===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C. H. Robinson First Quarter 2025 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the company's prepared remarks, we will open the line for a live question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, April 30, 2025. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chuck Ives, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Chuck Ives : Thank you, Donna, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today is Dave Bozeman, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Michael Castagnetto, our President of North American Surface Transportation; Arun Rajan, our Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer; and Damon Lee, our Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to remind you that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. Slide 2 in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management's expectations. Our earnings presentation slides are supplemental to our earnings release and can be found in the Investors section of our website at investor.chrobinson.com. Our prepared comments are not intended to follow the slides. If we do refer to specific information on the slides, we'll let you know which slide we're referring to. Today's remarks also contain certain non-GAAP measures, and reconciliations of those measures to GAAP measures are included in the presentation. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Bozeman : Thank you, Chuck. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Our Q1 results reflect progress in the disciplined execution of the strategies that we shared at our Investor Day in December to take market share and expand our margins. We are not waiting for a market recovery to improve our financial results and the strategies that the Robinson team is executing are relevant in any market environment. In NAST, we outgrew the market in Q1 in both truckload and LTL, while expanding gross margins and improving productivity, both year-over-year and sequentially. In Global 40, we continue to win new business and optimize our expenses through further increases in productivity. Overall, we delivered a 39% year-over-year increase in our enterprise's Q1 income from operations. And regardless of the market environment, we will continue to lean into the self-help initiatives that enabled our Q1 market share growth and margin expansion. This includes continuing to arm our industry leading talent with innovative tools that help us materially elevate the customer and carrier experience. We are innovating to harness the power of artificial intelligence and driving automation across the full lifecycle of a load, which gives our customers better service while also helping us improve our performance by automating tasks that free up our talented people to work on more strategic and higher value work. Our people have further embraced our new operating model and the discipline needed to generate higher highs and higher lows across market cycles. Despite a challenging freight market, they like the transformation happening at Robinson and the momentum that we have. The vast experience of our resilient employees and the value they bring to our customers and carriers are reflected in our Q1 results. More recently, the new tariffs and fluid trade policies have created market uncertainty and a lack of clarity, making planning activities more difficult and causing many customers to adopt a wait and see approach until they understand the impact on consumer spending and global demand. Some customers have paused or reduced their purchases from suppliers in China in order to reduce their tariff exposure, causing Ocean bookings out of China to decline in Q2. For years, we have been helping our customers diversify their supply chains to be able to source products from multiple countries. And for C.H. Robinson, while we're proud of our strength in the Trans-Pacific trade lane, we have also diversified the global lanes that we serve to make our business more resilient and less dependent on certain trade lanes. For example, prior to the pandemic, approximately 35% of our ocean and air volume in Global Forwarding was generated from the China to U.S. Trade line. In 2024, that percentage declined to less than 25% due to higher growth in trade lines serving Europe, Southeast Asia, Oceania, and India. While we are certainly not immune to global market dynamics, we remain confident in our strategy and our people. Nothing about the current environment changes that. The continued disciplined execution of our strategy, supported by the Robinson operating model, will make us stronger and we'll stay focused on providing differentiated service to our customers and carriers. Periods of volatility reinforce our value proposition. Customers need a partner who understands not only how to navigate increasing complexity, but also how to partner with them to solve their unique supply chain challenges, even amid uncertainty and change. We have the scale, breadth and differentiated experience to navigate through uncertainty, as well as the financial stability and operational agility to adapt to changing market dynamics and to help our customers do the same. So we'll continue to help our customers strategize on how to make their supply chains most efficient and cost effective. We're a top freight forwarder in multiple trade lanes around the world, and we handle well over 1 million customs transactions a year. So C.H. Robinson is well-versed in navigating tariff changes, and we have proprietary technology that aids us in doing so. We'll continue to use our unmatched expertise, unrivaled scale and tailored solutions to help our customers strategize on how to make their supply chains most efficient and cost effective in this environment. If that means the origin or destination of their freight changes, we can adapt to that change due to our global footprint. If supply chains increase their production in the U.S, we'll be ready, because we move more truckload freight than anyone in North America. We are a key partner in helping shippers rethink and shift supply chains, while also being able to help them execute those new strategies, helping us move further up the value stack. And while we've been preparing for a variety of market scenarios, we're also intensifying our strategic focus on market outgrowth, gross margin expansion and operating leverage improvement. I'll turn it over to Michael now to provide more details on our NAST results.
Michael Castagnetto: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. As Dave mentioned, the NAST team delivered market share growth in both truckload and LTL in Q1 and further optimized our volume, resulting in year-over-year expansion of our gross and operating profit margin. This outperformance was accomplished in the midst of a historically long freight recession. The Q1 Cass Freight Shipment Index was down 6.3% year-over-year and down 3.5% sequentially. Our overall NAST volume, on the other hand, declined by only 1% year-over-year and was up 2% sequentially, despite there being one less business day. Truckload volume was down 4.5% year-over-year and was up 3.5% sequentially. LTL volume grew 1% year-over-year and 1.5% sequentially. All of these KPIs outpaced the market indices. At the same time that market volumes have declined, load to truck ratios are higher than they were a year ago, and route guide depth in our Managed Solutions business has increased over the past year, reflecting a continued exit of capacity that has brought us closer to better balance in the market. The result of this has been a year-over-year increase in the truckload line haul cost per mile, excluding fuel surcharges. Supported by our operating model and armed with industry leading tools, our team of freight experts continues to respond to the challenging freight environment with pricing discipline and the cost of hire advantage, delivered by our procurement teams and the growing usage of our digital brokerage capabilities. All of this led to improvement in the AGP yield within both our transactional and our contractual truckload business and in our LTL business, resulting in a 140 basis point year-over-year improvement in our NAST gross margin. Our team continues to dynamically assess the best combination of volume and margin to improve our earnings. We know we have optionality to pivot towards more volume or more margin depending on the market conditions, and we are making adjustments multiple times per month, week and day while maintaining our discipline. Our execution has improved greatly over the past year. We're making better use of our proprietary digital capabilities and getting actionable data into the hands of our freight experts faster, enabling them to make better decisions and to capture the optimal freight for us. These digital capabilities, which Arun will expand on shortly, have also enabled us to increase our NAST shipments per person per day at a double-digit pace over the past two years, and this continued in Q1. Through higher productivity and lowering our cost to serve, our NAST operating margin of 34.3% in Q1 increased both year-over-year and sequentially. Regardless of market conditions, we remain focused on what we can control. Our people and their unmatched expertise enable us to deliver exceptional service and greater value to our customers and carriers. In line with a disciplined and focused approach to capture growth opportunities in targeted customer segments, we have invested in our sales organization and in capabilities such as drop trailer, cross border and Robinson Managed Solutions, and we will continue to deliver industry leading solutions to customers and carriers. Through their commitment to our customers and carriers and by embracing the C.H. Robinson operating model and innovative tools, our people are delivering improved results in a challenging marketplace. I'll turn it over to Arun now to provide an update on the innovation we're delivering to strengthen our customer and carrier experience and improve our gross margin and operating leverage.
Arun Rajan: Thanks, Michael, and good afternoon, everyone. In Q1, we continued to disrupt from within to transform our business to better serve our customers and to lead the industry forward. In line with the strategy that we laid-out at Investor Day in December, we are scaling our fleet of proprietary GenAI agents across the quote to cash lifecycle and to more modes and customers. As we recently announced, our AI agents have now performed more than 3 million shipping tasks, including over 1 million price quotes and more than 1 million orders processed. We've also quickly scaled the use of GenAI in our LTL business. And in Q1, our orders AI agent took care of as many LTL orders as it did truckload orders. All of these improvements are reducing the amount of time it takes us to respond to a quote or for a tendered load to be accepted, thereby providing a better and more uniform customer experience. Additionally, our proprietary AI is supporting our market share and margin expansion initiatives. First, the faster speed provided by our AI has enabled us to respond to more quotes and win more business, thereby augmenting our market share growth. Second, the continued advancement of our AI is powering our dynamic pricing and costing, and we're responding more surgically and faster than ever to dynamic market conditions by performing more frequent price discovery and enhancing the quality of pricing that we deliver. Along with our operating model rigor and our revenue management practices, this is contributing to the gross margin improvement that we're delivering. And third, the growing automation across our quote to cash lifecycle, whether it be in quoting, order entry, load tenders, appointment scheduling or other manual tasks, creates business model scalability. This enables us to decouple headcount growth from volume growth and to create greater operating leverage. Generative AI played a key role in our greater than 30% productivity increase from 2023 and 2024, and we expect to continue increasing our productivity in 2025 and beyond to create further operating leverage. Despite numerous AI announcements by others in the market, customers are not satisfied with subscale technology. They are looking for innovations that can be implemented on a large scale to achieve measurable benefits. The advancements that we are bringing to our customer supply chains, such as automation powered by GenAI, have significant impact due to our scale and our information advantage, which comes from moving more truckload freight than anyone in North America and doing more LTL shipments than any other 3PL. But as I've noted before, a digital only approach has proven to be ineffective in the logistics industry due to the level of complexity and variation in freight characteristics that necessitate human expertise. The active role that our people play from a human in the loop perspective cannot be understated, and we are leveraging their deep domain expertise to provide feedback and to improve our algorithms on a regular basis. Ultimately, we are innovating and disrupting from within to deliver on three items that are key to our strategy: transforming the customer and carrier experience to elevate our offering and drive growth delivering business model scalability and driving gross margin and operating margin expansion. With that, I'll turn the call over to Damon for a review of our first quarter results.
Damon Lee : Thanks, Arun, and good afternoon, everyone. As you heard today, we made further progress in Q1 on the strategic initiatives aimed at our North Star of improving operating income. This was driven by market share growth, continued optimization of our AGP, and a reduction in cost through our operational discipline and productivity initiatives, which increased our operating leverage. Despite declines in market volume, our market share gains, revenue management and disciplined procurement of capacity improved the quality of our volume and our AGP, which was up $15.4 million year-over-year, driven by a 5.3% increase in NAST and a 2.5% increase in Global Forwarding. On a monthly basis, compared to Q1 of last year, our total company AGP per business day was up 14% in January, up 1% in February and down 2% in March. It's worth noting that this trend was attributable to more challenging comps as the quarter progressed and the absolute amount of AGP per business day increased sequentially in both February and March. From an expense standpoint, our total operating expenses declined $34 million or 6.5% year-over-year. Q1 personnel expenses were $348 million, including $1.2 million of expenses related to the divestiture of our European Surface Transportation business. Excluding these charges, our Q1 personnel expenses were $347.4 million down $23.8 million due to our continued productivity and cost optimization efforts. Our average headcount in Q1 was down 11% compared to Q1 of last year. We continue to expect our 2025 personnel expenses to be $1.375 billion to $1.475 billion. This includes an assumption that our headcount will be relatively flat with our Q1 ending headcount. Although we have a dynamic workforce planning process that can adjust to changing market conditions, and we remain committed to further decoupling headcount from volume. With low to mid-teen turnover rates, we can use attrition substantially to manage headcount if needed. Our Q1 SG&A expenses were $147.7 million and included $7.4 million of charges primarily related to a lease impairment charge as part of subletting a portion of our Kansas City regional center. Excluding these charges, SG&A expenses of $140.3 million were down $6.3 million year-over-year. We still expect our 2025 SG&A expenses to be $575 million to $625 million including depreciation and amortization of $95 million to $105 million. Although most of our SG&A expenses are subject to inflation, we expect continued cost improvements to partially offset the inflationary impact. Shifting back to Q1, our effective tax rate for the quarter was 13.7%. Our tax rate is typically lower in the first quarter of the year due to the incremental tax benefits from stock-based compensation deliveries that occur in Q1. We still expect our 2025 full year effective tax rate to be in the range of 18% to 20%. We generated $106.5 million in cash from operations in Q1 and our capital expenditures were $16.1 million. We now expect our full year capital expenditures to be $65 million to $75 million compared to our previous guidance of $75 million to $85 million. From a balance sheet perspective, we ended Q1 with approximately $1.16 billion of liquidity, comprised of $1.030 billion of committed funding under our credit facilities and a cash balance of $130 million. Our net debt to EBITDA leverage at the end of Q1 was 1.54x, down from 1.61x at the end of Q4. Our financial strength continues to be a key differentiator in our industry as it enables us to continue investing in the bottom of the freight cycle and improving our capabilities. While our capital allocation strategy remains grounded in maintaining an investment-grade credit rating, our financial strength and improved leverage ratio enabled us to return $175 million of cash to shareholders in Q1 through $97.5 million of share repurchases and $77.5 million of dividends. Overall, our Q1 financial results are another proof point of the transformation occurring at C.H. Robinson with the disciplined execution that the new Robinson operating model demands and with our strategies to drive outperformance in any market environment, I am optimistic about our runway for further improvement. With that, I will turn the call back to Dave for his final comments.
Dave Bozeman : Thanks, Damon. As you have gathered from our comments today, we are laser focused on our self-help initiatives to increase our market share and to expand our margins, while elevating our level of service to our customers and carriers to raise the bar in the logistics industry. Given the current market environment, I'm grateful for the actions we've taken over the past two years to stand up a new operating model and to get fit, fast and focused. Our cost structure is in a much better position with greater than 30% productivity delivered over that timeframe, and we're making further process improvements in 2025. We're moving with much greater speed, both in how we're innovating and responding to customers and carriers, but also in how we're identifying root causes and implementing countermeasures as lean tools are delivered and taught to more of our people. And we've driven greater focus of the organization through industrial pruning through initiatives such as deprecating our small parcel services and the sale of our Europe surface transportation business. And as we lead our industry in AI tech innovation, we are seeing the benefits and are excited about the future. Our advanced AI and machine learning technology is improving our gross margins, while allowing us to better align our capacity and pricing to the specific needs of our customers and to specific market conditions. These superior dynamic costing and pricing capabilities will be even more important when we eventually see a turn in overall freight demand. Our technology is lifting mundane, repetitive tasks off our people's plates, contributing to a greater than 30% increase in productivity and efficiency over two years. Our proprietary generative AI tech, which is breaking new ground in the industry, is making an especially big impact because it's able to perform tasks that defied automation for decades. That frees our people to do more strategic work and enables us to reach more customers, garner more wallet share through our full range of services and move up the value stack by leveraging our growing capabilities. And finally, we're making it easy to do business with C.H. Robinson. We have a people plus tech approach. Customers can choose the experience they want with us, whether that's taking advantage of our digital platforms or interacting directly with one of our team members. Fundamentally, this is still a people business, and our customers say the number one reason they work with us is our people. I want to thank our people for their relentless efforts to provide exceptional service to our customers and carriers, for embracing the Robinson operating model and continuing to execute with discipline and for continuing to support each other as we navigate a changing marketplace. I'm confident in the team's ability to drive a higher and more consistent level of operational execution and to keep pushing the bar higher on our financial performance across market cycles. We've built a resilient organization with a multi-horizon strategy that looks around corners and is underpinned by an operating model that provides stability by mandating execution of the strategy. I believe the strategies, disciplines and practices that we have implemented at Robinson can endure through a prolonged freight recession, through a market inflection and through any part of the freight cycle. That concludes our prepared remarks. I'll turn it back to Donna now for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Jon Chappell with Evercore ISI.
Alex Johnson: Good afternoon. It's Alex Johnson on for Jon Chappell. Maybe a sort of maintenance type of question first, if I can. Some of the trucking companies and other trucking related companies commented on weather impact in the month of March in particular. I don't think I heard you comment on weather. I know volatility in weather and trucking market can have an impact. Just wondering if you saw any of that, how you would sort of frame that?
Dave Bozeman : Yeah. Hey, Alex, this is Dave. Good to hear from you. Yeah, we see all types of impact obviously with weather. That's something we see, but the key is how we're really driving towards how we're really driving towards the impact of that weather and we've kind of moved to inputs versus outputs. So that's the key for us. So allowing us to really hit that right upfront versus kind of waiting for that impact and then and seeing that. That's kind of the key to our operating model. It's really that speed and immediate visibility. But I'll ask Michael to share a few more details on specifically, but we're seeing our operating model manifest in how we handle things like weather. But Michael?
Michael Castagnetto: Yeah, Alex, thanks for the question. I think what we saw in Q1 was certainly weather impact in January, weather impact in March to the marketplace. And certainly as carriers exit, we're seeing that events like weather impacts or other short-term events do have an outsized impact on short-term pricing or short-term impacts to the marketplace. But I think what we showed in Q1 and we see it in our results is the improvement in our operating model and our tools has allowed us to react to those incidents much more aggressively and I'd say proactively as opposed to reactively. And so, while certainly January over January, as an example, you had some pretty big storm impacts last year, and we still had a pretty difficult January from a storm impact in this year, but our results were different. And it's really how are we getting these tools into our people's hands, how do we get ahead of these events, And then really that combination of how our commercial and capacity folks are working together with our customers and carriers to build solutions. So did the events happen? Yes. Do I think the team did an incredible job of managing through them? And I think that showed through our numbers in the quarter, yes, also.
Dave Bozeman : Yes. And I'd just say I was happy to see that it was somewhat of a non-event. I'm happy that our people are building their muscle up around dealing with this, Alex. So thanks for the question.
Alex Johnson: Thank you very much. I'll get back in queue for some more outlook type of questions. Thank you.
Operator: Next question, Chris Wetherbee with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Chris, your line is live. Okay, on to Jeff Kauffman with Vertical Research Partners.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you very much. Well, first of all, congratulations. It's a terrific result in a tough environment. I'd like to hone in a little bit, maybe it's the tail wagging the dog here, but I want to hone in a little bit on the international markets and global forwarding. You're one of the top NVOCCs, out of China, Southeast Asia to the U.S. There's a talk about customers shifting from air to ocean and there's a talk about what happens if these tariffs go or if they don't and who knows what the answer is. But can you kind of talk through some of the scenario planning that you've done or the scenario you see and how that could potentially affect the forwarding division, particularly the ocean from Southeast Asia to the U.S?
Arun Rajan : Yeah. Thanks for the question, Jeff. I think you kind of summarized it well, right? There's a lot going on in the international space right now. I would say that there's changes almost every week and some weeks there's multiple changes. That certainly created a lack of clarity for our customers. And so certainly that's where Robinson's value proposition shows up best, right? When there's chaos and there's lack of clarity, our advanced capabilities, our breadth of services really allows our customers to do scenario planning and what if planning at a different scale and a different level. Now as we've talked about on other calls, right, there's been a trend for many years now, really post-COVID of near shoring and friend shoring and just overall migration away from dedication to China and just having a more diverse supply chain to more of Southeast Asia, to India, to other trade lanes. We're certainly seeing that be a benefit to our customers. And certainly China is still an impact to their business flow, but certainly the diversification of their efforts over the last several years post COVID has lessened that impact on their supply chain. One thing just to note for Robinson is, certainly, we're not immune to density of trade lanes either. And we've worked hard over the last several years to lessen our dependence on the Trans-Pacific trade lane as well. That used to be 35% of our Global Forwarding business. It's now 25% post-pandemic. So we've even seen the benefits of that diversification away from specific trade lanes and density of trade lanes over that time as well. So what I would say is, what I led with is certainly times like this is when Robinson really shows up as a value added partner to our customers. We've seen that historically, and we've certainly seen that as tariffs. We look at tariffs as just another disruption for our customers, another market disruption. But we've had several disruption over the years, right? You've had disruptions in the South China Sea. You've had the port strikes. Those disruptions all show up slightly differently, but they're all disruptions to the supply chain. And certainly, our customers have been diversifying to limit those disruptions on the impact of their business, and they've certainly partnered with us on creative solutions to lessen that impact as well. So what I would say is certainly we've seen a lot of activity with customers partner with us on various ways of diversification, and I think that's bode well for our ability to move up the value stack with a lot of our key customers.
Jeff Kauffman: Just to clarify your comments and thank you for that answer. For the purposes of our modeling, I guess my takeaway on what you're saying is we've downshifted Trans-Pacific a little bit and it's possible that Southeast Asia to rest of world could offset some of the decline from Southeast Asia to U.S., but would tariffs result in higher customs revenue as a result? And we should think about maybe customs get some support here and then make your own assumptions on Arun, on ocean?
Arun Rajan: Yes. So certainly on your first comment, we agreed that's an accurate understanding of my comment. On the customs activity, certainly, we've seen an uptick in customs activity, and certainly, we're an expert in that area and in that field. And so certainly, that has been an area of increased interest with our customers and certainly we're able to provide that service and value for them.
Operator: Next question, Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan.
Brian Ossenbeck: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe just wanted to I'll give you both at once. Just can you give us any sense of what April looks like so far? I know you typically don't do that, but we're obviously not in a really typical sort of market. So anything there would be helpful. And then maybe for Michael, do you think we're finally starting to get to the point where truckload capacity starts to exit and stays out or at least starts to accelerate in that trend. Are you seeing any signs of that? And it does seem like perhaps we've got some more volatility with tariffs and the import cliff, if it does arrive, that could potentially accelerate that. But of course, lower fuel prices are throwing a lifeline out there as well. So just wanted to see thoughts on April and then if you have got any color on capacity and where that's headed.
Dave Bozeman : Hey, Brian, thanks for the question. Hey, listen, you're right. We don't typically provide guidance on kind of volume, AGP or earnings into April here. But historically, Q2 is seasonally stronger quarter. It's like usually plus 5% sequentially due to higher freight demand in certain verticals as we're coming into food and beverage, produce, home and garden and as the weather improves. There are several factors that will impact whether we see normal seasonality in Q2, including whether consumer confidence and spending are strong enough to support those key verticals that I just talked about. The first month of the quarter, as we look at it, is really a good predictor of the quarter. So that's what we typically don't comment on it. However, we might be able to give a little bit of color and I will ask Michael to weigh in here a bit of it, but that's how we typically kind of view this.
Michael Castagnetto: Yeah. So Dave is correct. Second quarter usually is sequentially better than Q1 to the numbers that Dave mentioned. But it's a unique quarter in that April is sequentially lower than March and then it kind of increases through May into June as we get some seasonal impacts and just based on our customer mix. What we've seen is, yes, we've seen that sequential decrease from March into April, but it's less than it was last year. And so we continue to think that the work we're doing is allowing us to meet customers where they need to be met. And as Damon mentioned on his answer previously, I think it's a statement for NAST as well. The volatility that we're seeing in the marketplace is creating an opportunity for customers to lean into Robinson and the value we bring to the complexity of supply chains that people are dealing with right now. I think there is a move to quality in terms of what we're bringing to the marketplace, our stability, our people, our capabilities, those type of things. And so we feel good that the work we're doing in Q1, we expect it to be positive with the work we're doing in Q2. Your second question related to carrier capacity, yes, we're continuing to see capacity exit the marketplace. No, we're not seeing necessarily market inflections in any meaningful and sustainable way from a costing perspective. I mentioned earlier, you see it during events, you see it during short term impacts, where those events are having pretty significant spikes due to the fact that I think there's a little bit less surplus in the marketplace than there maybe has been in the past. And so the hope would be is as demand comes back, that we'd see more of an inflection versus an event, but we haven't seen that. I do think your comment -- though about what does some of the uncertainty due to overall demand and how would that impact capacity exits? Your comments are probably an accurate reflection of what a carrier is looking at, right? Pricing is not improving in a meaningful way. Some costs are improving from their perspective. But at this point, there's been nothing that would say we're seeing a true inflection in the market and that we're continuing to somewhat bounce along the bottom we've been on for a while.
Operator: Ken Hoexter with Bank of America.
Ken Hoexter: Hey, good afternoon. Dave, I guess earlier you talked about the AGP deceleration rate, so from 14% in January down to minus 2% in March. Can we talk about that? I know you said it was just tougher comps. Is there is that tariff implications your thoughts on as pricing stays weak here the opportunity to ramp that up? And I guess you lowered CapEx. I guess is that just looking at again same thing the market deceleration? Is there something more to that? Maybe just your thoughts on the backdrop here?
Damon Lee: Yeah. Ken, I'll take that one. This one is Damon. Certainly, I wouldn't read into anything on the month to month sequentials that we went through in the prepared statements. I think you had as we referenced in the statements, right, I think you certainly had tougher comps as the months went on, but we don't believe that signals anything of significance, right? So I think that's more just noise in some of the monthly comps. So, yeah, nothing there that I would focus on.
Dave Bozeman : On CapEx, yeah. Yeah, sorry. So on CapEx, look, I think it's just more as we're looking at the outlook, we felt that was a more appropriate range just based on the initiatives of the year and where we see the year shaping up. What I will tell you is, all of the initiatives that support our strategic initiatives are fully funded and they're certainly not part of tightening that range. I would say, as part of tightening that range was really items we view as discretionary that have some fungibility and timing and those we've reprioritized. But just to reiterate again, none of the CapEx needed to support our strategic initiatives have been impacted by that range change.
Ken Hoexter: I guess, if I could -- just David, if I could just follow-up on the first part. I guess, I'm just trying to balance out what's going on with contract pricing in the middle of bid season here. I was trying to ask, like, how do you balance that, I guess, with the spot? We've seen spot really come in given the weakness in the market. Are you seeing that weakness? Are you able to take advantage? Are we seeing AGP that should reaccelerate given that? I'm trying to understand the backdrop --
Dave Bozeman : I'll turn it over to Michael to give you some color there.
Michael Castagnetto: Yeah. So I think you're right. We're seeing contractual rates improve, I'd call it minimally year over year when we look at it. We're continuing to be in a highly competitive environment. Pricing is very aggressive in the marketplace, but we are seeing the ability to get some small increases on contractual. You're right, the transactional market continues to be very, very competitive. And depending on the time of the month or depending on the week, there is some weeks less freight than before and we're battling for that freight. We feel good though. If you look at NAST top line margins, we were able to maintain and grow that throughout the quarter and really, I think, deliver what is what we've talked about, that optionality of the best combination of volume and margin for our business. But we're going to continue to keep testing that. And we test it every month, week, day and a couple of times a day. And I think we found the right combination for what Q1 marketplace gave us and we'll adapt depending on what Q2 brings us. But generally, I think you described it right. Contractual market, very small improvements. Transactional market, really competitive environment and we're being very selective. But like I said before, I think customers are recognizing the value we're bringing to the marketplace. And so ideally, we're moving more transactions to not just a price transaction, right? We're moving up the value stack and bringing more and more capabilities and services to that customer, and I think we're seeing that in our results.
Dave Bozeman : Yeah. And Ken, I'll just add to that to just kind of put a bow on it. Look, we don't view the outgrowth in Q1 as unique. We view that as our target condition, and we expect that outgrowth every quarter. Now as Michael mentioned, every quarter has different characteristics, every quarter has different dynamics and we have to react to those different dynamics to deliver that outgrowth. But we don't view Q1 as unique. We expect that that's the baseline expectation going forward.
Operator: Next question, Tom Wadewitz with UBS.
Tom Wadewitz: Yeah, good afternoon. So I'll give you the two upfront. So just on headcount, I think the sequential decline was a bit greater than we were anticipating. So just want to see if you could give a sense of does that keep moving down or do you think stable going forward? And then I guess to the comments you had about volume and approach to the market, I mean, we heard some things that maybe CH is getting more aggressive in the market and just going after volume a bit harder and you saw a pretty impressive amount of improvement in gross margin and profitability over the past 1.5 years. So what kind of makes sense you could shift, but I wonder if that is the case. And if so, is there also a move to maybe leverage the transportation management capability, the TMC and say, “Hey, we can bundle a bit.” And win some brokerage business leveraging the transportation management as well? So I guess kind of two different questions there.
Dave Bozeman : Yeah, Tom, I'll start. I'd say part of that headcount being further down than you were expecting is related to EST, right? So the divestiture of that business certainly came with the headcount exiting that business as well, right? So part of that comp comparison on headcount that looks a little unique is related to EST. What I would say broader on headcount is, look, we're dynamically managing our personnel expense and our headcount frequently. No different than, as Michael mentioned, on price and cost of hire. We have a dynamic model that we do workforce planning consistently on, and productivity is a key KPI of ours as we've demonstrated the 30% over the last two years of productivity. We expect evergreen productivity going forward. So just to kind of bring that to a conclusion, I think the trend difference you see on headcount there is heavily influenced by the exit of EST, but we are actively managing headcount based on the market environment that we're in with the Air 2 driving evergreen productivity going forward.
Michael Castagnetto: Yeah. This is Michael. The second half of that question regarding aggressive in the marketplace, I think we're being smarter in the marketplace. I think we're putting the tools into our people's hands more often, better information. I think our people making the right decisions more often. And you see that in the fact that we’re outpacing the market, but we’re also managing our top line margins and bottom line margins. Your last question or comment around RMS and the role of how that fits our Robinson Managed Solutions, I'm probably more excited about that business and the combination of value propositions we bring from the former TMC team and the RMS team now in whole combined with NAST. And what we're bringing to the marketplace, I can tell you, we're seeing really strong response from customers about that value proposition. And I'm probably, like I said, as excited as I've been around the growth opportunities that that value proposition and service we bring that is very unique to Robinson to the marketplace.
Dave Bozeman : Yeah. Hey, Tom, this is Dave. Yeah. I was going to say just to accentuate that too. Again, I can't stress enough like what you are seeing is a manifestation of our strategy. Coming off of our Investor Day, I think we are pretty clear that our goal was to really take market share and expand our margins. And I am proud of what the team is doing by doing that. So it's a balance for us at Robinson and every day we look at that on everything we're doing to really take that market share up and drive those margins. So what these guys are doing is kind of doing that balance and I think leveraging what our technology is part of what you're seeing in the marketplace. And Arun, I don't you want to add to that?
Arun Rajan: Yeah, Tom. I think it's worth saying that kind of reiterating what Michael and Dave just said. Our algorithmic real time algorithmic pricing and costing capabilities enable us to make adjustments constantly, continuously. So this point that this notion that we don't go after volume from volume's sake, but we have objectives around market outgrowth and our algorithms are continuously discovering the right sweet spot to deliver on that. So that's one piece of it. And again, on managed services, I think we all I would just echo that it is directly in line with what Dave discussed around moving up the value stack and Michael discussed about moving up the value stack. It's core to our strategy on how we leverage managed services to feed other businesses.
Michael Castagnetto : Yeah. And Tom, just to summarize it and then we'll let you ask your follow-up there is we just like to always remind everyone, right, our strategy is about outgrowing the market, expanding gross margins and expanding operating margins, right. Q1 was a great demonstration of that on all fronts. And so to your question about getting more aggressive in the market, I think we're always aggressive in the market. I think we just make sure we make high quality decisions on what freight we take, and we have tremendous optionality in that decision making process. As Michael said, we're getting smarter every quarter. We're still in the early innings of many of our evolutions in tech development. So I think we're going to continue to get smarter and I think we'll continue to see the results reflect that.
Tom Wadewitz: Yeah. I guess just a short follow-up. To make sure I understand it, I mean, it seems pretty interesting to leverage the RMS capability and it used to be the TMC and combine that in brokerage in maybe a way that you didn't do in the past. So I think that's my understanding is this is new and this is it seems like a pretty interesting lever to drive growth. Is that right to think of it as a new approach putting those two together or am I not or is that something you did in the past?
Michael Castagnetto: No, I think you're correct, right? With our strategy, as Dave mentioned, One Robinson at our Investor Day, we had historically operated them as separate entities and there was crossover where I would say it happened circumstance and we're being much more deliberate about bringing that combined value to the marketplace. And we're listening to customers. Certainly, we're meeting customers where they want to be met. If they want to be met under certain terms, we will meet them there. But I can tell you, bringing the full value and capabilities of Robinson has been really positively received.
Dave Bozeman : Yeah. And Tom, you've been here since we started this transformation a couple of years ago in which that diagnosis was really around people, product, process and portfolio. And as we went deeper in that, one of them was really looking at what we were going to do with TMC and driving this kind of One Robinson approach and ultimately through some really thoughtful work driving into a comprehensive strategy. This is what you're seeing, which is the One Robinson approach around RMS. So very deliberate, very purposeful about how we're going to market with that and that certainly is early innings, but I like the momentum that I'm seeing so far in driving that.
Operator: Bascome Majors with Susquehanna.
Bascome Majors: Arun, you're still obviously generating quite a bit of progress with some of the tech projects on both the net revenue line and the operating expense line or operating efficiency within NAST. Can you talk about on both the pricing driven items that are helping you on the net margin and some of the efficiency driven items that are helping you on your operating efficiency? What inning or other analogy are you are on some of those projects? And maybe Dave, if you could cap off that discussion? I know continuous improvement never ends in lean, but how deep into this do you need to be before we're more in the continuous improvement stage versus the stair step improvement it looks like you're continuing to see here? Thank you.
Dave Bozeman : Yes. Bascome, thanks for the question. Let's start with -- let's break that down and start with Arun, and then I'll come back and answer the second part of the question here.
Arun Rajan: Yeah, Bascome, the way I would describe it is, we published these productivity targets the last couple of years and we've delivered them. We delivered over 30% productivity in both NAST and Global Forwarding. And if you go back one year on NAST, it's actually over 40% productivity. I don't think we can sustain that level of productivity improvement. However, the tools and technologies keep improving. We've got agentic AI capabilities and GenAI capabilities. There's this evergreen component. I'd say like it's it won't stop. We will continue to deliver productivity improvements every year. I think you should just think of it as evergreen. In terms of gross margin, I'd say it's the same way. And then frankly, I would connect it all back to the waterfall, that Damon presented at Investor Day, right? So if you're thinking about how much more runway we have, well, we have enough runway to deliver on the 2026 targets we talk about at Investor Day, and it won't stop there.
Dave Bozeman : Yeah. I think, Bascome, this when it comes to these transformations and lean transformations, I can't tell you how proud I am of the team. This is you get hit with a lot on these transformations, particularly the lean transformations, and they are doing a really nice job at learning and driving this. And so it's really about this discovery. It's about innovation. You hit on it, it is about continuous improvement. But the key being Damon said this, I said this, we continue to say it, we're going to have continuous improvement throughout the market cycle. So be it at the low part of the cycle or be it at the midcycle or high, the expectation at Robinson is that we continue to have continuous improvement, no matter what because it's a improve every day type of mentality that we have. And so the 30% compound in two years, that's great. Now we said, obviously, you won't have that double digit type of improvement, but there will be continuous improvement. Every day, even as the cycle comes up, that's part of lean operating systems and that's what we're building here at Robinson.
Michael Castagnetto : Yes, Bascome, I would just add that part of our operating rhythm, part of our policy deployment, one of our key measures we manage is the health of our funnel. That funnel being all the ideas we have around productivity, around pricing, around cost of hire, all of our initiatives. And so certainly, one of those KPIs is keeping the funnel full, right? So we don't just fill the funnel and then let it run out, right? One of those KPIs is ensuring that we're adding projects, ideas, interrogations into our process every single week, every single month, right? So the health of that funnel of ideas is really at the DNA of how we keep the continuous improvement flowing really forever within the company.
Operator: Next question, Chris Wetherbee with Wells Fargo.
Chris Wetherbee: Yeah. Hey, thanks guys. Good afternoon. Maybe a little bit of a bigger picture question. As we look out over the course of the next couple of months, we could be seeing some softness certainly from an import perspective and that might be coming through in both your Global Forwarding, but also maybe your NAST businesses as well. I guess as you think about what we're just talking about with productivity optionality, I guess how do you think maybe about positioning the business for the next couple of quarters? I wouldn't expect you to do something overly dramatic, but I guess as you see that opportunity where maybe volume is a little bit softer, are there some other levers you can pull on the productivity side a little shorter term that could generate potential savings down the road here?
Dave Bozeman : Yeah, Chris, thank you for the question. Look, I would say, look, the most important levers that we have are the ones that we're executing every day, every week, every month, right? What I think is really the backbone of our strategy is it works in all cycles of the market, right? It works when there's disturbances, it works when there's inflections, it just works, right? And we've demonstrated that over the last five quarters. So I'd say, first of all, the most important levers we have are to continue to do what we're doing on making wise decisions on the volume we take, which has enabled us to outgrow the market. The optionality and speed of decision making that we have on optimizing our pricing and our cost of hire decisions. And then we just -- we never stop looking at ways to improve our efficiency from an operating margin expansion perspective, right? I mean, every day we come up with a different idea on how to drive efficiency through automation, eliminating processes that don't add value, simplifying processes that are too complex. So what I'd say is that the biggest levers we have are the ones we're already executing, right? So we'll just continue to execute those levers in the face of whatever the market conditions do give us. Just a reminder, certainly two thirds of our operating expenses are personnel expenses. And as I mentioned earlier, we do have a dynamic workforce planning process, right? We have KPIs as part of our operating review that don't allow us to go red and stay red from a productivity perspective. So we'll be actively managing our personnel expenses, both headcount related and headcount adjacent, regardless of what the market unfolds and gives us.
Operator: Thank you. I would like to turn the floor over to Chuck for closing remarks.
Chuck Ives : Thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to talking to you again, and have a great evening.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-29 18:12:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Fourth Quarter 2024 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the company's prepared remarks, we will open the line for a live question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, January 29, 2025. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chuck Ives, Senior Director of Investor Relations.
Chuck Ives: Thank you, Shamali, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today is Dave Bozeman, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Michael Castagnetto, our President of North American Surface Transportation; Arun Rajan, our Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer; and Damon Lee, our Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to remind you that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. Slide 2 in today's presentation risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management's expectations. Our earnings presentation slides are supplemental to our earnings release and can be found in the Investors section of our website at investor.chrobinson.com. Our prepared comments are not intended to follow the slides. If we do refer to specific information on the slides, we'll let you know which slide we're referencing. Today's remarks also contain certain non-GAAP measures, and reconciliations of those measures to GAAP measures are included in the presentation. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Bozeman: Thank you, Chuck. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'd first like to acknowledge the challenges that many people are facing due to the severe weather and natural disasters in certain regions of the country, including the recent wildfires that damaged and destroyed many homes and businesses in the Los Angeles area. Our thoughts are with everyone who has been impacted, and we extend our gratitude to the first responders who worked tirelessly to keep people safe. I'm proud of the support that our company and our employees provided to help those in need as well as our customers. Turning to our fourth quarter. We've talked extensively over the past year about our new Robinson operating model and the disciplined execution that the model is enabling as well as how we're leveraging our industry-leading talent and technology to raise the bar in logistics. The benefits of these efforts were never more evident than in the significant year-over-year improvement in our Q4 financial results. In what continues to be a historically prolonged freight recession with market growth in 2024 that did not materialize as had been projected, the difference in our execution versus last year is stark. Our people are embracing the discipline needed to generate higher highs and higher lows across market cycles, resulting in a higher quality of volume, greater productivity and expansion of our gross profit and operating profit margins. In a trucking environment, where the cost of purchase transportation increased in Q4 due to a decline in industry capacity, our dynamic costing and pricing tools, our revenue management practices and our cost of higher advantage enabled us to provide greater value to our customers and at the same time, improve our NAST gross margin both year-over-year and sequentially. In our Global Forwarding business, the team has debunked the thesis that Robinson couldn't continue to improve productivity when volumes are growing. Throughout 2024, I've been impressed with and highly appreciative of the team as they continue to be nimble and highly engaged with our customers to help them navigate various market disruptions and to provide differentiated service and solutions. As a result, our ocean and air shipments grew each quarter on a year-over-year basis and each grew more than 5% for the full year. Through improvements in process standardization and automation and embracing the rigor of our operating model, the forwarding team decoupled headcount growth from volume growth, reduced their average headcount for the year more than 10% and achieved productivity improvement of greater than 15% for the full year. Over the two-year period of '23 and '24, we delivered compounded productivity growth of 30% or more in both Global Forwarding and NAST. And as we said at our Investor Day in December, we view our productivity as evergreen improvements that we do not expect to give back. Enabled by the operating model disciplines and tools that are being applied across our company, we expect to further advance our productivity as we grow our businesses, including both NAST and Global Forwarding. The productivity improvements have lowered our cost to serve and increased our operating leverage. Combined with our expanded gross margins, this resulted in a 79% year-over-year increase in our enterprise's Q4 adjusted income from operations. I want to thank our people, one of our greatest competitive advantages for their relentless efforts to embrace our new operating model and execute in a fit, fast and focused way as we keep pushing the bar higher on exceptional service to our customers and carriers, and on financial performance across market cycles. Our new operating model has changed how we discover and expect root cause issues and quickly implement countermeasures to improve the level of our operational execution. The reliability of our operating reviews continues to increase as we leverage our data-rich environment to inform our decision-making and enhance our competitive differentiation. This is showing up in improvements such as more disciplined pricing and better decisions on the volume that we're seeking. We are still early in our journey. But the operating model is helping us execute a solid strategy even better, and we expect further improvement as the accountability that the operating model demands is embraced deeper in the organization. I'm confident in the team's ability to drive a higher and more consistent level of discipline in our operational execution. As freight markets continue to fluctuate due to seasonal cyclical and geopolitical factors, we continue to remain focused on what we can control, including deploying our operating model and lean principles across the company, providing best-in-class service to our customers and carriers, gaining profitable share in targeted market segments and leveraging game-changing Generative AI to improve our service, workflows and cost at scale, not in theory. We also continue to focus on ensuring that we'll be ready for the eventual freight market rebound with a disciplined operating model that responsibly grows market share, further decouples headcount growth from volume growth, drives additional operating leverage and generates incremental operating income. I'll turn it over to Michael now to provide more details on our NAST results.
Michael Castagnetto: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. In Q4, we delivered further optimization of our NAST volume, our gross profit margin and our adjusted gross profit per shipment resulting in a 40% year-over-year increase in our adjusted operating income. From a volume standpoint, the market continues to be in a prolonged freight recession, as Dave mentioned. The Cass Freight Shipment Index in Q4 was down 3.2% year-over-year and down 4.8% sequentially, and it was the lowest Q4 reading the industry has seen in the last 15 years. At the same time, the truckload linehaul cost per mile, excluding fuel surcharges, increased due to a decline in industry capacity. Our resilient team of freight experts responded to the challenging freight environment by improving the quality of our volume with pricing discipline and a cost of higher advantage delivered by our procurement teams and the growing usage of our digital brokerage capabilities. All of this led to an improvement in the AGP yield within both our transactional and our contractual truckload business and 170 basis point year-over-year improvement in our NAST gross margin. Supported by our operating model and armed with innovative tools, our team also delivered a sequential improvement in NAST gross margin and truckload AGP dollars per shipment, despite the rising cost of purchase transportation. From a volume perspective, our total NAST volume declined approximately 1% year-over-year, outpacing the index for the seventh consecutive quarter. This included a 2.5% increase in LTL volume and a 6.5% decrease in truckload volume. Our team is continuously testing the best combination of volume and margin to improve our earnings. We know we have the optionality to increase our volume when the conditions are right, and we are ready to pivot when it makes sense to do so, but we're going to maintain our discipline. From a market balance perspective, we continue to be in a drawn-out stage of capacity oversupply, although carrier attrition is occurring and moving toward better balance each quarter. Due to a seasonal decline in capacity, the dry van load-to-truck ratio and spot rates experienced some upward pressure during the holiday season and the subsequent winter storm similar to last year. But the load-to-truck ratio and spot rates are expected to return to preholiday levels once the storms abate. What stands out is that our execution is markedly different than last December and January as we're making better decisions on the optimal freight for us and making better use of our proprietary digital capabilities. In our LTL business, the 2.5% year-over-year increase in our Q4 shipments was driven by strength across several of our LTL services. By leveraging our vast access to capacity, our broad range of LTL services and solutions and our high level of customer service, our LTL team continues to onboard a solid pipeline of new business and build on our existing LTL business that exceeds $3 billion in annual revenue. Looking ahead to Q1, it is typically a seasonally weaker quarter compared to Q4, with the 10-year average of the Cass Freight Shipment Index, reflecting a 2.5% sequential volume decline from Q4 to Q1. As Dave said, regardless of market conditions, we remain focused on what we can control. Our people and their unmatched expertise enable us to deliver exceptional service and greater value to our customers and carriers. In line with the disciplined and focused approach to capture growth opportunities in targeted customer segments, such as small and medium businesses, we have invested in our sales organization, and we will continue to deliver industry-leading solutions to customers and carriers. As recently announced, one of those solutions is the introduction of C.H. Robinson Financial, an innovative digital payment solution for carriers that is aimed at setting a new standard of speed and efficiency unmatched by any other freight provider. It marks a significant leap forward in fostering financial stability and streamlining operations for carriers. As Dave called out earlier, I also want to take a moment to thank the NAST team for their incredible work in 2024. Our performance and improvements throughout the year reflect their commitment to our customers, carriers and each other. Through their continued engagement with the C.H. Robinson operating model, our people are delivering improved results in a very difficult marketplace, and I am proud to lead this team. I'll turn it over to Arun now to provide an update on the innovation we're delivering to strengthen our customer and carrier experience and improve our AGP yield and operating leverage.
Arun Rajan: Thanks, Michael, and good afternoon, everyone. As I mentioned at our Investor Day in December, C.H. Robinson is in prime position to disrupt from within to lead the industry forward in a way that others cannot match. The innovations that we bring to the industry and our customer supply chains, such as automation powered by Gen AI have a market-wide impact due to our size and scale. And we are not just talking about doing this. We are already doing it for thousands of global customers. As an example, with our proprietary technology that reads, classifies and response to incoming e-mails, we've been able to automate more than 10,000 transactions per day. This automation across the quote-to-cash life cycle of an order, whether it be quoting, order entry, low tenders, appointment scheduling, other manual tasks, enables us to reduce our response times and provide a better and more uniform experience for our customers and carriers. It also creates business model scalability, thereby enabling us to decouple headcount growth from volume growth and to create greater operating leverage. In the fourth quarter, as throughout 2024, we continue to scale our process innovations and our use of Gen AI. After utilizing Gen AI to automate orders that are tendered via e-mail, the automation of our order tenders increased 1,150 basis points compared to Q4 of last year and 440 basis points sequentially. And while the automation of this process has now reached nearly 90%, the other points in the order life cycle have more runway for improvement. The increased automation in our order entry process and other points in the order life cycle enabled us to increase our NAST and Global Forwarding shipments per person per day by more than 30% over the two-year period of 2023 and 2024. And although our productivity improvements will continue to compound at these levels, we expect to continue increasing our productivity in 2025 and beyond to create further operating leverage. We also continue to increase the rigor and discipline in our pricing and procurement efforts, resulting in improved AGP yields across our portfolio. With continued innovation in our digital brokerage and dynamic pricing and costing, we're responding surgically and faster than ever to dynamic market conditions by performing more frequent price discovery and enhancing the quality of the pricing that we deliver. Along with our operating model, this was a major contributor for the year-over-year improvement that we achieved during the seasonal market tightness and throughout 2024. But as I also said at our Investor Day, a digital-only approach has proven to be ineffective in the logistics industry due to the level of complexity and variation in freight characteristics that necessitate human expertise. The active role that our people play from a human-in-the-loop perspective leverages their deep domain expertise and drive feedback to our algorithms on a regular basis in the form of export market adjustments. And through our revenue management discipline, our teams are armed with intelligence on targeted countermeasures that they can take to implement a disciplined pricing strategy based on individual customer value propositions. Ultimately, we are innovating and disrupting from within to deliver on 3 items that are key to our strategy, transforming the customer and carrier experience to drive growth, delivering business model scalability and driving gross margin and operating margin expansion. With that, I'll turn the call over to Damon for a review of our fourth quarter results.
Damon Lee: Thanks, Arun, and good afternoon, everyone. As covered by Dave and the team, we delivered significant year-over-year improvement in operating income in Q4, driven by an increase in AGP while reducing cost through our operational discipline and productivity initiatives and thereby driving higher operating leverage. In the face of continued soft market volume and rising spot costs due to declining capacity, disciplined procurement of capacity and revenue management improved the quality of our volume and our AGP, which was up $66 million or 10.7% year-over-year, driven by a 25.6% increase in Global Forwarding and a 6.2% increase in NAST. On a monthly basis, compared to Q4 of last year, our total company AGP per business day was up 9% in October, up 6% in November and up 12% in December. From an expense standpoint, our total operating expenses, excluding restructuring charges, declined $15.3 million year-over-year. Q4 personnel expenses were $354.4 million, including $3.7 million of restructuring charges related to workforce reductions. Excluding restructuring charges in the current and prior year, our Q4 personnel expenses were $350.6 million, down $12.5 million due to our continued productivity and cost optimization efforts and despite an increase in incentive compensation related to our improved financial results. Our average Q4 headcount was down 9.5% compared to Q4 of last year. Moving to SG&A. Q4 expenses were $146.4 million, including a $12.6 million decrease in the loss related to the planned divestiture of our European Surface Transportation business and $9.5 million of other restructuring charges, primarily related to reducing our facilities footprint. Excluding these, SG&A expenses were $149.6 million, down $2.7 million year-over-year with the expense reduction across several expense categories. Turning to our 2025 annual operating expense guidance, we expect our personnel expenses to be $1.375 billion to $1.475 billion. This includes some headcount decline including those related to the planned divestiture of our Europe Surface Transportation business and driven by continued productivity improvements, partially offset by investments in our team as we reward the talented people that fuel our progress. We expect 2025 SG&A expenses to be $575 million to $625 million, including depreciation and amortization of $95 million to $105 million. Although most of our SG&A expenses are subject to inflation, we expect continued cost improvements to partially offset the inflationary impact. Shifting back to Q4. Our effective tax rate for the quarter, excluding the tax impact of restructuring charges, was 12.4%, resulting in a full year tax rate of 18.7%. We expect our 2025 full year effective tax rate to be in the range of 18% to 20%. Our capital expenditures in Q4 were $15.2 million, bringing our 2024 total to $74.3 million. For 2025, we expect capital expenditures to be $75 million to $85 million. From a balance sheet perspective, we ended Q4 with approximately $1.2 billion of liquidity comprised of $1.04 billion of committed funding under our credit facilities and a cash balance of $146 million. Our financial strength continues to be a key differentiator in our industry as it enables us to continue investing and improving our capabilities. Our debt balance at the end of Q4 was $1.38 billion, and our net debt to EBITDA leverage at the end of Q4 was 1.61x, down from 2.08x at the end of Q3. This was primarily driven by the improved performance of the business, and the resulting increase in our trailing 12-month EBITDA as well as a decrease in our net debt balance. Overall, Our Q4 financial results are a testament to our disciplined execution and our focus on profitable growth, and I am optimistic about our runway for further improvement. With that, I'll turn the call back to Dave for his final comments.
Dave Bozeman: Thanks, Damon. As I reflect on the noteworthy progress that we made in 2024, I'd like to thank the Robinson team for all the work they've put in to get to this point. I don't take their efforts and dedication for granted, and I commend them for helping us get more fit, fast and focused and for embracing the discipline that the new operating model demands. Our improved execution at the bottom of the freight cycle is delivering improved financial performance. We're making better and faster decisions on capturing the right freight at the right price to deliver a higher quality of volume. I believe the disciplines and practices that we have implemented at Robinson can endure through a prolonged freight recession through a market inflection and through any part of the freight cycle. As I've mentioned during the past year and at our Investor Day in December, all the changes we're making are aimed at our North Star of generating incremental operating income by focusing on growing market share and expanding our gross and operating margins. We expect to continue growing market share by reclaiming share in targeted segments and by leveraging our robust capabilities to power value-added services and solutions for our customers and carriers that drive new volume to our 4 core modes and expand our addressable market. We are optimizing our gross profit by monitoring key input metrics and responding faster to error states and changing market conditions with counter measures and innovative technology that improves our execution such as our dynamic costing and pricing tools and our digital brokerage capabilities. And we're improving our operating leverage and operating income margins by embedding lean practices, removing waste and expanding our digital capabilities, such as leading the logistics industry on implementation of the game-changing capabilities of Gen AI. We are arming our people with better tools and moving with greater clock speed and urgency to seize opportunities and solve problems in order to win now and to be ready for the eventual freight market rebound. On my first earnings call in August of 2023, I said that I look forward to leading this great company to new heights and sharing our progress with all of you along our journey. While there's still more grass to cut, I believe we're on the right path, and I'm pleased with the progress we've made on evolving our strategy and improving our execution by instilling discipline with our new operating model. This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll turn it back to the operator now for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Chris Wetherbee with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Wetherbee: Yes, hi, great. Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. I guess I wanted to kind of just make sure that I understood the approach that you're taking to the market as it stands today. So at the Investor Day, you outlined gross margin opportunities, also some productivity opportunities on operating margin expansion. And I think while you outperformed the market from a volume standpoint in NAST, I guess, TL was down in that 6.5% range. So I guess I just want to make sure I get some clarity on how do you think about those separate opportunities of the gross profit margins and then ultimately, the operating margins as we're in this type of market. So I guess, how should we expect you to try to balance those priorities, particularly as we turn over into 1Q and 2Q where maybe we're seeing some recovery, maybe we're not? It's still a little bit unclear.
Dave Bozeman: Yes. Hi, Chris. This is Dave. Good to hear from you, and good to see you at Investor Day. A number of things in what you said there, is certainly still is a very tough market out there for us, which is why I'm really proud of the team in how they're really navigating the waters here within NAST. I'm going to have Michael go a little bit deeper into the team and where you're getting at. And then we can also circle back to it as well when he's done it. We don't double quick enough on it. But Michael, let's go a little bit further on that one.
Michael Castagnetto: Yes. Thanks, Chris. I think you called out really what we're trying to make sure we accomplish, which is the quality of volume that we manage and execute for our customers and carriers. And Q4 continued to be a very competitive marketplace where demand is just not where the market needs it to be. And with that in mind, we're prioritizing, making sure that we hold the right freight that we deliver a very high level of service. And through the tools that we've implemented we were able to expand our gross margins in a rising cost market, which was a challenge we really set out for ourselves during some of the work you saw us talk about at Investor Day. And so really, to Dave's point, proud of the work the team did. Certainly, as we head into Q1 and Q2, we would want to share the same sentiment that you have that, hopefully, those shoots of volumes start to come forward. But even then, we're going to still maintain that discipline that we price things correctly, we haul the right freight, we meet our customer service expectations and we deliver strong bottom line numbers as a result.
Dave Bozeman: Yes, Chris. And then again, just to put a period on that, it's really about that flexibility with our model and where we're going. If we start seeing this thing inflect, Michael and team and the rest of the team across Robinson, as we said in Investor Day, we are prepared with the flexibility for when this market starts to come back, and again, driving that higher lows, if it's steadier throughout the year, we're prepared to continue to deliver what you're seeing here. So thanks for the question.
Chris Wetherbee: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bascome Majors with Susquehanna International Group. Please proceed with your question.
Bascome Majors: Thanks for taking my question. We're a couple of months removed from when you put the plan together to share with us in December. Just curious if you could walk through some of the cyclical puts and takes on the path to '26 as you feel today? And if there's any other leanings in either direction on any of your businesses compared to what we heard in early December? Thank you.
Damon Lee: Hi, Bascome. This is Damon. Look, certainly, Investor Day was a good event for us. I think our message came across loud and clear. We feel good about the targets we laid out in Investor Day and the mix of those targets between businesses and initiatives. So I would say there's not been any pivot or change from our position on how we laid out Investor Day in December and what we see today. So again, we feel good about the targets we laid out. We feel good about the path, in which we will deliver those targets. And you're touching on an exact reason on why we gave a range for the market, right? No one knows what the market is going to be between now and 2026. But we're going to control what we can control and keep the discipline. And as Michael mentioned, the focus on the quality of volume. And I think all of that will certainly line up to delivering those 2026 goals, the way we laid them out in December.
Bascome Majors: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ariel Rosa with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Ben Mohr: Hi, yes, this is Ben Mohr on for Ari. Thanks so much for taking our call. Great to see you guys at the Investor Day. On your two key areas for revenue growth, you mentioned enterprise versus SMB markets. What would you say you're in, in terms of inning for both of those? Is it more like seventh inning for enterprise, but a whole lot more like third inning for SMB? And then on your cross-selling opportunity as your second area, you noted 20% of Global Forwarding AGP growth comes from relationships that began at NAST and there could be more runway. How much opportunity is left from this cross-selling across your segments, would you say you're in the third inning there. I'd like to hear your thoughts on both these areas of growth?
Michael Castagnetto: Yes, Ben, this is Michael. Thanks for the question. I think the broad answer to everyone…
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, it seems like we may have technical difficulties. Please stand by. [Technical Difficulty] Ladies and gentlemen, we do have the speakers back in. We will now proceed with the Q&A session.
Michael Castagnetto: Ben, I think we'll re-answer. I think we cut off after your question. Your question was really what inning are we in our -- we gave some examples of verticals, you asked about SMB and then you also asked about the cross-selling opportunity. And overall, I'd say we're in early innings in all aspects of that business. We believe while we've done business in certain verticals for a long time and SMB is something that is core to our history and something we've done for a long time that we have a lot of runway in front of us in those areas to grow, but also to move up the value stack and deliver more and more capabilities and services to our customers. As you think about then that next stage of cross-selling, whether it's NAST to GF, GF back to NAST or the example we gave with our RMS announcement right before Investor Day of bringing those two teams together. We have a tremendous opportunity in front of us to maximize the value of one Robinson. And certainly, while we've seen the benefits of that, there's no way we could say that we've maximized that opportunity. And so we feel really good about what we presented back in December and feel really aligned to those opportunities. And more importantly, we're going to hold ourselves accountable to maximize the impact of the different aspects of our divisions and make sure we bring the full scale and capabilities of Robinson to all of our customers.
Dave Bozeman: Yes, Ben, and sorry for that interruption there. The only period I put on that on what Michael said, I just came off the road, I'm talking to the teams and they are really fired up on this. This certainly is early innings of this game. But from an SMB perspective, these guys are going out and getting it. We feel really good to Damon's question and answer to Bascome earlier, we feel really good about what we've laid out on this growth trajectory and the team is really aligned and Michael and team are doing a nice job on driving that accountability. So thanks for the question. And again, I apologize to everyone for the disruption.
Ben Mohr: Great. Thanks so much for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Ossenbeck: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. So I guess maybe for Michael, can you just give us some color if you can about maybe demand or indications of demand across any particular verticals and customers that you're speaking with? And then also along with those lines where you think we're sort of starting off the year within the bid season as things start to get ramped up here?
Michael Castagnetto: Yes. Thanks, Brian. I think what we saw in Q4 was a continuation of a marketplace that had very high adherence to route guides, a very, very competitive transactional space. And the team did a really nice job of really weaving through that for the best results we could deliver. An example of that is we feel really good about the health of our contractual business, our wins as we're going into those RFPs, saw -- we beat the Cash Shipment Index in our contractual space in Q4. So really lining up to that concept of the optionality we discussed earlier of making sure that when we're engaging customers directly on their business where we can bring the value proposition of Robinson to the table, we're winning. And then we're being really smart about the transactional business, we're winning on a day-to-day basis where incumbency has less value. And we aren't going to see the long-term benefits of getting super aggressive in that space based on the current market. You asked about kind of moving into Q1. Q1 is a traditionally heavy RFP space. And I'll just keep saying what I said about Q4 is we feel good about the strategy we have from a how we're engaging customers, our pricing strategy for that space. But we're not -- I wouldn't say we're seeing uptick yet in the overall demand in those RFPs. It continues to be a marketplace that's -- we're seeing impact of carrier exits, but we're not seeing impact of demand increases at this point.
Brian Ossenbeck: Okay. Appreciate that Mike. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tom Wadewitz with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes, great. Good afternoon. I wanted to see if you could offer some thoughts about -- and I apologize if I missed this earlier, but how do you think about truckload volume growth in '25? Do you think that's something that you transition to in second half? I guess you have to have under -- maybe your underlying view on how the market progresses. But do you think we should be optimistic that you get into that? And then I guess another component of that would be, you did have some weakness in truckload volume in 4Q focused on kind of the right loads and everything. When the market starts to tighten, do you think you get a bigger swing, a significant swing in the truckload volumes or do you think that's going to tend to be gradual?
Michael Castagnetto: Yes, Tom, thanks for the question. I think we want to make sure we continue to reiterate the optionality that we feel we have in truckload volume right now. We're taking a very disciplined approach for what volume is the right volume for us in the current marketplace. I don't think anyone on this call would give you a crystal ball of what we think is going to happen in 2025 from a volume perspective. I think everybody in our industry has been trying to predict that for the last 36 months. And it keeps extending. But I feel really good that when the market inflects, we will have the tools and the talent to maximize the impact of that inflection. We saw it seasonally in Q4 and then with the storms that happened again this January. And we said it in our prepared comments that our performance was markedly different and that I just couldn't be more proud of the team in how they managed a situation where seasonal cost increases, storm-related events and we're handling that in a much more disciplined and effective manner.
Tom Wadewitz: What about when you see the swing? Do you think that the way you're set up, you might have kind of a big step-up in volume or do you think it ends up being just more gradual?
Michael Castagnetto: I think, Tom, it would depend on the type of swing. And that's the part we're -- listen, we do mockups, we do testing of what we think will happen and we're prepared for it. But I think we all have to make sure we do the right thing depending on how that inflection happens and whether it's a gradual inflection or a very quick turnaround. Where I am confident is regardless of what it is, I think we have the tools and talent to execute against it.
Tom Wadewitz: Okay, great. Makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Hoexter with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Hoexter: Hi, great. Good afternoon. Maybe just a little bit on the forwarding side. Can you talk about given how far, I guess, maybe the squeeze we've already seen on rates and then what, I guess, could happen as maybe shipping starts to return to some normal shipping patterns, how that impacts the forwarding side? And then any side thoughts on headcount as well?
Damon Lee: Hi, Ken. Thanks for the question. So as we laid out in Investor Day, as part of our 2026 OY [ph], Walker or Bridge, we did have an item in there related to rate normalization. And that was both rate normalization for truckload and rate normalization for global forwarding. So as the forwarding market returns to call it more normalized levels of rates, we have taken that into consideration as we've built our path forward for 2026. So I'd reference you as far as the net impact of that for the enterprise, I would reference you back to the net $10 million headwind that we showed by 2026 for rate normalization for the enterprise. And certainly, you've got tailwind coming from truckload in that $10 million and then you've got headwind coming from ocean rate normalization from our forwarding business. Specifically to your question around head count, as Dave mentioned in his opening comments, the Global Forwarding team did a fantastic job in 2024, debunking the thesis that we can't separate headcount from volume growth. In fact, it's no longer a theory, in our Global Forwarding business, it's actually a fact. And in 2024, that business demonstrated decoupling headcount from growth throughout the year. And certainly, those lessons we've learned, those tools and skills that we've honed to execute that in 2024, we'll forward into 2025 to whatever market we see from a forwarding perspective.
Tom Wadewitz: So, just to clarify your comment on the rates going back to normalization on Investor Day, I totally remember the slides. But do you think that's kind of where we're settling out as things get back to normal historical? Or do you think given the amount of capacity added on, we start seeing maybe additional pressure on those -- on the shipping rates?
Damon Lee: Yes. So our view hasn't changed and consistent with what we laid out in Investor Day. We see the ocean rates normalizing back to the levels we saw in the second half of 2023. So that's the math that supported our ROI bridge and market normalization assumptions at Investor Day, and we stick to that viewpoint as of today.
Tom Wadewitz: Sounds good, appreciate the time, thanks.
Damon Lee: Thanks, Tom.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jon Chappell with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Chappell: Thank you. Good afternoon. I know we touched on a lot here, but just kind of a bigger picture question, thinking about the path forward. You're obviously very focused on profitability thresholds that you want to hit. You've done a great job on the cost side. At a certain point, the market will come back and you're going to want to get your share or better at volume. So how do you think about balancing this desire to win back the Robinson share or, again better while still keeping some of these profitability threshold that you set for yourself over the last year?
Dave Bozeman: Yes, Jon, good to hear from you. A couple of things on that question. One, it's everything we've been really discussing and that we laid out in Investor Day as well, we have put together our operating model discipline that sets us up for the basis of that question. And that's with our people being at the forefront of that strategy and technology giving them the tools to drive that technology. That's going to allow us to really drive growth that we've talked about in the verticals. It's going to allow us to drive and take share in our small and medium business segment. And on top of that, when the market inflects, we have a history that will drive the transactional space as well. So we have optionality built into our model, and we feel really good about that. So the key point is be it a slow burn or be it an aggressive turn, we've set ourselves up to really be ready for either one. And our team is really attacking what we can control and the cards that are dealt with us, but we are prepared for either scenario. We can double click a little bit more with that one.
Michael Castagnetto: Yes. I think the question you're asking is a good one. But where we feel comfortable is that each marketplace creates different scenarios in the current marketplace, pricing is low. Our advantage is really through our pricing and costing engines that we've been able to implement with our team and really as we've said, increase the quality of our volume and making sure that we're getting that right combination of volume and margin. In a different marketplace where costing is moving and pricing is moving, we think we still have the best tools in the industry to then provide us the opportunity to pick up freight and win share. We need to be able to do both and our expectation of ourselves as we will do both. And we've consistently been able to do that throughout 2024. And I have confidence in the team that we'll do that when the market in flex and continuing into 2025.
Dave Bozeman: Yes, Jon, and hopefully, at Investor Day, we laid out those physicals to show you why we feel confident about that. But thanks.
Jon Chappell: Absolutely, Dave. Thanks. Bye.
Dave Bozeman: Operator, next question, please.
Chuck Ives: Apologies, everyone. We seem to have lost our operator. So given that we can't get the operator back on the line, I think we're going to have to end the call. Apologies. Please feel free to reach out to me afterwards with follow-up questions, and we'll answer those questions for you. Thank you.
Dave Bozeman: We may have our operator back. We'll hang on a second.
Operator: I'm sorry, we had some technical difficulties. If we're ready to proceed, we do. Our next question will be from David Hicks with Raymond James. Please proceed.
David Hicks: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I also just wanted to kind of hit back on the Global Forwarding segment kind of just given the development in the Middle East. What are you hearing from the ocean liners on a return to the Red Sea/Suez Canal route? And how does that kind of change the pace or timing of AGP per shipment and forwarding coming back to those second half '23 bubbles that you mentioned?
Dave Bozeman: David, this is Dave Bozeman. And thanks for the question. When it comes to the ship lines, certainly, the situation of Red Sea is a situation that's still ongoing. I mean it takes time for the ship lines to really adjust back into normal operations. I think what we see from them is they are evaluating the situation. We don't see a full out sailings through the Suez Canal. They're still on their normal sailings around the horn. And so we're monitoring that closely. But at this point, it's still a situation of monitor. We don't know exactly the timing of when that will shift. When it does, we'll certainly be front and center there. Damon, anything on…
Damon Lee: Yes, David, I would just add that, look, our viewpoint is that carriers won't immediately return to the Red Sea. I mean we're seeing some activity there. But we believe for it to return to levels of normalcy that it will take time for that to happen. So nothing happens quickly overnight in the shipping world. And so as Dave mentioned, we're monitoring it. We're controlling what we control, and we'll certainly service our customers based on what the market yields.
David Hicks: Great, appreciate it. Thanks, guys.
Chuck Ives: Operator, are you still connected to put the next question through please? Apologies, everyone. We seem to have lost our operator again. So this is the conclusion of our call. Have a great evening, and we look forward to talking to you again. Thank you.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Third Quarter 2024 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the company’s prepared remarks, we will open the line for a live question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, October 30, 2024. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chuck Ives, Director of Investor Relations.
Chuck Ives: Thank you, Donna, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today is Dave Bozeman, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Arun Rajan, our Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer; Michael Castagnetto, our President of North American Surface Transportation; and Damon Lee, our Chief Financial Officer. I’d like to remind you that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. Slide 2 in today’s presentation list factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management’s expectations. Our earnings presentation slides are supplemental to our earnings release and can be found in the Investors section of our website at investor.chrobinson.com. Our prepared comments are not intended to follow the slides. If we do refer to specific information on the slides, we’ll let you know which slide we’re referencing. Today’s remarks also contains certain non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of those measures to GAAP measures are included in the presentation. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Bozeman: Thank you, Chuck. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I’d first like to acknowledge the challenges that many communities are facing after the recent hurricanes to hit the Southeastern U.S. Many of our employees were impacted, and I’m proud of the incredible support that our company and our employees provided to help those in need and our customers. The commitment and compassion are truly inspiring and it makes me extremely proud to be part of this team. Turning to the quarter. I’m pleased with our third quarter results that reflect continued improvement in our execution as we continue to deploy our new operating model. We are raising the bar even in a historically prolonged freight recession with strong execution and disciplined volume growth across divisions, while delivering exceptional service for our customers and carriers. I want to thank our people, one of our greatest competitive advantages for their relentless efforts to embrace our new operating model and execute in a fit, fast and focused way so we can keep pushing that bar higher. Due to a focus on constantly testing market conditions and optimizing yield, we improved the quality of our volume in Q3 and continue to expand our NAST gross profit margin. We also continue to push our efficiency to higher levels in both NAST and Global Forwarding, and we remain on track to deliver greater than 30% compound growth in productivity over the two-year period from the end of 2022 to the end of 2024. Michael will cover the NAST results in a little bit, but I’d like to give our Global Forwarding team some recognition as well. In Q3, the team continued to be nimble and highly engaged with our customers to help them navigate various market disruptions and to provide excellent service. This resulted in a 7% year-over-year increase in our ocean shipments and a 20% increase our air tonnage. At the same time, they’ve embraced the rigor and the discipline driven by our operating model, and they’ve decoupled headcount growth from volume growth, reduced their headcount by more than 10% year-over-year and lowered their cost to serve. This improved operating leverage, combined with elevated ocean rates resulted in a 230% year-over-year increase in Global Forwarding’s Q3 adjusted income from operations. This combined with our improvements in NAST gross margin, productivity and operating leverage resulted in a 75% increase in our enterprise Q3 adjusted income from operations. Our new operating model has changed how we discover and inspect root cause issues and quickly implement countermeasures to improve the level of our operational execution. The reliability of our operating reviews continues to increase as we leverage our data-rich environment to inform our decision-making and enhance our competitive differentiation. At an organizational level, we continue to cascade the operating model deeper into the organization and build operational muscle at various levels of the enterprise to deliver on our strategic roadmap. As part of this effort, an evolving tool kit is being used by our employees in the form of problem resolution, balanced scorecard reviews, daily management and value stream mapping to name a few. Empowering our people with the Robinson operated model is creating a flywheel of performance, talent development and accountability that is evolving our culture to be driven by progress, execution and proactive problem identification and resolution. This has shown up in improvements such as more disciplined pricing and better decisions on the volume that we’re seeking. We are still early in our journey, but the operating model is helping us execute a solid strategy even better, and we expect further improvement as our team continues to embrace this new way of operating. As I’ve said before, I know from my past experiences of implementing lean operating models that improvement isn’t always linear, but I’m confident in the team’s willingness and ability to drive a higher and more consistent level of discipline in our operational execution. As freight markets continue to fluctuate due to seasonal, cyclical and geopolitical factors, we remain focused on what we can control, including deploying our new operating model, providing best-in-class service to our customers and carriers gaining profitable share in targeted market segments, streamlining our processes, applying lean principles and leveraging generative AI to drive out waste and optimize our cost. We also continue to focus on ensuring that we’ll be ready for the eventual freight market rebound with a disciplined operating model that responsibly grows market share, decouples headcount growth from volume growth and drives operating leverage. I’ll turn it over to Michael now to provide more details on our NAST results.
Michael Castagnetto: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Supported by our new operating model and armed with innovative tools, our team of freight experts is responding to the challenging freight environment, and we are acting more quickly and more effectively to provide solutions to our customers and carriers and to improve the quality of our volume. In Q3, we delivered further optimization of our adjusted gross profit per truckload, which increased 21% year-over-year and 5% sequentially. Compared to a year ago, the improvement is being driven by better pricing discipline in new management process that we’ve stood up and a cost of higher advantage delivered by our procurement teams and the growing usage of our digital brokerage capabilities. All of this led to significant improvement in the AGP yield within our transactional truckload business and a 180 basis point improvement in our NAST gross margin. From a volume standpoint, we continue to be in a prolonged freight recession, as Dave mentioned. The cash freight shipment index was down 2.8% year-over-year in Q3, and except for the pandemic year of 2020, the Q3 index is the lowest Q3 reading the industry has seen since 2010. In this environment, our total NAST volume increase [indiscernible] 2.5% increase in LTL volume and a 3.5% decrease in truckload volume. Our team is continuously testing the best combination of volume and margin to deliver the quality of earnings that we’re targeting. We know we have the optionality to increase our volume when the conditions are right. But right now, our tests are showing us that pursuing volume beyond what we delivered wouldn’t result in sufficient profit. We are ready to pivot when it makes sense to do so, but we’re going to maintain our discipline. From a market balance perspective – continue to be in a drawn out stage of capacity oversupply. Although carrier attrition is occurring, it remains at a slower pace and not enough to materially impact the overall market. After experiencing some upward pressure during produce season, load-to-truck ratios retreated to 4:1 or lower for most of Q3. Looking ahead, Q4 is typically a seasonally weaker quarter compared to Q3. The 10-year average of the cash freight shipment index, excluding the pandemic impacted year of 2020 and reflects a 3.3% sequential decline from Q3 to Q4. As Dave said, we remain focused on what we can control. Our people and their unmatched expertise enable us to deliver exceptional service and greater value to our customers. In line with the disciplined and focused approach to capture growth opportunities in targeted customer segments, we have invested in our sales organization, and we will continue to support our people with industry-leading tech and solutions to enhance their capabilities. As we recently announced, one of those solutions is our growing drop trailer offering, which is nearly a $1 billion business for us. The breadth of our carrier network and the associated trailer pool provides us with the flexibility to customize a drop trailer program for our customers and to best meet their needs and we’re now the fourth largest drop trailer provider in North America. We’ll continue to lean into this offering and our other capabilities to responsibly capture market share growth. I’ll turn it over to Arun now to provide an update on the innovation we’re delivering to strengthen our customer and carrier experience, increase AGP yield and improve operating leverage.
Arun Rajan: Thanks, Michael, and good afternoon, everyone. In the third quarter, we continued to make progress on a number of important fronts, including scaling our process innovations and our use of generative AI. From a process standpoint, we continue to increase the rigor and discipline in our pricing and procurement efforts, resulting in improved AGP yields across our portfolio. With continued innovation in our digital brokerage and dynamic pricing and costing we’re responding surgically and faster than ever of the dynamic market conditions. On an annual basis, we’re now generating over 215 million algorithm-driven spot rates across truckload and LTL, enabling digital connectivity for our customers. And by way of continuous experimentation, we're performing more frequent price discovery and enhancing the quality of the pricing that we deliver. The continuous learning of our algorithms is not just through experimentation, but also from the active role that our people play from a human-in-the-loop perspective to drive continuous feedback to our algorithms on a regular basis in the form of expert market adjustments. Our revenue management discipline and tools are also contributing to our improved yield management. As we focus on optimizing yield, our teams are armed with intelligence and surgical countermeasures that can be taken to implement a disciplined, pricing strategy based on individual customer value propositions. We also continue to scale our use of GenAI across the lifecycle of an order. Whether being used to automate customer quoting, order entry, load tenders, appointment scheduling or other manual tasks, our GenAI tools and capabilities are enabling us to respond faster than ever to customers and carriers and to dynamic market conditions. The reduction of manual touches by the growing use of our GenAI tools is freeing up time that our customer and carrier facing employees can devote to relationship building, exception management and value added solutioning. In addition to improving the customer and carrier experience, GenAI is contributing to our productivity gains and will enable us to effectively scale our operations when the market returns to growth. Our productivity is on track to our 2024 goals which will enable us to increase our NAST and Global Forwarding shipments per person per day by more than 30% over the two-year period of 2023 and 2024. Our productivity improvements won't end in 2024 and they serve as critical inputs into our plan to create further operating leverage. This is a core part of our enterprise strategy along with responsibly growing market share and expanding gross margin to greater operational discipline and innovative technology that improves our execution. I look forward to our upcoming Investor Day where we'll go deeper on these strategies. With that, I'll turn the call over to Damon for a review of our third quarter results.
Damon Lee: Thanks Arun and good afternoon everyone. This quarter we delivered significant year-over-year improvement in operating income driven by an increase in adjusted gross profit or AGP, while controlling cost through our productivity initiatives and thereby driving higher operating leverage. Disciplined revenue management and procurement of capacity in the face of continued soft freight market conditions improved the quality of our volume and benefited our AGP, which was up a $100 million or 15.8% year-over-year. On a monthly basis compared to Q3 of last year our total company AGP per business day was up 13% in July, up 18% in August and up 11% in September. Within our two largest businesses of NAST and Global Forwarding, AGP, operating income and adjusted operating margin all improved on both a year-over-year and a sequential basis. And while elevated ocean rates are benefiting our forwarding business, the continued discipline that our people are showing as they embrace our operating model has enabled both businesses to be more fit, fast and focused and to grow operating margins. As we look forward Q4 is typically a seasonally weaker quarter from a volume and gross profit perspective. Michael mentioned the typical sequential volume decline that the trucking market experiences in the fourth quarter. From a Global Forwarding perspective, there are several indications that customers pulled forward some of their peak season ocean freight due to the ongoing concerns about geopolitical issues and capacity disruptions, including the Red Sea conflict and the potential for labor disruptions at the east coast and gulf coast ports of the U.S. this could dampen ocean demand in Q4. Additionally, ocean rates have steadily declined since early July. Given the mix of contractual and transactional volume in our ocean business, the impact of changing market rates generally takes one to two months to flow through to our average profit per shipment. Consequently, we began to see the negative impact from declining rates in our profit per shipment in September and we expect this to continue in Q4. From an expense standpoint, our total operating expenses excluding a loss on the planned sale of our European surface transportation business and other restructuring charges were down $3.2 million year-over-year. Q3 personnel expenses were $361.6 million, including $2.9 million of restructuring charges related to workforce reductions. Excluding restructuring charges in the current and prior year, our Q3 personnel expenses were $358.6 million, up $18 million or 5.3%. This was driven by an increase in incentive compensation related to improved financial results and was partially offset by our continued productivity and cost optimization efforts. Our average Q3 headcount was down 9.6% compared to Q3 last year. We continue to expect our 2024 personnel expenses excluding restructuring to be below the midpoint of a $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion range. This includes an expectation that headcount will be relatively flat in Q4 compared to the end of Q3. Moving to SG&A, Q3 expenses were $193.6 million, including a $57 million loss on the planned sale of our European Surface Transportation business or EST and $1.5 million of other restructuring charges. Excluding these SG&A expenses were $135 million, down $21.3 million or 13.6% year-over-year. The expense reduction was across several expense categories as we continued to eliminate non-value added spending. We now expect SG&A expenses for the full year excluding the planned sale of EST and restructuring charges to be toward the low-end of the guidance range of $575 million to $625 million. SG&A expenses include depreciation and amortization, which we still expect to be $90 million to $100 million in 2024. Our effective tax rate in Q3 excluding the planned sale of EST and restructuring charges was 24.2%. This results in a year-to-date tax rate of 20.8% and we now expect our 2024 full year effective tax rate to be in the range of 18% to 20%. Our capital expenditures in Q3 were $17.3 million, bringing our year-to-date total to $59.1 million. We now expect 2024 capital expenditures to be $75 million to $85 million compared to the previously provided guidance of toward the lower-end of $85 million to $95 million. From a balance sheet perspective, we ended Q3 with approximately $1 billion of liquidity comprised of $860 million of committed funding under our credit facilities and a cash balance of $132 million. Our financial strength continues to be a key differentiator in our industry as it enables us to continue investing and improving our capabilities even through a prolonged freight recession. As a result, we expect to emerge stronger when the market tightens. Our debt balance at the end of Q3 was $1.56 billion and our net debt-to-EBITDA leverage at the end of Q3 was 2.08 times down from 2.4 times at the end of Q2. This was primarily driven by the performance of the business and the resulting increase in our trailing 12-month EBITDA as well as a decrease in our net debt balance. Overall our Q3 financial results are a testament to our execution with a focus on margin expansion and discipline on how we run the company. I'm optimistic about where we're going and I look forward to meeting many of you at our upcoming Investor Day. With that, I'll turn the call back to Dave for his final comments.
Dave Bozeman: Thanks, Damon. As we strive to get more fit, fast and focus and deliver higher highs and higher lows over the course of market cycles. I'm pleased with our improving execution at the bottom of the free cycle. I want to commend our people for continuing to learn and embrace the changes that the new operating model is driving. We're making better and faster decisions on capturing the right freight at the right price to deliver a higher quality of volume and financial results. As I've mentioned before, all the changes we're making are aimed at our North Star of generating incremental operating income. We will do this by focusing on growing market share and expanding our gross and operating margins. We'll continue to grow market share by reclaiming share in targeted segments by leveraging our robust capabilities to power customer-centric solutions and by expanding our addressable market, through value-added services and solutions for our customers and carriers to drive new volume to our four core modes. We'll also be more intentional with our go-to-market strategy to drive additional synergies and cross-selling across our portfolio. We'll optimize our gross profit by monitoring key input metrics and responding faster to error states and changing market conditions with countermeasures and innovative technology that improves our execution. And we'll expand our operating income margins by embedding lean practices, removing waste and expanding our digital capabilities. This will enable us to strengthen our productivity and optimize our organization structure to be the most efficient operator in addition to the highest value provider. While there's a lot more work to do, I'm pleased with the progress we've made on evolving our strategy and improving our execution by instilling discipline with our new operating model. We're arming our people with better tools and moving with greatest clock speed and urgency to seize opportunities and solve problems in order to win now and to be ready for the eventual freight market rebound. We'll share more about our strategy, how we'll execute that strategy and the resulting financial targets at our upcoming 2024 Investor Day on December 12. This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll turn it back to Donna now for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Today's first question is coming from Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: Hi. Yes. Good afternoon. Let's see, and nice to see the strong results. I wanted to see if you could give a little more comment on maybe how we might think about the NAST operating margin and gross margin in 4Q. I think there were – you said maybe stable headcount sequentially and talked about cash freight shipments index, the normal sequential decline. But I just wanted to see if you could give any thoughts on kind of improvement or deterioration sequentially? And then another, I guess, related to those, how do we think about key drivers in 2025 for those two metrics for NAST gross margin and operating margin? Does it become more market-driven or is there still a lot left for C.H. Robinson to do that's truly company-specific? Thank you.
Michael Castagnetto: Hey Tom, this is Michael. Thank you very much for the question. I think as we said earlier, we're really proud of the work the team has done to be really disciplined in how we've managed a pretty tough part of this cycle. We continue to believe that our industry-leading costing and pricing engines gives us an opportunity to keep doing the work we're doing and keep that measurement moving forward. As we look in terms of our expectations of operating margin and leverage, really we're going to continue to control what we can control in terms of the marketplace. And from an internal perspective, we have a lot of confidence in the productivity initiatives that we've implemented and really have enacted more of an evergreen mentality that we're going to continue to work and drive for constant improvement. We've set some pretty lofty goals for the last two years in terms of a combined 30% improvement of productivity, and we feel we're on path for that throughout the rest of 2024. And beyond that, certainly, we expect those numbers to slow a bit. You just can't maintain that high level of a drive, but we have expectations of ourselves to get better, whether it's each quarter or into 2025.
Dave Bozeman: Yes. Tom, this is Dave. Just to add on to that, continue to – I like the muscle that we're building and that we're seeing. We're team is getting smarter every day and wiser every day as we continue to deploy the model, problem solving is going throughout the organization. This will help as we continue to prepare ourselves for the rebound. And as Michael said, our mentality is continuous improvement every day and certainly every year, and so it's a never stopped game for us at this point in the cycle, which is a really, really tough cycle. So I'm super proud of the team and how they're standing up on the higher highs, higher lows and certainly the higher lows right now.
Tom Wadewitz: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Jon Chappell of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Jon Chappell: Thank you. Good afternoon. Dave, you said before, the processes are never ending, but you've also mentioned a couple of times that they're non-linear either a point as we get we're looking at SG&A at the low-end of your range with the personnel expenses at the low-end of the range you set out earlier this year. Is there a point where it just becomes more difficult to garner any more productivity and margin expansion without getting some help from a broader market volume tailwind?
Dave Bozeman: Yes, Jon, good to hear from you. No, you're right. This thing continues to go. What we said before is – and again, I can't tell you how proud I am of the team with the 15% last year and exceeding that and then in another 15% from a NAST perspective this year and continue to drive that. But the way we look at it is, even as you go into the out years, there will always be continuous improvement. Now certainly, Jon, we want that market rebound to happen. But the mentality that we have is control which you can control and that's just continuous improvement on processes and things that we do every day. So even in a rebound market, you should still always continually improve with the model that we have and that's some of the tech that we've leaned into. So I'll have Arun jump in here as well, but it's a good question, and it's a different question on how we looked at it yesterday versus how we look today on our mentality of continuous improvement.
Arun Rajan: Yes. Yes, Jon, to Dave's point, this notion of evergreen improvements, whether it be productivity, gross margin expansion or volume growth. We have a number of strategic initiatives that power all of them. And there's always new technology or new capabilities that power them. So as an example on productivity yes, we made a ton of progress already. However, there's still opportunity with Gen AI and new technologies that come out. So I think that's the way to think about it. Each of these things have additional strategic initiatives and momentum going to 2025 and forward.
Jon Chappell: Great. Thanks Arun. Thanks Dave.
Dave Bozeman: Yes. You got it.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Brian Ossenbeck: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe this one is for Michael, when you look at the market, obviously it was a bit tight in July and then has come back in to really be sub-seasonal and still kind of soft when you look at the broader truckload market. So what are you looking at in terms of conditions and what do we need here to see the market turn? We saw price above cost per mile on a year-over-year basis. I mean in the past, that's meant sort of different things, but as we look forward to an improvement in inflection. What are you looking for? And what's sort of your best guess when we might start to see that? Thank you.
Michael Castagnetto: Hey Brian thanks for the question. And I think you're asking the question we're all trying to figure out exactly when that's going to happen. You described the quarter pretty accurately, right? We had some tightness in the market in July. It definitely softened and gave ground throughout the rest of the quarter. And we are continuing to see capacity exit. But as we said earlier, it's not exiting at the rate that's creating an inflection in the marketplace. And if you look back at traditional cycles, and we're not in what I'd call a traditional cycle at this point is far into the low-end of the cycle for this long. You need a demand inflection to truly get the market to repair. I think continued capacity exits will help the market stabilize. And we've been bouncing along the bottom for a while here, but we're still not to a point where I'd say it's stable. Really, for us to see a true market inflection, we're going to need to see more demand – really more reaction from that customer base of longer-term consistent demand increases. And we see small pockets, we feel really good about how we're positioning ourselves with our customers to be ready for that. How we're positioning ourselves with our carriers to be ready for that. And to Dave's point, we think our team has done a really good job managing through this extended freight recession, but we're not seeing right now a whole lot of customer activity that would say this has a shorter end. And so we're really planning to do what David said, which is we're going to deliver higher lows during this part of the cycle, and we think we're in a really good spot to react when that inflection does happen.
Brian Ossenbeck: All right. Thanks Michael. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Jeff Kauffman of Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you very much and congratulations. I know you talked a little bit about the pull forward, but I'd just like to dig a little deeper into that. In that of the revenue growth a pretty extreme revenue growth in 3Q, what's your best guess at how much of that improvement would have represented pull forward? And if we were to try to think about is the market normalizing in the fourth quarter or through the first quarter of the year, what kind of pullback do you think we could see outside the normal season now?
Dave Bozeman: Yes, Jeff, thanks for the question here. Jeff, it's something that we've been examining and talking through. What I would tell you is that the pull through and because, obviously, we have Global Forwarding and NAST, you have to kind of break this down a bit. Number one, we don't – I'm going to tell you, it's not material from a pull-forward perspective. Now the two businesses are a bit different. Like from Global Forwarding, you could say that there was some pull forward that we would have saw in that business. We don't necessarily see that in truckload per se. So it's two different businesses that we look at here. So I'm kind of calling it like nonmaterial and truckload and a bit because of how shippers were looking at it on Global Forwarding, that we had to manage. So you can understand the complexities there, but that's how I would say it. I don't know if, Michael, you would add on to that, but...
Damon Lee: No. I would just add, Jeff, this is Damon that Q4 for both businesses is typically a seasonally weaker quarter. And so you'll certainly have that dynamic factor in as well from a sequential basis.
Jeff Kauffman: So I guess where I'm going is there was a $300 million sequential revenue pickup on a gross revenue basis, give or take. Could we be looking at the fourth quarter, it looks a lot more like the second quarter. I was just looking for a little guidance in terms of how material of that $300 million jump, what do you think is normalization?
Dave Bozeman: Yes. I don't know that I'd go that far, Jeff and see that. I mean, if you look at, again rates for Global Forwarding, they're going to start slowing down and following into seasonality, as Damon said. So again, we're looking at this every day, and I understand how you're trying to look at modeling it as well. It's just the market that we're in, and we're dealing with that market that we're in and executing to what we can control there. So I wouldn't say, though, that it would follow kind of a 2Q thing.
Damon Lee: I agree.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you.
Dave Bozeman: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Ken Hoexter of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Hey good afternoon and great job in benefiting from the ocean and forwarding rate inflection. I guess my question would be on if we get inflection in spot, not when we get, but when I guess, when it approaches, how do you think that impacts the business in the new operating model? Does it make you more fluid? Should we expect your ability to fluctuate with spot rates to be a bit quicker – and then I guess to follow on that, are you seeing any of those signs in the firming between the rates and costs at this point or not yet?
Michael Castagnetto: Hey Ken, thank you for the question. This is Michael. I think the first – I'll break it down into both sides. So on the first side, I think the new operating model will do all the things you asked, which is, will it give us better capabilities, information and speed in which we act 100%, right? And that's really what we're working with the team on is how do we take our industry-leading data and information set and get it into their hands faster and more effectively. And I think we're doing that better than we ever have. That's positioning us to be ready for that market inflection and more importantly, to be having those conversations with our customers, in advance of the market inflection around how we want to handle that. We do scenario planning both on the capacity and customer side throughout to understand the best way to handle what an inflection could look like, whether it's a quick spike or more of a long drawn-out increase, and we feel we're really ready for either scenario. In terms of the second question, are we seeing signs of that? The short answer is no. We're seeing good activity from our teams; building good relationships; feel we're winning in the contractual space, picking up wallet share. But the truth is route guides are performing incredibly well. There's not a lot of freight that's flowing out of that into the transactional spot market. And in that spot market, it's incredibly competitive. And I think we're doing the right job to be disciplined in that space to win the right freight for us and for our customers that we service it correctly, really proud of our NPS scores are the highest we've seen in years, and I think that's a reflection of the team's work and making sure that we – the freight we do land, we execute, we deliver when and how our customers want to. But the truth is, is that there's not been a whole lot of market activity that would say there's a whole lot of inflection and certainly not in Q3 and really we're not expecting much in Q4.
Ken Hoexter: And you've given a, oh go ahead, sorry, Dave, yes.
Dave Bozeman: Yes, Ken, I wanted to pile on a little bit there what Michael said. But really going back to the beginning of your question, I just want to – and I don't – I'm sure you meant it this way as well. I mean, one, the – we did benefit from rates in Global Forwarding because that's the market. But it's really important to understand and break that apart. Super proud of that team because this operating model isn't just a NAST operating model or a particular division, it's a company operating model. And so the work that's going on in our business within Global Forwarding, just like NAST, is one where we're working to decouple headcount growth and volume growth. So there is a level of discipline that I would say that's there today that we benefited from and grown from and how we run that business, that's efficiency in evergreen that – and I'm sure you've seen that. I just want to call that out. And then secondly, for the NAST team, these guys were extremely hard in a super, super tough market. And the discipline that Michael was talking about and the operating model principles that these guys are running on daily from speed of decision to daily execution and discipline of what they take really does speak of forward-looking and that discipline won't go away when the market starts to inflect as well. So hats off to both operating divisions just from a disciplined perspective. I just wanted to make that clear that is just not maybe all rate in GF and is certainly discipline in execution in NAST that sets us up for where this market decides to go.
Ken Hoexter: Thank you Dave. Appreciate it. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey. Thanks. Good afternoon. So when I look at your – the chart with truckload pricing and cost, right, pricing has turned a little positive year-over-year, cost still a little negative. And if I think back on prior cycles, I feel like it's usually where the cost goes positive first and you get squeezed a little bit and then eventually catch up. So I guess I'm wondering; why do you think it's a little different this time? And does this mean in your mind, when we get that eventual inflection, we won't get squeezed. And so if you’re right, that costs are up, spot costs up 9% next year, do you think you would outpace that with price?
Dave Bozeman: Yes, Scott, thanks for the question. I think on the short term, minor moves in our overall costing are driven by a lot of factors, but I do think we’re making good decisions on how we price freight both in the contractual and spot markets that we’re pricing it more intelligently, more specifically to the characteristics of the customer, the characteristics of the load. And I think it’s more reflective of a better and more intelligent pricing process. As we think about going forward, listen, any change in the market will still feel a squeeze. The key for us is to do it better and get through it faster than we have in the past. And so we’re anticipating that when that change happens. And certainly, we’re hoping it happens as much as anybody, right? The idea, though, is that our team is better planned better situated to have intelligent conversations with our customers and really plan out what is a solution that gets them to where they need to be to manage their supply chains. This is obviously an extremely long elongated freight recession. And so it makes those conversations a bit more unique. We’re now into our second and sometimes third contractual pricing period in this low end of the cycle, which is usually not the case. And so that changes those conversations with customers. And we feel really good that the team is having intelligent conversations. But as we mentioned before, we have the optionality to handle this in a couple of different ways. And we’re constantly testing how to do that, both in the current market and where the market will go. And I’ve been here almost 27 years. And I can tell you, I think we’re putting the best information in our people’s hands than we ever have. And I think they’re in the best position they’ve ever been so that when this market inflects, sure, we’re going to feel it like anybody would. But I think we’re going to get through those conversations more intelligently and quicker than we have in the past.
Scott Group: Makes sense. Thank you guys.
Dave Bozeman: You're welcome. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Daniel Imbro of Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Daniel Imbro: Good evening, guys. Thanks for taking our questions. Dave, maybe one on the personnel cost side. I think on the quarter, head count was down 1% sequentially, but adjusted personnel costs were still up about 2% sequentially and then back to growing year-over-year. I guess the question is this a new model where it’s fewer heads, but it’s higher comp per head. And so we’re past the period of personnel cost declining – and should we expect total personnel exit to continue increasing in the coming quarters, especially if we do any market tightness and you have to add back people? Thanks.
Dave Bozeman: Thanks for the question, Daniel. So certainly, we’re not in a situation where cost per head is going up versus historical trends. The dynamic you’re seeing in Q3 is related to variable compensation. So as our financial results improve, the variable compensation goes along with that. So the trend that we’ve illustrated and talked about around evergreen productivity and decoupling headcount from volume is still very much in place. And the volatility you saw in Q3 is purely related to variable compensation.
Daniel Imbro: Is variable compensation per broker out there that are going to continue? So if we have periods of strong profitability, there will always be a higher incentive compensation, so total comp per head still goes up?
Dave Bozeman: I think it’s relative to the sequential comps and I think it’s relative to our own expectation of performance.
Daniel Imbro: Got it. Excellent.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Chris Wetherbee of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Hey, thanks. Good afternoon, guys. I wanted to ask on NAST head specifically. So I think we’ve seen kind of eight or nine quarters in a row of sequential declines there. And maybe the guidance is kind of flattening out for the fourth quarter. I guess as we think about it, conceptually, are we getting to the point where you now feel like with the technology, you’ve enabled the productivity initiatives? We’re at the right kind of equilibrium between the freight market and where you sit from a resource perspective. I don’t know if that’s too presumptions. But want to get a sense of kind of how you think about it? Or can there be incremental legs lower in terms of maybe broadly resources if the freight market doesn’t kind of respond positively as we move into 2025?
Michael Castagnetto: Yes. Thank you, Chris. This is Michael. I think what you’re seeing with us is the continued work we’ve had as we’ve enacted the productivity work. We’ve implemented technology improvements and system improvements, whether it’s a combination of Gen AI or just process improvement through our teams getting better at what they do. I think we’re past maybe the historical headcount declines because of the market declines. We’re in headcount workforce planning because we’re getting better at what we’re doing. And the operating model is allowing us to really look at our business differently. And so I would say we have an expectation that we are going to decouple headcount from volume growth as we go forward. And as the market continues or changes, we expect ourselves to drive continuous productivity improvements. And certainly, I don’t think that’s linear. I think as we’ve seen with technology, Gen AI, as an example for us this year has really been an unlock that a year ago when we were planning this year, we weren’t – we probably weren’t counting on at the level that it’s impacted us. And so I think the team is going to continue to identify opportunities, attack those opportunities that bring the biggest return. And so we’ll see – I think we’ll see continuous improvement in our productivity, and I’ll probably let headcount be what it needs in terms of how we’re handling the volume of the current part of the cycle. And so – but I wouldn’t say that we’ve hit a floor, but I’d also say we’re going to continue to make sure we do it under the eye of smart discipline within our operating model and doing it with an eye on a continuous improvement mentality within productivity.
Dave Bozeman: Yes. Chris, this is Dave. Just to add on there, Michael and team are doing a nice job at continuing to grow the model. I mean this is what happens as we continue to scale our model throughout our organization and scaling left and right and down. And it really allows the teams to discover, inspect and it allows our people to really start to do what we’re known for, and that’s spending that time with the customer solving problems, right? And taking away those medial tasks – and so the point here is from the conversation earlier, there’s going to always be improvement in discovery and productivity in our mindset and in our culture now. And how we manage headcount is just like Michael said. So what you’re hearing is a change in the way that we operate the company. And that’s why it’s so important to understand the model and how we operate that every day. So I just wanted to jump in there.
Chris Wetherbee: Got it. Appreciate the time. Thanks very much.
Dave Bozeman: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Ari Rosa of Citi. Please go ahead.
Ari Rosa: Hi, good evening. I was hoping you guys could address some of the changing competitive dynamics in your industry. We’ve seen, obviously, this quarter brought a merger or an acquisition, if you will, between two top 10 brokers, I wanted to get your thoughts on how that might impact the industry? And then also, we’ve heard some of the truckload carriers talk about a shift in business away from brokers and towards asset-based carriers. I’m curious if you’re seeing that, if you could corroborate that and just your thoughts on if that continues and what that looks like if the freight cycle tightens? Thank you.
Dave Bozeman: Yes, Ari, good. Thanks for the question. I think we’ll break this down a little bit. Obviously, what you’re seeing in the market and some of the moves you’re probably talking about with – RXO and Coyote, listen, that’s something that’s going to happen within the market. I think as you – as we continue to go in this market, there’s going to be puts and takes, and you’ve seen that here in the last several months. For us, it’s about making sure we’re controlling what we can control in that marketplace. And I feel like we’re on the right path to do that. Driving the fit, fast focus for Robinson at our scale still being in the pole position within the industry. I think we’re taking the right path on doing that. But I think as we look forward, I’m going to have Michael jump in on the second part of your question because we do need to kind of break that down, hopefully, so.
Michael Castagnetto: Yes. Thanks, Ari. The second part in terms of are we seeing a shift towards asset versus broker for hire in the for-hire space. Traditionally, you see movement in the low end of the cycle towards the asset. But we feel really good about how we’re competing in the marketplace. We feel really strong about the wallet share gains we’re making in the contractual space. I think we’ve been pretty honest about how we’re attacking the transactional space and being disciplined and making sure that we serve our customers by hauling the right freight that fits for them and our carriers. And so while I think that’s a normal part of the cycle, we’re not seeing that, that is a competitive disadvantage right now. As I mentioned earlier, our drop program, which is something we’ve been talking about more is almost $1 billion and something we believe allows us to behave as an asset in an asset-light manner but in a space that’s traditionally an asset space, and we feel really good about our ability to keep bringing those solutions to customers. We’re also really confident that supply chains are not getting less complex. They’re getting more complex. And so customers are looking for companies that can flex, can move, can react and really meet them where they need to be met. And I feel really good about our team being able to deliver that every day. And that will be in the form of whatever it takes, whether it’s truckload, LTL, drop, you name it. And so good question, but I feel – this is not an abnormal thing in this part of the cycle, but we feel really good about our ability to compete in this space.
Chuck Ives: Yes. Ari, just to put a period on that when we look at our four walls, I mean, there’s just a number of ROI, high ROI opportunities that we can go attack and that’s what we’re doing. And I think that’s really where you have to focus before tackle the organic before you really have to get the inorganic there. So that’s how we’re looking at it. We feel pretty good about it.
Ari Rosa: Wonderful. Thank you for the color.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Jason Seidl of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Jason Seidl: Thank you, operator. Dave, Michael, team, congrats on the good quarter. Wanted to go back to your comments about algorithmic pricing, and it sounds like you guys are using it selectively. I wanted to get a sense of what we should expect going forward? And how does the freight through that algorithmic pricing look from AGP margin perspective compared to your legacy business?
Arun Rajan: Yes. So good question, Jason. Our algorithmic pricing, everything we do, whether it’s algorithmic pricing or not anchors back to our revenue management goals and our overall strategy. So we have a certain gross margin percentage of strategy across our different modes and channels, it doesn’t really matter. Ultimately, we’re kind of optimizing to our overall strategic goals. Having said that, there’s obviously greater opportunity on the algorithmic side on both things like price discovery and cost discovery and more real-time signals and supply and demand. So there’s greater opportunity there in terms of sort of market pricing and so on. However, everything still kind of ties back to a disciplined approach anchored on our operating model to our revenue management strategy.
Dave Bozeman: Jason, the only thing I’d probably add from my perspective is that the nature of the industry requires us to have a pricing engine to meet customers because so much of our pricing is digitally connected, and it’s not possible for humans to react in the right amount of time to make sure we’re getting as many quotes out to customers as we need. But all of our pricing, even our algorithmic pricing really feeds into that human in the loop mentality that we’ve built in. And so pricing the load is the first step – and then it really flows into our teams, our systems, our operating model, our ability to serve customers. And so I think it gives us a really good starting point for how we began a transaction with the customer, but then it really becomes a tool for our team to deliver industry-leading service and capabilities. And so – but you can’t operate in today’s scaled freight environment without a pricing engine that is driven by hopefully the best algorithms in the industry, and we feel pretty good about what we have.
Jason Seidl: Fair enough. Appreciate the time, guys.
Dave Bozeman: Yes, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Stephanie Moore of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Stephanie Moore: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you. I wanted to – I actually think you brought up a good point earlier, your color around needing to see a demand inflection for the freight market to truly repair and maybe just a lack of underlying momentum in the market is actually a really fair assessment. So – if this is what continues and we don’t, in fact, see this demand inflection next year or for a lot of next year – what is your playbook? What are the next steps or levers that can be pulled to continue the current momentum and then drive growth? Thanks.
Michael Castagnetto: Yes. Thanks, Stephanie. I’ll speak for the NAST part of it, and then maybe Dave wants to speak for the enterprise overall. I think the playbook is pretty simple, which is we’re going to control we can control. We’re going to run our operating model. We’ve got really good pricing discipline – like I’ve mentioned a couple of times, we’re putting those tools and capabilities into the best people in the industry. And we feel we can deliver results in this market or in a different type market. We have growth opportunities ahead of us. We believe we can continue to take share and outperform the market. And whether or not that comes from continued elongation of the current situation or a market inflection. I’m not lowering the expectation of what our team accomplishes we continue to expect ourselves to move up the value stack with our customers. We’re going to recapture business in the transactional space and really continue to win business in key verticals. And so I feel what I think myself, the team and probably everybody here want a market inflection just because I think it’s a lot more energetic market to do business in, sure. But we feel pretty good about our ability to deliver results. And as Dave has mentioned, continue to deliver higher lows in a tough market and get ready for higher highs in the future.
Dave Bozeman: Yes, Stephanie, just I don’t know we’re at time. I’ll just put period on that. And that is, listen, this is why Robinson is in the pole position. I think with our balance sheet and the ability to invest in a tough market and continue to invest like we’ve done. It gives us the strength. We’ve got the biggest data set and a number of things that if this is a prolonged market. We’re going to continue to improve with our operating discipline. We’re going to continue to have a positive balance sheet that allows us to invest and then get ourselves set for when this thing starts to inflect. So thanks for the question. And again, we feel really good about where we are.
Chuck Ives: All right. That does conclude today’s earnings call. Thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you again. Have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s event. You may disconnect your lines or log off the webcast at this time, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Second Quarter 2024 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the company's prepared remarks, we will open the line for a live question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, July 31, 2024. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chuck Ives, Director of Investor Relations.
Chuck Ives: Thank you, Donna, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today is Dave Bozeman, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Arun Rajan, our Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer; Michael Castagnetto, our President of North American Surface Transportation; Mike Zechmeister, our Chief Financial Officer; and Damon Lee, our Incoming Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to remind you that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. Slide two in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management's expectations. Our earnings presentation slides are supplemental to our earnings release and can be found in the Investors section of our website at investor.chrobinson.com. Our prepared comments are not intended to follow the slides. If we do refer to specific information on the slides, we'll let you know which slide we're referencing. Today's remarks also contain certain non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of those measures to GAAP measures are included in the presentation. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Dave.
David Bozeman: Thank you, Chuck. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Having been in this seat for a little over a year now, I'm pleased with the progress we've made on evolving our strategy, improving our execution, and evaluating and enhancing the company's four P's, people, products, processes and portfolio. We've brought in some new leaders, and we're arming our people with better tools to execute on our profitable growth strategies. We're delivering innovative products to provide greater value to our customers and carriers. We're streamlining our processes, applying lean principles and leveraging generative AI to drive out waste and optimize our cost. And we're making changes to drive focus on the four core modes in our portfolio. All of these changes are aimed at our North Star of generating incremental operating income and delivering higher highs and higher lows over the course of freight market cycles. Our second quarter results reflect a higher quality of execution and performance as we continue to implement the new Robinson operating model. And although we continue to fight through an elongated freight recession, we are winning and executing better at this point in the cycle. Our people are delivering exceptional service and enhanced digital experience and differentiated value for our customers and carriers, and I thank the team for their efforts. Our truckload business grew market share for the fourth consecutive quarter and we took share the right way with margin improvement in mind, and our adjusted income from operations increased 32% year-over-year for the full enterprise. On our first quarter earnings call, I discussed that we had begun deploying a new operating model that is rooted in lean methodology to improve the level and consistency of our operational execution. Today, I would like to share more about how the Robinson operating model is coming to life, which would hopefully help investors understand how things are evolving. The Robinson operating model starts with an enterprise strategy map that lays out the key strategies that we need to execute on to drive profitable growth and improve the operating income of the business. Growth and operating income will come from margin expansion by improving our cost structure and operating leverage, and for market share gains by igniting profitable growth in targeted market segments and industry verticals. Our enterprise strategy map converts to a balanced scorecard for the enterprise and cascades down to strategy maps and scorecards for each division and for the functional support areas. These scorecards include the key metrics that each area of the business needs to deliver on and be accountable to. As examples, these metrics may be related to driving growth, meeting customer expectations, optimizing AGP, optimizing cost, managing our talent, or improving our cash conversion cycle. Through a regular cadence of operating reviews, on at least a monthly basis, but in some cases, weekly or even daily, scorecard metrics are reviewed and there's a binary view of whether they are on track. The metrics are green if they're on track and red if they're not on track. There is no yellow. We're coaching our people to embrace and attack the red with countermeasures or action plans to solve problems faster, which is driving improvements in execution. This may show up in improvements such as more disciplined pricing, better decisions on the volume that we're seeking, or how we're servicing our customers and carriers. These operating reviews prosecute the problem and not the person, as we want our people to embrace the red as an opportunity for improvement. Since we began implementing the new operating model in Q1, we're getting better at being vocally self-critical and driving transparency and accountability, and we've been able to shine a light on some error states that negatively contributed to our results. We're also getting better at making decisions faster and taking quick action on countermeasures to correct those error states and improve our performance. We are still early in our journey, but the operating model is helping us execute a solid strategy even better, and we expect further improvement as we continue to cascade the new operating model deeper into the organization and as our team continues to embrace it and build operational muscle. I know from my past experiences of implementing lean operating models that improvement isn't always linear, and we still have a lot of grass to cut. I'm confident in the team's willingness and ability to drive a higher level of discipline in our operational execution. As the global and North American freight markets fluctuate due to seasonal, cyclical and geopolitical factors, we remain focused on what we can control, including deploying our new operating model, providing best-in-class service to our customers and carriers, gaining profitable share in targeted market segments, and delivering tools that enable our customer and carrier facing employees to allocate their time to relationship building and value added solutioning. Our continued focus on productivity improvements is one part of our plan to address and optimize our enterprise-wide structural costs. We continue to eliminate or automate certain tasks to enable our teams to handle more volume. In 2024, we expect these initiatives will help drive a 15% increase in shipments per person per day in NAST and a 10% increase in Global Forwarding, both of which would result in compounded productivity improvements of 32% or better over '23 and '24 combined. We also took an important step yesterday on our journey to get fit, fast and focused when we announced that we've reached an agreement to sell our European Surface Transportation business. This move is consistent with our strategy to drive focus on profitable growth in our four core modes of North American truckload and LTL and global ocean and air. Growth needs to be highly scalable within our model to create the most value for our stakeholders. As such, our Global Forwarding and managed services businesses in Europe will continue to execute on the breadth of global services that we provide to customers and that feed our core modes. With ongoing efforts to improve the customer experience and our cost to serve, we continue to focus on ensuring that we'll be ready for the eventual freight market rebound, with a disciplined operating model that decouples headcount growth from volume growth and drives operating leverage. I'm also excited about the changes that we've made on my senior leadership team. Being able to attract Damon Lee as our new CFO is a big win for Robinson, with his proven track record of financial discipline while delivering results as an operational leader and a strategist with a lean and continuous improvement mindset. I look forward to Damon's contributions to our strategy and execution. I'm also greatly appreciative that Mike Zechmeister graciously agreed to extend his time with us to facilitate a seamless transition for C.H. Robinson and for Damon. I thank Mike for his five years service and dedication to Robinson and wish him the best in his upcoming retirement. We also recently announced that Arun Rajan transitioned from the role of COO to a new role of Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer. This change enables Arun and his team to focus their continued efforts on building our digital and operational capabilities and uphold tight alignment between our business teams and our digital investments. We're at a pivotal point as a company and with a single threaded leader at the helm of strategy and innovation, we can accelerate efforts already underway to bring industry leading products, technology, solutions and ways of working to our company and the global logistics marketplace. Working closely with the senior leadership team, Arun will oversee our enterprise strategy and innovation process from creation to implementation, and measure our performance against our strategic goals. I have high expectations for how this new role will benefit Robinson and all our stakeholders as we continue our transformation. And finally, it's been great to have Michael Castagnetto leading and driving further improvement in our NAST business. He has a proven record of building strong relationships with our people and our customers, driving operational excellence and delivering exceptional results. Michael has joined us on today's call and I'll turn it over to him now to provide more details on our NAST results.
Michael Castagnetto: Thanks, Dave and good afternoon, everyone. It has been extremely energizing to be leading the NAST organization and working with our talented and dedicated team members who are committed to delivering the best solutions and service to our customers and carriers every day. While we're still in the early stages of implementing and adopting the new Robinson operating model, I am convinced that this approach is just what we need. Our discipline, execution and accountability has improved more than any other time in my previous 26 years at Robinson and two years in NAST. If it feels different, that's because it is, and it's showing up in our results. Supported by our new operating model, with our product and tech teams delivering new innovative tools like our recently announced digital matching product, our resilient team of freight experts is responding to the challenging freight environment, and we are reacting quicker and more effectively to provide solutions to our customers and carriers. As a result, our Q2 NAST truckload volume increased approximately 1.5% sequentially and year-over-year, which outpaced the market indices for the fourth quarter in a row. Within Q2, we saw some seasonal volume strength in June, primarily related to produce season, but overall seasonality was muted in Q2, as shown in the Cass Freight Shipment Index increasing only 0.2% sequentially versus the 10-year average of a 6.1% sequential increase excluding the pandemic year of 2020. Looking ahead to Q3, the 10-year average of the Cass Freight Shipment Index, excluding the pandemic impacted year of 2020, is a 0.4% sequential decline from Q2 to Q3. At this point, it's hard to say whether the muted seasonality that we saw in Q2 will continue into Q3. From a market balance perspective, we continue to be in a drawn out stage of capacity oversupply. Although carrier attrition is occurring, it remains at a slower pace and not enough to materially impact the overall market. Load to truck ratios did increase in June and put upward pressure on spot rates, but it was largely regional and related to produce volumes in the southern half of the US. In July. However, drive and load to truck ratios have retreated to the level seen in April and May. In Q2, we delivered further optimization of volume and adjusted gross profit per truckload, which increased 6.5% sequentially and year-over-year. The improvement compared to Q2 of last year was driven by improved pricing discipline and revenue management, that led to better AGP yield within our transactional truckload business, as our procurement teams, combined with the intentional usage of digital brokerage capabilities, delivered a cost of higher advantage versus the market average. These practices are part of our operating structures that are integrated into our operating model and ladder up to the NAST divisional scorecard and ultimately into the enterprise scorecard. In our LTL business, Q1 shipments were also up 1.5% on a year-over-year basis and 3.5% sequentially, driven primarily by strength in our retail consolidation service offering. By leveraging our vast access to capacity, broad range of services and our high level of service, our LTL team continues to onboard a solid pipeline of new business and build on our existing $3 billion LTL business. The strength and unmatched expertise of our people enables us to deliver exceptional service and greater value to our customers. We are investing in our sales organization to maximize our growth opportunities. As an example of the operating model at work, we took actions recently to streamline our sales process and reorganize our sales teams, and the result has been a more effective and quicker engagement with our customers and a greater opportunity for our more experienced salespeople to engage with the right customers. We've made net additions to and are actively growing our sales team in line with a disciplined and focused approach to capture growth opportunities in targeted customer segments. Our people are the single greatest differentiator for us versus the competition, and we are going to continue to lean into this. We may have gotten the balance of people versus tech wrong at certain points in our past, but we've learned and we are getting it right now. We will keep evaluating our results and adjust accordingly going forward. From upskilling our people to providing upward mobility and new opportunities, we will continue to lead with our people first. We will support our people with industry leading tech and solutions to enhance their capabilities as we continue to focus on people, process and technology. I'll turn it over to Arun now to provide an update on the innovation we're delivering to strengthen our customer and carrier experience, increase AGP yield, and improve operating leverage.
Arun Rajan: Thanks, Michael and good afternoon, everyone. I'm excited about my recent transition into the role of Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer. I'm proud of the team's accomplishments over the past couple of years to build a solid foundation for our digital and operational strategy. Since I joined the organization in the fall of 2021, we have taken a surgical, data-driven approach to technology investments to accelerate our digital transformation and deliver financial outcomes. These efforts have now matured into digitally oriented operating structures that power core parts of our business such as digital brokerage, revenue management and operational excellence teams. The success of these collective efforts has enabled us to transition some of these digitally oriented operating structures into our core operations, thereby enabling me to shift my focus to accelerating actions in support of our broader enterprise strategy and innovation to drive profitable growth. Strategy process is not static. Leveraging our operating model, we will diligently monitor execution towards strategic outcomes and the constantly evolving external landscape to take advantage of opportunities to accelerate our strategy as we expand our leadership position in the logistics industry. Innovation is at the heart of Robinson's competitive differentiation. We are leading and innovating at scale in our processes and our products for the benefit of both sides of our two-sided marketplace in alignment with our strategy to drive profitable market share growth. As an example, on the carrier side, we've launched an enhanced load matching platform for carriers called Digital Dispatch. This innovative tool utilizes advanced algorithms to match carriers with loads that best fit their needs and provides real time customized load recommendations right to carriers' phones via text or email. In addition to enabling carriers to run fewer empty miles, Digital Dispatch books loads four times faster than traditional methods on average, transforming hours spent searching into valuable hauling time. Digital Dispatch first became available in February to carriers that own one to 10 trucks and we have plans to expand it to larger carriers in the future. For Robinson, we expect this innovative tool to help with the acquisition, retention and growth of our carrier base and therefore, provide greater access to capacity for our customers, especially when the market turns. On the customer side of the marketplace, we continue to innovate and leverage GenAI to respond faster than ever to dynamic market conditions with the tools and capabilities we've developed. Last quarter, we shared the example of using GenAI to automatically respond to transactional truckload quote emails, which drives faster speed to market, increases our addressable demand and reduces manual touches. Another touchpoint where we're leading is using GenAI to translate order emails and generate on system orders. With GenAI, we've been able to reduce the time to generate an order by more than 80%, thereby enabling us to provide faster service to customers and to effectively scale our operations when the market returns to growth. In addition to improving the customer and carrier experience, innovations such as Digital Dispatch and products that leverage the power of GenAI are designed to improve the employee experience and improve productivity. These productivity improvements serve as a critical input into creating operating leverage. We also continue to increase the rigor and discipline in our pricing and procurement efforts in Q2, resulting in improved AGP yield across the NAST and Global Forwarding portfolios. With continued innovation in dynamic pricing and costing, investment in contract management systems and increasing revenue management rigor, we are responding surgically and faster than ever to dynamic market conditions. Finally, as Michael mentioned, we believe we are getting the balance of people versus tech right. Getting this balance right includes the active role that our people play from a human in the loop perspective to drive continuous feedback and improvements to our algorithms and GenAI implementations. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike for a review of our second quarter results.
Mike Zechmeister: Thanks, Arun and good afternoon, everyone. Disciplined revenue management in the face of continued soft freight market conditions resulted in second quarter total revenues of $4.5 billion and adjusted gross profit, or AGP, of $687 million, which was up 3% year-over-year, driven by a 5% increase in NAST and a 3% increase in Global Forwarding. On a monthly basis compared to Q2 of last year, our total company AGP per business day was down 5% in April, up 1% in May, and up 15% in June. Overall Q2 AGP results reflect progress on the revenue management initiatives that were referenced earlier. The AGP per business day improvement through the quarter also reflects both seasonal increases in freight demand and easier year-over-year comparisons as the quarter progressed. Michael covered the details of our Q2 NAST performance. I'll cover the performance of our Global Forwarding business where the team has had success growing the business profitably and been highly engaged with our customers to help them navigate the ongoing conflicts in the Red Sea. The transit interruptions in the Red Sea have resulted in vessel reroutings that have extended transit times. In Q2, this put a strain on global ocean capacity and created varying levels of port congestion and container shortages. While the Asia to Europe trade lane has been most affected, the impact has also extended to other trade lanes as carriers adjust the geographic placement of vessel capacity based on shipping demand. As we mentioned on our first quarter earnings call, ocean rates had come down from the February peak as capacity was repositioned and new vessel capacity entered the market. In May and June, however, ocean rates rose again as capacity tightened. Given our mix of contractual and transactional business, the impact of changing market rates generally takes one to two months to flow through to our profit per shipment. So even though rates came down from the February peak, our profit per shipment held up through March and into April as we started realizing the declines in May and the first half of June. When the ocean markets rose in May and June, our same one to two-month lag meant we started realizing the positive impact to our profit per shipment in the second half of June and now into July. While the Red Sea disruption continues without any clear timeline of when it will be resolved, ocean rates have declined slightly in July but remained elevated compared to 2023. Our team performed well in Q2, with our ocean forwarding AGP increasing 8.6% year-over-year, driven by a 4% increase in shipments and a 4.5% increase in AGP per shipment. Sequentially, shipments increased 6%, while AGP per shipment declined 2.5%. There are some indications that customers may be pulling forward some of their peak season ocean freight due to ongoing concerns about geopolitical issues and capacity disruptions, as well as the potential for labor issues on the East Coast ports of the United States. One measure of this is that our ocean volume per business day grew 8% sequentially in June versus May compared to a 2% sequential decline over the same period last year. Time will tell as to whether this pulls from the normal July to September peak season in ocean. Turning now to enterprise expenses. Q2 personnel expense was $361.2 million, including $9.4 million of restructuring charges related to workforce reductions. Excluding restructuring charges this year and last year, our Q2 personnel expenses were $351.8 million, down $12.4 million, or 3.4% year-over-year, driven by our continued productivity efforts and partially offset by higher incentive compensation. Our average Q2 headcount was down 10% compared to Q2 last year. We continue to expect our 2024 personnel expenses to be in the range of excluding restructuring, but likely below the midpoint of that range. With that, we expect a slower pace of net headcount reductions in the second half of 2024 compared to the first half. Moving to SG&A. Q2 expenses were $148.1 million, including $5.7 million of restructuring charges, which were driven by reducing our office footprint. Excluding restructuring charges this year and last year, SG&A expenses were $142.4 million, down $12.2 million, or 7.9% year-over-year. The expense reduction was across several expense categories as we continued to eliminate non-value-added spending. We continue to expect SG&A expenses for the full year to be in the range of $575 million to $625 million, excluding restructuring charges, but likely below the midpoint of that range too. SG&A includes depreciation and amortization expense, which we still expect to be $90 million to $100 million in 2024. Our effective tax rate in Q2 was 19.4% compared to 14.9% in Q2 last year and was in line with our expectations. We continue to expect our 2024 full year effective tax rate to be in the range of 17% to 19%. In Q2, our capital expenditures were $19.3 million, down 20.6% year-over-year on more focused technology spending. We now expect 2024 capital expenditures to be toward the lower end of the previously provided range of $85 million to $95 million. Now onto the balance sheet. We ended Q2 with approximately $925 million of liquidity, comprised of $812 million of committed funding under our credit facilities and a cash balance of $113 million. One key differentiator for Robinson is our financial strength. This allows us to continue investing and improving our capabilities even through this prolonged freight recession. As a result, we expect to emerge stronger when the market tightens. Our debt balance at the end of Q2 was $1.6 billion, which was down $127 million from Q2 of last year. Our net debt to EBITDA leverage at the end of Q2 was 2.4 times, down from 2.73 times at the end of Q1, primarily driven by the performance of the business and the resulting decrease in our net debt balance and increase in our trailing 12-month EBITDA. As I depart Robinson for retirement, I'd just like to add that I couldn't be more proud of the accomplishments of the team and I couldn't be more excited about the direction of the company. It feels terrific to be leaving the company in such great hands with a sound strategy and solid momentum on the business. From the deployment of the new operating model to the growth potential from the market segment and vertical focus to the incredible upside of generative AI to enhance the capabilities of our industry leading people, the future looks incredibly bright. I will miss working with the best logistics experts in the business, but will be cheering for Robinson as a shareholder. Best wishes to the entire Robinson team. And with that, I'll turn it over to Damon for a few comments.
Damon Lee: Thanks, Mike and good afternoon, everyone. I'm excited about joining C.H. Robinson and partnering with the rest of the senior leadership team as we execute on a strong strategic plan. I'm eager to leverage my past experiences and a focus on operational excellence to drive improved results and deliver more value for Robertson shareholders. I'd also like to reiterate Dave's comments and thank Mike Zechmeister for his collaboration and partnership to ensure a seamless transition. The first three weeks of my tenure have been great and I look forward to talking with all of you as we continue on this exciting journey. I'll turn the call back to Dave now for his final comments. Dave?
David Bozeman: Thanks, Damon. I want to commend our people for continuing to embrace the changes that we're making to deliver a higher and more consistent level of performance and for the high-quality Q2 results that they delivered in what continues to be a challenging market. As I mentioned earlier, all the changes that we're making are aimed at our North Star of generating incremental operating income and delivering higher highs and higher lows over the course of freight market cycles. We will do this by focusing on two main fronts, growing market share and expanding our operating income margins. We'll continue to grow market share by leveraging our robust capabilities to power vertical centric solutions, by reclaiming share in targeted segments, and by expanding our addressable market through value-added services and solutions for our customers and carriers that drive new volume to our four core modes. We'll also be more intentional with our go-to-market strategy to drive additional synergies and cross-selling across our portfolio. We'll expand our operating income margins by embedding lean practices, removing waste and expanding our digital capabilities. This will enable us to strengthen our productivity and optimize our organization structure in order to be the most efficient operator in addition to the highest value provider. We'll optimize our gross profit by monitoring key input metrics and responding faster to error states and changing market conditions with countermeasures and innovative technology that improves our execution. As we take action on all of these fronts, I'm excited about the work that we're doing to reinvigorate Robinson's winning culture and to instill discipline with our new operating model, removing with greater clock speed and urgency to seize opportunities and solve problems in order to win now and to be ready for the eventual freight market rebound. And we now have a plan to share more about our strategy, how we'll execute that strategy and the resulting financial targets at a 2024 Investor Day that is scheduled for December 12 in New York City. While there's a lot more work to do, I continue to see an opportunity for the company to reach its full potential and create more shareholder value by improving our value proposition, increasing our market share, accelerating growth, further reducing our structural costs and improving our efficiency, operating margins and profitability. Together, we will win for our customers, carriers, employees and shareholders. This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll turn it back to Donna now for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Jonathan Chappell with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Jonathan Chappell: Thank you. Good afternoon. If I look at page 17 in the presentation, the first page in the appendix, when you have this elongated history of the transportation AGP margin, it's obviously taken two pretty big step ups sequentially in the last two quarters. When you think about the path forward on the market, sounds like it's still pretty volatile with July weaker than June. Is this something that's kind of market independent right now where you can see the AGP continue to move higher based on the initiatives that you put in place and the digital processes? Or at this point, do you really need kind of a market tailwind to help you kind of drive it higher above 16 and beyond?
David Bozeman: Hey, Jonathan, it's Dave. Good to hear from you. Hey, listen, I'm going to -- it's Michael's first call. He's going to jump in and add some more color to this. But I really want to start and say, number one, happy to see Michael and team drive the effects of the operating model, which is some of the things that you're seeing with the discipline within the business. And we expect to continue to drive that discipline. And as we said on our comments, there's more grass to cut on this, but we're off to a pretty good start on that. But we'll give you some more color around history wise and where we're going. Michael?
Michael Castagnetto: Yeah. Thanks, Dave. And again, thanks for the question. As we mentioned in some of our earlier comments, we're really starting to see the leverage of the tools related to our dynamic pricing and costing come to life over the last couple quarters. Certainly, the team has battled through what has been, as we mentioned, a continued elongated freight recession. And despite that, we're starting to see the efforts come to life. Really, when you take the ability to combine those technologically and product advancements with our operating model disciplines that we've been able to enact, we're really starting to be able to respond quicker and more surgically to our customers and really meet the dynamic market conditions more effectively. As we think about how we'll continue to do that forward, we still have opportunities to continue to improve as we implement our disciplined pricing strategy throughout the business. But I think I'd put it most simply in that I think we're making more deliberate and more informed decisions on the freight that we pursue, the manner in which we pursue it, and then also, just as importantly, how we match the right carriers to that freight to create the best transaction for both parties, and obviously an improved result for C.H. Robinson.
Jonathan Chappell: Okay. Thank you, Mike. Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jeff Kauffman with Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you. And thank you for taking my question and congratulations. Just terrific quarter in a difficult environment. It's great to see some of these changes kicking in. Question for Michael, it's your first conference call. There were comments on how capacity hasn't really come out in the brokerage space the way it normally would. Little leniency. I'm just kind of curious, when you're out there talking to your customers, are the customer questions changing, given some of the financial strain that some of these smaller competitors of yours have been facing? And do you see any changes in the competitive dynamic of the marketplace?
Michael Castagnetto: Hey, thanks, Jeff. Really good question. And I think you asked really two things, right? So what are we seeing from, in terms of a carrier exits related to the marketplace, and then how are customers reacting to that? We have seen some acceleration of carrier exits throughout Q2, but as we said, not enough to materially impact the market. And really we're not seeing a change even throughout the quarter that we would see that to start impacting us in the near future. As we talk to customers, it's really twofold and it's around what is their look at the health of their long-term supply chain and how do they want to set that up and whether they're really looking at more of a short term or a long-term perspective. I think customers looking for a more long-term solution and long-term supply chain solution are certainly asking, what are we predicting in terms of when the market would change and when does that inflection come, and then how do we set up a supply chain solution that allows them to have a healthy route guide when the market does come back? When you think about it more transactionally or in a more shorter term, customers are being very aggressive and they're continuing to challenge us to meet them, whether it's in short term RFPs or in the transactional space with aggressive pricing.
Jeff Kauffman: Okay. Thank you very much. That's my one.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Chris Weatherby with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Weatherby: Yeah. Hey, thanks. Good afternoon, guys. Maybe wanted to come at the NAST business a little bit differently and think about kind of profitability through the cycle. So Dave, you talked about higher highs and higher lows. So as we've been in better freight environments, NAST has been able to generate sort of 40%-plus type of operating margins. I'm just kind of curious. We obviously saw a nice step forward in the second quarter, but we're in still, I guess, an uneven freight environment. So are those the right type [technical difficulty]
Michael Castagnetto: …the color on it, it is higher highs, higher lows. And I definitely would agree with you that it's still a tough freight market out there, as we stated in our comments. But long-term, that's still the right way to look at the business. We feel really good about it, especially with the things that we're doing and enacting, long-term 40% for NAST, 30% for GF. And that's what we still hold on to, and it's the right way to look at it. And again, we feel we've got confidence about that and what we're doing, but the market is the market right now, and we're going to continue to do the things that we're doing in the tough market right now and be prepared for this change in the market when it comes.
Chris Weatherby: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks very much. Appreciate it.
Michael Castagnetto: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Tom Wadewitz with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Tom Wadewitz: Yeah. Good afternoon. And yeah, I would also certainly say congratulations on the good results. How do you think about the progression? I think, Mike, you mentioned the by month and the net revenue growth was a lot stronger in June. Should we think of that as a better representation of the growth as you look at July and as you look forward? Or is there something we should be mindful of that would have made June a lot stronger? I think you mentioned a little easier compensation, but just some more thoughts on kind of that greater strength in June and whether that gives us a look forward or if we should be more cautious. Thank you.
Mike Zechmeister: Yeah. Thanks, Tom. I did make a comment on AGP per day for the enterprise, and you're right, we were down 5% in April, up 1% in May, and then up 15% in June. Probably I would point to three things that were helping us in that regard. Number one, obviously our operating model is still coming into its own, and I would expect that as time passes we get better and the performance should reflect that. We also had some seasonal elements we talked about in last quarter. It wasn't a huge seasonal quarter, but we did see some strength in the backside of the quarter in June, particularly when you think about produce in the southern part of the United States. So there's a seasonal element there, too. But of course, the comparison was year-over-year, and then there were a little bit easier comps coming into June, the end of the quarter as well. So as you go forward from there, the business continues. I think you see a little bit of difference going on in NAST versus GF on the ocean side of the world. You've got -- it looks like there might be some pull forward, key season there, and we saw some additional demand, but pricing has come down a little bit too. And I think a lot of the pricing that we've seen in ocean is attributable to the issues in the Red Sea. And presumably over some period of time, those will right themselves and the capacity that exists in the market will kind of stabilize and it'll be back to a normal supply/demand dynamic. But as we've gone into the quarter, nothing significantly different, and we certainly haven't seen enough to call any definitive inflection in the marketplace.
Tom Wadewitz: Does the read on July look kind of similar to June? Any thoughts on July?
Mike Zechmeister: Yeah. We've tried to get away from commenting on the first month of the quarter or specific months because, as you know, we've got to play the full quarter out. We've got to see how the quarter comes in and we'll certainly give you all the color on the next call.
Tom Wadewitz: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Good afternoon. So, just following up there, I know there's obviously some noise in the forwarding results right now. Just directionally, did NAST see a similar trend in that monthly net revenue in terms of a big acceleration throughout the quarter? And then separately, just the headcount overall down 10% year-over-year, down another 3.5% sequentially, how much more is there to go on headcount here? Can we get -- I know you've been talking about it, but is there a lot more in terms of volume growth and headcount down 10%? Can that persist for a while?
Michael Castagnetto: Thanks, Scott. This is Michael, I'll start. You asked a direct question about NAST and our quarterly results, and we really saw a much more evened out quarter than maybe the folks in Global Forwarding. Certainly, as the quarter went on, we saw, as we mentioned in our comments, muted seasonality to the business. And so while there were some events related to road check or the holidays, and we saw some short term upticks in spot market pricing, the team did a really nice job of managing through that. And as we mentioned, implementing our revenue management rigor and operating model. And so I think the team did a really nice job of driving real positive results in all three months of the quarter. In terms of headcount, I'll probably pass it over to Mike and maybe Arun. From a NAST perspective, we continue to see the benefits of the investments we've made, both in AI and our overall technology. And certainly, we're confident in our efficiency metrics that we've committed to for 2024. And we believe there is still -- I like the saying Dave had, there's still some more grass to cut when it comes to our ability to drive out additional operational effectiveness and efficiency.
Mike Zechmeister: Yeah. Just maybe an additional comment on the headcount part of your question. So we're going to continue our productivity initiatives. We continue to be committed to getting work out and therefore not needing folks to do that work and really helping our folks focus on the value-added things that they do. So far year-to-date, as you saw, we're down 10% headcount year-over-year. And so we've done quite a bit there. And what we've talked about and what our plan is for the back half is really a slower pace of net headcount reduction than you saw in the first half. And our guidance, you can read through our headcount into our expense guidance, and you can see that stabilization in the back half, particularly in personnel.
Scott Group: Thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Hoexter: Hey, great. Good afternoon, Dave and team. Congrats on the new plan and the margin gains. And Mike Z, good luck as you move on. Mike, I guess just following up on that headcount commentary there, we've heard a lot in the press about significant sales layoffs. Is that really changing how you're selling or how you're organizing the business? And I guess now is there a difference in terms of how much is now automated, start to finish? I don't know if you can give numbers on that. And then, Mike, can you also talk about the market? The truckload you mentioned was up 1.5% on tonnage, pricing down only 2%. Are we starting to see that pricing leveling off? Is that kind of flattening out in terms of the market, the state of the market?
Mike Zechmeister: Yeah. Thank you again for those questions. First, from a sales perspective, I think it's really important, and we said it earlier, we are actively growing our sales team. What we did during the quarter was really changed the methodology and the process through our operating model to make sure that we're putting the right sales process in place and doing it with the right folks, with the right customers. And so while we had some changes in how we manage that group, our overall sales team, throughout the quarter and for year-to-date and throughout the rest of the year, our anticipation is that we're going to continue to add to that group and pursue growth opportunities where we have those opportunities. From a pricing perspective, we've said we're in an elongated freight recession. Pricing has certainly been pretty low and it has been pretty relatively inactive for the quarter. And while we think -- we saw some spot market movement during events or specific weeks during the quarter, nothing that would stick and really nothing that would say there's a market inflection going on, and that we think there's an immediate and consistent change to the marketplace.
Ken Hoexter: Thanks, Mike. Thanks, team.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Daniel Imbro with Stephens. Please proceed with your question.
Daniel Imbro: Yeah. Hey, good evening, guys. Thanks for taking our questions. Dave, I can follow up on that last question, just about the overall state of the market. We've heard anecdotes of shippers preferring maybe locking in asset-based capacity at this point in the cycle. I'm curious how you've seen that progressing into the back half. Volume was up nicely in 2Q. But I think you mentioned routing depth fell in July. So curious if that's any softening in the trends. And then just how you're thinking about overall spot activity and underlying demand as we head into the back half from what you're seeing. Thanks.
Michael Castagnetto: Hey, Daniel, this is Michael. Thanks again. Good question. As Dave mentioned, route guide, they're holding, right? We're not seeing a lot of freight fall out of those route guides and into the transactional space. And you saw that even in our own ratio as we moved from a 65/35 contractual transactional mix to a 70/30. Really, I think what we're seeing is customers are being aggressive in how they're planning their route guides. So far, the market is continued to be oversupplied. So we're seeing those route guides hold. But really I think it's -- and we've mentioned this, it's about long-term health of those route guides. And that's where we're going to have to lean into our operating model and revenue management rigor once the market does inflect. But as we mentioned, at least for the foreseeable future, we're not seeing any shoots that would say that, that we're in the middle of that right now.
Daniel Imbro: Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Brian Ossenbeck with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Brian Ossenbeck: Hey, thanks. Afternoon. Appreciate taking the question. I wanted to ask the headcount question maybe a little bit differently, maybe to Arun or Dave. But do you think you're at the point where you've decoupled headcount from volume growth? Obviously, headcount's been coming down volumes up, but looking beyond where you are right now, have you reached that point? Do you have line of sight to it? Because typically the model gets a bit margin squeezed on an upturn, so that might help. And then, Dave, you can give some quick thoughts just on portfolio, obviously the sale of the surface transportation in Europe, but what do you think -- what are you and the Board discussing from here on out in regards to the portfolio? Thanks.
Arun Rajan: Yeah. Thanks a lot for the question. I'll go ahead and start and answer your tech question and productivity. So as it relates to productivity, our tech investments are very well lined up. We've delivered 17% productivity improvements in '23, another 15% targeted for this year. Combined those investments give us very high confidence that we've decoupled headcount and volume growth. In terms of our continued investments, we think there's still opportunity and we will continue to go after that opportunity in '24 and '25, but we feel very confident with our investments and the takeout as it relates to touches, which is the most important measure in that context.
David Bozeman: Yeah. Brian, I think on the other part of your question, first of all, thanks for the question. On the portfolio, if you recall, one of the things in my diagnosis is to really look at the company under the auspice of four P's, people, product, process and portfolio. And in doing that, that diagnosis, that's actually how we executed on it, is to really look and drive for focus. We told you guys that we're going to be fit, fast focus, and this is really just driving focus within the portfolio, and that focuses on our four core modes. And we're getting to what we do well, and that is truckload, LTL, ocean and air. This allows us to really drive that focus for the company going forward, and that's what you're seeing in that. So I think that was the essence of the question.
Mike Zechmeister: Yeah. Maybe I'll just add a couple more points on that. The sale of EST, since you asked about it. But over time we hadn't proven that we could scale or be consistently profitable. When you consider covering a portion of allocated corporate overhead that goes to the business on EST, which is one of the reasons for the sale. And secondly, I would just make a couple comments about the size of the business. And you know that EST had a minor impact on our enterprise results. And just to put some numbers to that, in Q2, it was about 2% of our enterprise AGP. And it's in the other -- all other segment. It's the smallest business unit within that all other segment.
Brian Ossenbeck: Great. That's all very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Christopher Kuhn with Benchmark Company. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Kuhn: Yeah. Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Dave, can you maybe just again talk about the incentive compensation structure? Has that changed under the new model, and how should we think about going forward when sort of the freight market starts to improve?
David Bozeman: Yeah. Hey, Christopher, good question. Yeah. The short answer is, yeah, it has changed, but I would call it modified as part of the way that we're operating. And I will tell you that we will continue to tweak our operations to make sure that we're driving and doing the things that we're getting from an efficiency perspective. Right now, I would say we feel really good about how we've got that lined up on our overall incentives. And really, if you think about it, we don't -- I don't look at it as if, hey, when the market changes, then your incentive has to change. You really should be fixing those things now, which is what we're doing. That's part of the operating model. So we feel pretty good about the elements of the business that we're doing now, that when the market inflects that, we're already set and ready to go. And so when it comes to the alignment, the organization, we feel pretty good. That doesn't say that we won't continue to tweak some things if we see it, but that's discovery, and that's part of the discipline of the operating model. Michael, anything you would add to that?
Michael Castagnetto: No. I think through the work that Arun mentioned, our ability to disconnect volume growth from headcount growth really gives us that flexibility that from a leader's perspective, I'm hoping that our incentive compensation does increase with the return of the market and we get an opportunity to reward our team of who -- obviously we think are the best people in the industry, but we've done it in a way that allows us to continue to grow operating leverage throughout each part of the cycle.
David Bozeman: Yeah. And just to put a period on that, I mean, at the end of the day, all of that is going to support our two key themes, and that is, growing market share and expanding margins. That's ultimately what all of this is setting up to do. And I think what you're seeing is some of that operational discipline, and we've got a lot more to go and do, and that's what we're going to go out and do.
Christopher Kuhn: That's helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Stephanie Moore with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Stephanie Moore: Hi. Good afternoon. Thank you. First question is more of a follow up of just -- the kind of the questions that kind of the last couple on AGP. If you could just talk a little bit if it would be helpful on just how NAST AGP typically looks 2Q to 3Q in this environment. I know that very challenging, given the environment we're in, but any kind of typical color would be helpful just to kind of round out the really strong performance in 2Q and then, kind of our thoughts going into 3Q? And then secondly, more strategic question, with the sale of the EST business, would love to get your thoughts on an appetite to explore maybe other strategic sales of other businesses within the enterprise. Thanks.
Michael Castagnetto: Sure, Stephanie. And thanks again for the questions. I'll start and then hand it over to Dave. From a NAST perspective, I think I'd point you back to the comments we made about the Cass Shipment Index. And normally we do see a slight decline from Q2 to Q3 from a seasonality perspective. But overall, I'd say we've seen muted seasonality throughout Q2. We're continuing to see that, or it's really hard to say whether, how far that will head into Q3. And then, as Mike mentioned, it's pretty rare that the first month of the quarter gives a great predictor. And so we really won't comment on it much further, but I'll hand it over to Dave to talk about the Europe question.
David Bozeman: Yeah. Hey, Stephanie, good to hear from you. Just to -- again, look at portfolio, we're going to always look at our portfolio. I mean, like any company would do. But again, we feel really good about where we are. We like our four core modes, truckload, LTL, ocean and air, feel good about those businesses, feel good about what they're doing, and more importantly, where they're going to go and continue to go. So right now, I would say what you saw was something that we were doing to drive focus. And Mike gave color on a little bit of the technicalities of the EST business. But that's just -- that's the step we took for that. And I think that moves us closer to those four core modes. And right now, that's what we feel pretty good about.
Stephanie Moore: Thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude our question-and-answer session. I'll now pass the floor back over to Mr. Ives for closing remarks.
End of Q&A:
Chuck Ives: That concludes today's earnings call. Thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you again. Have a great evening.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's event. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson First Quarter 2024 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, May 1, 2024.  
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Chuck Ives, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Charles Ives: Thank you, Donna, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today is Dave Bozeman, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Arun Rajan, our Chief Operating Officer; and Mike Zechmeister, our Chief Financial Officer.
 I'd like to remind you that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. Slide 2 in today's presentation list factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management's expectations.
 Our earnings presentation slides are supplemental to our earnings release and can be found in the Investors section of our website at investor.chrobinson.com. Our prepared comments are not intended to follow the slides. If we do refer to specific information on the slides, we'll let you know which slide we're referencing.  
 Today's remarks also contain certain non-GAAP measures, and reconciliations of those measures to GAAP measures are included in the presentation.
 And with that, I'll turn the call over to Dave. 
David Bozeman: Thank you, Chuck. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Our first quarter results and adjusted EPS of $0.86 reflects a change in our execution and discipline as we began implementing a new lean-based operating model. 
 And although we continue to battle through an elongated freight recession with an oversupply of capacity, I'm optimistic about our ability to continue improving our execution regardless of the market environment.
 As part of my initial diagnosis of the company, I identified an opportunity to refocus our mindset on root causing and definitively solving problems, including making decisions amid uncertainty and acting with greater clock speed.  Following my diagnosis, I brought in additional talent to assist the senior leadership team and me on improving operational execution across the business and to deploy a new operating model that is rooted in Lean methodology. 
 In Q1, we began deploying the new model at the enterprise, divisional and shared service levels, which is evolving our execution and accountability by bringing more structure to our continuous improvement cadence and culture. This new way of operating is starting to enable greater discipline, transparency, urgency and consistency in our decision-making based on data and input metrics that can reliably lead to better outputs.  
 It's also setting the tone of how we operate and hold ourselves accountable, helping us make systemic improvements, build operational muscle and drive value at speed. We began to see the benefits of our new operating model in our Q1 execution. As a result of disciplined pricing and capacity procurement efforts, we executed better across our contractual and transactional portfolios in our NAST business in Q1 and in particular, in our truckload business.  This resulted in improved optimization of volume and adjusted gross profit per truckload, which improved sequentially despite an increase in our line haul cost per mile for the full quarter versus Q4.
 Additionally, our truckload volume reflects growing market share, and we outpaced the market indices for the third quarter in a row. In what continues to be a difficult environment, our resilient team of freight Experts is responding to the challenge and embracing the new operating model and the innovative tools that we continue to arm them with. 
 Our people have a powerful desire to win, and I thank them for their tireless efforts. They continue to be a differentiator for us and for our customers and carriers, and I'm confident in the team's willingness and ability to drive a higher level of discipline in our operational execution. We're moving in the right direction, and at the same time, everyone understands that we have more work to do.
 Now I'll provide some details on our Q1 results in our NAST and Global Forwarding businesses. In our NAST truckload business, our Q1 volume declined approximately 0.5% year-over-year, which outpaced the market indices. Our truckload AGP per load improved as we moved through the quarter. And although spot costs within the market came down after the winter storms in January, our new operating model and improved pricing discipline led to better AGP yield within both our committed and transactional business, while our procurement teams improved our cost of hire more than the market average.
 We had an approximate mix of 65% contractual volume and 35% transactional volume in our truckload business compared to the same mix in Q4 and a 70-30 mix in Q1 last year. In our LTL business, Q1 shipments were up 3% on a year-over-year basis and 1% sequentially on a per business day basis. AGP per order declined 1% on a year-over-year basis, driven primarily by lower fuel prices. Our LTL AGP per order improved within the quarter and also benefited from our pricing discipline and the new operating model that I mentioned earlier. 
 In our Global Forwarding business, we've been highly engaged with our customers to help them navigate the ongoing conflict in the Red Sea and to ensure flexibility and resilience in their supply chain. The transit interruptions in the Red Sea and resulting vessel reroutings have extended transit times, which has reduced global ocean capacity.  
 While the Asia-to-Europe trade lane has been most affected, the impact has also extended to other lanes as carriers adjust routes based on shipping demand. As a result, ocean rates increased sharply in Q1 on several trade lanes, including Asia to Europe and Asia to North America. While the red sea disruption continues without any clear time line of when it will be resolved, ocean rates have come down from the February peak as capacity has been repositioned and new vessel capacity enters the market.
 While rates remain elevated compared to 2023. As a global logistics provider, with the scale and expertise to strategize and implement contingency plans, we have grown our ocean market share by providing differentiated solutions and customer service and by leveraging investments in technology and talent, leading to the addition of new customers and diversification of the verticals and trade lanes that we serve.
 In Q1, our ocean forwarding AGP increased by 2.5% year-over-year, driven by a 7% increase in shipments and partially offset by a 4% decrease in AGP per shipment. Sequentially, AGP per shipment increased 13.5%. As the Global and North American freight markets fluctuate due to seasonal, cyclical and geopolitical factors, we remain focused on what we can control, including deploying our new operating model, providing best-in-class service to our customers and carriers, gaining profitable share in targeted market segments, reducing complexity in the organization and optimizing our structural costs, streamlining our processes by removing waste and manual touches and delivering tools that enable our customer and carrier-facing employees to allocate their time to relationship building, value-added solutioning and exception management.
 Our continued focus on productivity improvements is one part of our plan to address and optimize our enterprise-wide structural cost. After exceeding our productivity targets in 2023, with 17% improvement in NAST and 20% improvement in Global Forwarding, we have carried our productivity momentum into 2024. We are on track to hit our 2024 target of an additional 15% improvement in NAST shipments per person per day, an additional 10% improvement in Global Forwarding shipments per person per month, both of which will result in compounded productivity improvements of 32% or better over '23 and '24 combined.
 Our commitment to deliver quality, value and continuous improvements to our customers continues to be validated by high Net Promoter Scores. Over the past 4 quarters, these scores have been higher than any point over the past few years and higher than the last similar point in the cycle, which we believe has contributed to our market share gains and puts us in good position with customers ahead of the eventual rebound in the freight market.
 Our customers continue to value the quality, innovation and reliability that we provide as they work to optimize their transportation needs. They want a partner who has financial strength and the ability to consistently invest through cycles in the customer experience. They also want a customer-centric partner who can meet their increasingly complex logistics needs by providing expertise and a breadth of innovative solutions, enabled by technology and people that they can rely on to serve as an extension of their team.
 C.H. Robinson is that partner, with the combination of people, technology and scale to deliver an exceptional customer experience and with the breadth of capabilities to meet all their logistics needs, including value-added solutions for cross-border freight, drop trailer capacity and retail consolidation. We deliver integrated global solutions with no equal as evidenced in how we are helping our customers navigate disruptions in the Red Sea and restrictions on transit via the Panama Canal as well as supporting their growth in cross-border trade between the U.S. and Mexico.
 As we continue to improve the customer experience and our cost to serve, I'm focused on ensuring that we'll be ready for the eventual freight market rebound with a disciplined operating model that decouples volume growth from headcount growth and drives operating leverage.
 Our commitment to continuously improving the experience of our customers and carriers and eliminating inefficiencies from our processes will make us a company that is faster, more flexible and more effective in solving problems for our customers, delivering better customer service and creating operating leverage and profitable growth.
 I'll turn it over to Arun now to provide more details on our efforts to strengthen our customer and carrier experience, increase AGP yield and improve operating leverage. 
Arun Rajan: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. As Dave mentioned, we increased the rigor and discipline in our pricing and procurement efforts in Q1, resulting in improved AGP yield across the contractual and transactional portfolios in our NAST business. With continued investment in our pricing science, contract management and digital brokerage technology and deployment of our new operating model, we are responding faster than ever to dynamic market conditions with the tools and capabilities we've developed.
 These tools and operating routines, together with our scale, data and customer and carrier relationships, underpin our revenue management function through which we can be more surgical in how we implement the disciplined pricing and profitable growth strategy based on individual customer value propositions.
 We also continue to make progress in Q1 on concurrent work streams that are improving the customer and carrier experience and delivering process optimization by eliminating productivity bottlenecks. One of those work streams is aimed at using generative AI to automatically respond to transactional truckload quote e-mails to drive faster speed to market, increase our addressable demand and reduce manual touches.
 Responding to transaction with truckload quote requests is time consuming for account teams, and we must respond quickly to be competitive. Through our automated process and utilizing our GenAI technology, more than 2,000 truckload customers are getting the benefit of faster response time with our automated e-mail quotes. And we will continue to scale this technology to cover more customers and other modes.
 GenAI puts the power of large language models into the hands of our frontline teams. With more data and history to leverage than any other 3PL, we have opportunities to harness the power that generative AI now offer us to further capitalize on our information advantage, and we'll continue to look for and pursue those opportunities.
 In addition to an improved customer experience, our efforts are increasing the digital execution of critical touch points in the life cycle of an order, from quote to cash, thereby reducing the number of manual tasks per shipment and the time per task. This translates to productivity improvements measured in terms of shipments per person per day, which creates operating leverage.
 As we deliver further process optimization and an improved  customer experience, we plan to deliver the compounded cost structure benefits of additional 2024 productivity improvements of 15% NAST and 10% in Global Forwarding, with technology that supports our people and processes.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike for a review of our first quarter results. 
Michael Zechmeister: Thanks, Arun, and good afternoon, everyone. The continued soft freight market conditions outlined by Dave resulted in first quarter total revenues of $4.4 billion and adjusted gross profit, or AGP, of $658 million, which was down 4% year-over-year, driven by a 7% decline in NAST and partially offset by a 1% increase in Global Forwarding. 
 On a monthly basis compared to Q1 of last year, our total AGP per business day was down 16% in January, down 3% in February and up 7% in March, reflecting market conditions and improved execution driven by the rollout of our new operating model. The new operating model will help simplify decision-making for our teams by focusing on what matters most and helping to ensure clear accountability around delivering results.
 Turning to expenses. Q1 personnel expenses were $379.1 million, including $7.9 million of restructuring charges related to workforce reductions. Excluding restructuring charges this year and last year, our Q1 personnel expenses were $371.1 million, down $8.4 million or 2.2% year-over-year driven by our cost optimization efforts and partially offset by expected higher incentive compensation.
 Our average Q1 headcount was down 11.3% compared to Q1 last year, and our ending headcount was down 10.2% to 14,734. We continue to expect our 2024 personnel expenses to be in the range of $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion, excluding restructuring charges, with productivity initiatives and lower headcount offsetting increases driven by the restoration of target incentive compensation related to the expected improvement in our financial performance.
 We continued to eliminate nonvalue-added tasks to enable our teams to handle more volume. We expect these initiatives will help drive a 15% increase in shipments per person per day in NAST and a 10% increase in Global Forwarding, which comes on top of improvements last year of 17% in NAST and 20% in Global Forwarding that Dave and Arun referenced earlier.
 Moving to SG&A. Q1 expenses were $151.5 million including $5 million of restructuring charges, driven by the impairment of certain internally developed software as we focus the efforts of our product and technology teams on the strategic initiatives that best accelerate the capabilities of our teams.
 Excluding restructuring charges this year and last year, SG&A expenses were $146.5 million, up $5.1 million or 3.6% year-over-year primarily due to a nonrecurring benefit in Q1 last year related to our credit loss reserve. We continue to expect SG&A expenses for the full year to be in the range of $575 million to $625 million, excluding restructuring charges, with cost reduction efforts offsetting expected inflation. SG&A includes depreciation and amortization expense, where we continue to expect $90 million to $100 million in 2024.
 Shifting to expenses below operating income. Our Q1 interest and other expense totaled $16.8 million, which was down $11.5 million year-over-year. This included $22.1 million of interest expense, which was down $1.5 million versus Q1 last year, driven by the $307 million year-over-year reduction in our average debt balance.
 Another factor that drove Q1 results in other was a $3.9 million gain on foreign currency revaluation and realized foreign currency gains and losses, which compared to the $9.6 million loss in Q1 of last year. As a reminder, our FX impacts are predominantly noncash gains and losses related to intercompany assets and liabilities.
 Our effective tax rate in Q1 was 15.8% compared to 13.5% in Q1 last year. As a reminder, our tax rate is typically lower in the first quarter of the year due to the incremental tax benefits from stock-based compensation deliveries in Q1. We continue to expect our 2024 full year effective tax rate to be in the range of 17% to 19%. Our Q1 adjusted or non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.86 excluded $12.9 million of restructuring charges and the $3.1 million tax provision benefit related to those restructuring charges.
 Turning to cash flow. Q1 cash flow used by operations was $33 million compared to $255 million generated in Q1 of last year. The year-over-year decline in cash flow was primarily driven by changes in net operating working capital.
 In Q1 of last year, we had a cash inflow of $235 million from a sequential decrease in net operating working capital driven by the declining cost and price of purchased transportation in the market at that time. In Q1 of this year, we had a cash outflow of $135 million from a sequential increase in net operating working capital driven primarily by higher ocean rates in Global Forwarding.
 In Q1, our capital expenditures were $22.5 million, down 16.6% on more focused technology spending. We continue to expect 2024 capital expenditures to be $85 million to $95 million. We also returned $91 million of cash to shareholders in Q1 primarily through dividends.
 Now on to the balance sheet. We ended Q1 with approximately $842 million of liquidity comprised of $720 million of committed funding under our credit facilities and a cash balance of $122 million. Our debt balance at the end of Q1 was $1.7 billion, which was down $172 million from Q1 last year but up $120 million from the end of Q4 due to the increase in net operating working capital that I mentioned earlier.
 Our net debt-to-EBITDA leverage at the end of Q1 was 2.73x, up from 2.34x at the end of Q4, primarily driven by the sequential increase in our net debt balance. Our capital allocation strategy remains grounded in maintaining an investment-grade credit rating, which allows us to optimize our weighted average cost of capital.
 Overall, I'm encouraged by our improved execution, the deployment of the new operating model, opportunities for continued market share gains and the plans in place to deliver the compounded benefits of continued productivity improvements in 2024. Improved growth in cost savings are expected to continue from the robust pipeline and process simplification, technology enablers and waste elimination initiatives. Continuing to leverage AI to take the capability of our people to an even higher level positions Robinson well to further reduce waste and drive structural cost changes that improve our operating leverage and help deliver on the long-term operating income margin expectations that are imperative to the success of the business.
 With that, I'll turn the call back over to Dave for his final comments. 
David Bozeman: Thanks, Mike. I want to commend our people for their performance in what continues to be a challenging market. I believe our team of logistics experts are the best in the business, and they continue to embrace the innovative technology that is acting as a force multiplier and making the industry's best people even better. I'm excited about the work that we're doing to reinvigorate Robinson's winning culture and instilled disciplined with our new operating model. 
 If what you're hearing about our execution sounds different, it's because it is. As we continue to deploy our new operating model, we're now monitoring key input metrics and responding faster to error states and changing market conditions with countermeasures that improve our execution. As we continue to chart our path forward, we're on a mission to be fit, fast and focused in order to win now and to be ready for the eventual freight market rebound.
 We'll get fit by embedding lean practices, removing waste and expanding our digital capabilities. This will enable us to strengthen our productivity and optimize our organization structure in order to be the most efficient operator in addition to the highest value provider and achieve our profitable growth objectives.
 As our customers' logistics needs continue to become increasingly complex, we'll leverage our robust capabilities to power vertical-centric and value-added solutions. We'll move fast with greater clock speed and urgency to seize opportunities and solve problems for our customers and carriers. We will arm our team of experts with the right capabilities to bring us into the future, enabled by our innovative and cutting-edge technology. And we'll be focused on profitable growth in our 4 core modes, North American truckload and LTL and global ocean and air as the engines to ignite growth by continuing to reclaim share and expand our addressable market through value-added services and solutions that drive new volume to the core modes.
 As we take action on all of these fronts, our journey to unlock the power of our portfolio is moving forward. I continue to see an opportunity for the company to reach its full potential and create more shareholder value by improving our value proposition, increasing our market share, accelerating growth, further reducing our structural cost and improving our efficiency, operating margins and profitability.
 I'm confident that, together, we will win for our customers, carriers, employees and shareholders. This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll turn it back to Donna now for the Q&A portion of the call. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Today's first question is coming from Scott Group of Wolfe Research. 
Scott Group: So you mentioned this new operating model a lot. I just don't know that we got any color on what it actually is, so maybe just some details of what's actually changing here. And then just as I think about this net revenue inflection in March, is this just truckload spot rates that moderated throughout the quarter? How sustainable is this? Does this -- do we get positive net revenue in Q2? And I guess, what about this new model, what happens when we see the eventual spike in spot rates as gross profit per load gets squeezed again? So I know there's a lot, but... 
David Bozeman: Yes. Scott, this is Dave. Thanks. A big question there. Let's unpack that a bit. First one on the operating model, I just want to start by saying, hey, I'm pretty serious about this model, and I've got the experience with this model. I've done it in other places, and I know it works.
 And Scott, I told you before we want to take time to diagnose the company for a few months. And after coming out of that, one of the things that we looked at was really the need to drive better discipline, accountability, responsibility. And as we went to implement that, bringing in the right talent to help do that, it's really embedded in Lean principles in driving input versus output.
 So we took the time to put all of the critical inputs and instead of being an output-based company, just looking at outputs and going backwards. Now we have the discipline that we're starting to drive. And again, it's early innings. A lot more work to do. But as we're driving our enterprise strategy maps and our scorecards, we're looking at ourselves from inputs.
 And what that allows you to do is really binary. It's red or green, and we drive countermeasures to -- when we're off plan. What are the things we're going to do to get back on plan? But it also brings up error states. It allows us to solve problems fast and allows us to really attack the things we need to attack and just be aggressive and focused.
 And so I'd say it really comes down to discipline. This is embedding discipline into a company that was already a great company but a company with scale. And now you kind of supercharge it by putting that discipline and accountability and responsibility. And that's what you're really kind of seeing in the first quarter.
 Now again, a lot more work to do, but I feel really good about where we're going. I feel good about the momentum, and that really is going to attack the other parts of your questions. I'm going to have Mike and Arun jump in on that, but this is why the base of that operating model was so important about us going forward when it comes to the other 2 parts of your question. 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes. So Scott, you asked about the inflection that we saw in March, and you're referring back to the comments I made about our enterprise AGP per day, and we went from down 3% in Feb to up 7% year-over-year in March.
 And we -- Dave talked about the implementation of the operating model, which is part of the success there. You've heard enough from the industry about how difficult January was related to snowstorms across the U.S. and things like that. And so while that was happening, we were putting our operating model in and we were beginning to execute better.  So we feel pretty good about how we progressed through the quarter. We're not accustomed to giving monthly result. Obviously, we do give you that total enterprise AGP per shipment -- or per day to help you understand.
 But we feel good about the progress we made. We've got a lot more work to do, and we've got to keep moving in that direction. And so as we go into Q2, Q2 has typically been a quarter with volumes that sequentially are up versus Q1. And that's historical, and you got to pull out the impact of the pandemic in there. But generally speaking, that's what we see, and it's really because the produce market comes back in Q2. You've got beverages that come back in Q2. So there are some seasonal items that create sequential strength for us, and we typically see that going into the second quarter. So again, we're going to control what we can control. We feel good about our move into Q2, and we'll keep going from there. 
Arun Rajan: Scott, just a little bit more on that in terms of how we actually achieved some of these results and input to the operating model, is our revenue management practice that we discussed in the last call. And while we're not immune to market inflections, but the point is we've invested in pricing science, costing science and technology that allows us to respond quickly to whatever event causes an inflection, whether that be short term or long term. And January, you saw a short-term inflection due to weather, but we had signals that we could respond to quickly and adjust based on revenue management principles. 
David Bozeman: And just to finish up here, Scott, it's -- I mean, it comes down to this company. The behaviors are changing. I mean if you look at the fidelity of our conversations, the speed of it, the ability to fail fast and really get after what we see could be broken, that's really starting to change. I'm trying to put on the table, what the front too. Like what's the difference here?
 And the difference is really about the fidelity of the conversations and how we're actually attacking our problems, identifying those problems and then driving it. And this particular model is really kind of linked. It ladders up from the divisional scorecards all the way up to the enterprise scorecards. And when you get that linkage, you really start connect to the entire company. And I would say the scaffolding is up, and we're starting our sustainable journey here but really feel good about it. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Jeff Kauffman of Vertical Research Partners. 
Jeffrey Kauffman: Congratulations to see numbers like this. Mike, a question on the working capital because I want to come back to this. Thank you for explaining that the ocean rates were driving the use of working capital. But I guess given what's going on in the world, is this going to continue to be a drain? And could we be looking at negative free cash flow for the first half or 2/3 of the year? 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes. Thanks for the comments, Jeff, and the question. And as you've seen how the cost of purchase transportation impacts our working capital through the cycle, you've seen that when costs and therefore, prices start to go up, because our DSO is greater than our DPO, we tend to absorb cash as we ride that inflection up. And so that may very well be in our future.
 However, the converse is also true. And you saw that as cost of purchase transportation came down and we received a net of about $1.5 billion back into our cash flow at the end of the last cycle as that came down. So you really can think about it as where your view is on where the cost and price are going on truckload, LTL, ocean and air and that -- and our working capital trends will tend to follow it. Now having said that, we're -- we expect, obviously, to have positive cash flows through the cycle and have demonstrated that in the past. 
Jeffrey Kauffman: Okay. And if we weren't having this unusual increase in some of these ocean rates and things going on around the world, just seasonally, should we be seeing better free cash flow as the year moves forward? 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Christopher Kuhn of Benchmark Company. 
Christopher Kuhn: Dave, can you maybe just talk about any changes to the compensation structure as part of this new model and if some of those changes impact maybe some of your better [ agents ]? And how are people reacting to some of the changes that you've implemented? 
David Bozeman: Yes. Thanks a lot, Christopher. On -- it's a good question. I like it because part of our operating model, we've talked about discipline and also connecting the company throughout. And part of that would be our compensation structure, and we feel good about that in 2 forms here.
 One, it's about balance, right? You heard us talk about being fit, fast, focused. When I look at the balance, and this is very, very important for the company and the culture, we're unapologetic for driving 2 things. It's going to be productivity plus growth. So it's volume, but it's profitable growth. It's a balance of getting our AGP and also getting our volume.
 And if you look at our -- essentially our base compensation, it's really about that 50-50 split for our people, and our people are incented to do that. And that's super important for us. And that's what you're kind of seeing in that.
 Now using the model to actually bring that forward, I mean, we do that. We do that on a good timely basis that would allow us to see kind of some of those inflections of inputs. And then that allows us to inspect, go deeper and really try to see if we're off on some of those metrics here. But it's really about that balance of profitable growth and volume, and that's what we're going to continue to drive here. 
Christopher Kuhn: Okay. And just maybe any thoughts on -- you've been there now for over a year, the portfolio review, some of the noncore businesses. I don't know if you have any thoughts on that and where those would be in the future. 
David Bozeman: Yes. As I said before, 4 Ps, people, product, process portfolio, that's going to -- that's not just static. That's dynamic. I'm going to continue to look at the company under those 4 Ps, but I've also said we're going to drive focus, right, and focus within our company in North America truckload, LTL, ocean and air. That's really just getting the company back to having that focus and driving that very well and implementing and performing very well within those kind of core focus stacks.
 That's what my near-term focus is, and I will always examine the company across those 4 Ps and make the necessary decisions that drive us back to that focus because, ultimately, that will drive better results for customers, better results for employees and ultimately, our investors and shareholders. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Stephanie Moore of Jefferies. 
Stephanie Benjamin Moore: Dave, I appreciate -- I think you do a great job of kind of outlining kind of your future and your vision for the company. And I think we clearly understand where you're trying to go and have certainly made some progress here at year-end into the first quarter. But could you maybe give us a little bit of insight in terms of what has been implemented across the organization to allow you to either move faster or follow the inputs? I mean things like going from being more centralized to more centralized, I don't know if it's installing new systems that now give you some daily KPIs, comp structure changes, any kind of more tangible examples that's been driving some of these results? 
David Bozeman: Yes. Thanks for the question. There's been a number of things in these -- the first 10 months. I mean as we talked and we talked in person and on the calls, the first thing is to really diagnose. I mean you can't start any type of fix or treatment if you don't really understand or, as I said before, I needed to go to Gemba, right? That's goal to the work and really understand the company.
 So took a good amount of time to just go down to the desk, visit various offices, make sure just kind of understand the life of an order, just understand the company itself. I was super pleased when I did that because our people really are awesome. I mean everywhere I go, they have awesome stories. They love this company, and they really put it in. So I was really pleased for that.
 But I would also came back and looked and I said, hey, there's opportunities here. There's opportunities to -- for simplification. There's opportunity to reduce complexity, drive discipline, the ability to fail fast. It's just things that I thought, at our scale, we could do better.
 And so I did bring, as I said before, some outside talent in -- Jim Reutlinger in to stand up the project management office and really to help kind of this Lean deployment. After a couple of months of really understanding, seeing the company and really getting -- going with implementation in first quarter, Jim and I, along with the senior leadership team, started to drive this operating model, which now takes a lot of our key inputs.
 And there are a number of different things that we look at, Stephanie, on the inputs, from headcount, shipments per person per day, cost per shipment, cost to serve, our customer service impacts, our AGP dollars per shipment, a number of different things that are linked to the various divisions. And that -- and now put that on a scheduled kind of cadence that we have that drives our operating model, starting with the senior leadership team and then it breaks out into the various divisions and then continue down within the organization.
 That took time to kind of build that, link it up and then drive that implementation -- start the implementation in the first quarter. That's different for this company. It's different in that, in this operating model, you have to address those things. Our new President of North American Surface Trans, Michael Castagnetto, has done a great job at really starting and driving that execution and that discipline into NAST.
 He has to drive his particular meetings that link to the enterprise, meetings on our inputs. And we're -- we don't talk about just outputs now. It's driving those inputs. And why? You do that because we can move the timescale up. And so when we're driving something and Michael is on a red for a particular input metric that we're looking at, we attack it then. We attack it right away. What resources do we need in the company to go attack it? What help do you need? It's visual management and driving that.
 That has moved us into solving things much faster and deliberate, but it's also given us learning about other things that are happening in the company that we can solve. So that's something that's been different. We've moved and I've combined marketing and communication and just making sure we drive synergies for that.
 And there's a number of other things that are internal in the company that we're moving for, but you do that off of learnings and making sure that whatever moves we're doing, it ultimately supports our strategy for more profitable growth and better returns to shareholders, a better environment for employees but better value and execution for customers as well.
 So that's how we're going about this, Stephanie. It's anyone that's been in Robinson. It feels different because it is different, and we're not going to stop at it. And we're on early innings here, as I said before, and we're -- you're going to keep seeing that as we go through the year. 
Stephanie Benjamin Moore: Got it. And then just a follow-up                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            to a question that was asked earlier. In terms of the AGP per day inflection that we saw kind of going from January to positive in March, I'm kind of -- we kind of all hear the same trends or we've been hearing the trends for the last week or so about it still being a pretty weak freight environment. Rates from what we track haven't changed too much. So can you really talk a little bit about what you were able to do to execute on kind of such an inflection in results? 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes, Stephanie, I'll take that one. And so you hear from Dave. You've heard about our operating model. There's execution inside that. We could pile on in terms of some of the examples. Dave talked about incentive changes coming into this year, the balanced volume and margin expectations on the business.
 And I think when you compare our results to the results of maybe some others, what you see is that we did have differential improvement as we went through the quarter. And one thing I would emphasize is, for example, on truckload. Our truckload cost per mile went up in Q1 versus Q4. So we had a sequential increase there, but we were still able to deliver margin expansion, both at the AGP level and at the operating income level.
 And so the yield management, the science, the data behind pricing, the work that's been going on, on that front, you want to see results, right? And so one indication, one metric that we try to show you guys to help understand that we're getting traction here and delivering results is in our shipments per person per day because that's really the measure of how productive our folks have been. 
 And one of the pivots we've made on that front is, I think, we've done a better job of balancing how technology can support the talent of our people. And one of the things we're most proud of is the expertise, the deep knowledge, the talent, the relationships with customers that our folks have. And what we've tried to do with our technology is figure out how to reduce manual tasks, manual touches, and we really target those areas so that our people can focus on what they do best and the relationships and solving problems for our customers. And so you see some of that starting to get traction.
 The other thing I would point to is generative AI. And one of the hallmarks of the freight industry is the amount of variation that exists. And that variation exists across all the modes and across all the lanes, and it's rooted in the fact that our customers have very specific demands about picks and drops and size and configurations. And the better you understand exactly what they need, the better you can solve their freight issues. But that variation runs counter to some of the productivity that has historically been machine learning, which requires a lot of programming inside of our proprietary software.
 But the high variation is actually something that generative AI can handle much more effectively. And so a lot of the efforts there have also been beneficial to helping us deliver those productivity numbers, the shipments per person per day numbers and the 17% NAST last year, the 20% in GF. And of course, we've got targets of 15% in NAST and 10% in GF this year. 
Arun Rajan: Yes. I'll just add that in terms of optimizing yield, this goes back to revenue management. And I'd say I'd describe it as Dave has the operating model installed, and I'd describe it as active management of optimizing volume and AGP. That happens every day, and it's a marriage of our science and our people. And I'd say we just manage it much more actively than we ever have, both on the cost side as well as a pricing side. That's what yields the AGP. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Elliot Alper of TD Cowen. 
Elliot Alper: This is Elliot Alper on for Jason Seidl. I wanted to ask about ocean capacity. We've heard some other ocean players that shippers have already adapted to a lot of the concerns whether it be the Red Sea or Panama Canal that appears to have been easing a bit. I guess we've seen spot rates come down notably from mid-February levels. I guess how should we think about pricing sequentially and maybe the puts and takes on growing the ocean business in the second quarter? 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes, Elliot, this is Mike. I'll take that question. So I think our view is consistent with what was implied in your question. And as the Red Sea disruptions happened as the Canal issues kind of came and have now -- haven't completely been solved but are more solved, that repositioning of capacity really puts a pinch on the market and what drove prices up.
 But once that capacity has been repositioned, and it largely has, then those prices have come back down, and you're now back to the basic principles of supply and demand. And on the supply side, the capacity side, the observation for the remainder of the year is there's more capacity coming into the ocean market than is coming out. And so there should be a fair amount of capacity there. 
 Now there may be some repositioning to accompany some of the changing dynamics in trade lanes where there's more density there, but net-net, more capacity coming in. So then you're back to the demand side. And we've seen a little bit of demand there, but no green shoots yet to suggest that we've got a trend moving for the remainder of the year. So your prediction of where it goes really depends on your view about the world economy and the U.S. economy, and we'll see how that plays out. 
David Bozeman: Yes, Elliot, and just to pin a couple of things on that as well. I mean we've said this in the past. We're -- our -- on average, our contract business for Global Forwarding is 30% to 40% in contract. So the remaining 60%, 70% of spot, obviously, we have an opportunity to do business in.
 But also, as Mike said, on the Panama Canal and to the essence of your question, I mean, it's improved as far as water levels. But the crossings, and we track that right now, are 27 a day, but that's normally 36 a day. So it's somewhat muted. As Mike said, we haven't seen any major green shoots there, but we watch that business with -- intently. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Tom Wadewitz of UBS. 
Thomas Wadewitz: Yes. Wanted to see if you could give some thoughts on -- I know you talked about the progression. Within April, are you seeing kind of a similar dynamic to what you said in margin, that improvement? And is that kind of more of a volume improvement? Or is that a gross margin percent improvement if you think about NAST?
 And then I guess I also wanted to just think about productivity drivers. You're doing a great job on that productivity number, that 15% in NAST. But do you think you get there more by volume growth picking up? Or is it -- you get some more sequential headcount reduction? Or is that just kind of depends on the market? 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes, I'll take your productivity side and then maybe pass it off to take another shot at the trends going forward in the market. But on the productivity front, the shipments per person per day front, we really have to be flexible to adapt our productivity delivery based on what kind of market we're in. 
 So what we're really doing, I think, now differentially from the past is thinking about installed capacity, thinking about how to handle demand without the need to bring on people when the demand comes back. But if the demand does not come back, we still got to deliver that productivity number. And so we really are trying to build the flexibility into our model to handle both a demand-based year or a soft market like we're in right now. 
David Bozeman: Yes. And I think -- Tom, this is Dave. The -- adding on to that, I -- where the team is doing a really nice job is -- at the end of the day, you have to look at work differently and take it away, the manual work that in a sense is capacity, right, I mean when you -- at our scale, when we have our people doing nominal task, that eats up capacity of a person.
 And I think Arun and team have done a really nice job at this is where you do use technology and large language models and a number of other things to now remove a lot of those kind of menial tasks and allowing our people to just kind of focus on the things they need to focus on, in a sense, gaining capacity, right, in doing that. 
 So that's really important on achieving this productivity part of shipments per person per day. It's getting smarter about the work and implementing that work. So I just want to add on to that.
 I think on trends, and Mike, you could jump in too. It's -- we feel good about where we're at, and we're concentrated on what we can control. I mean this is a soft market, and everyone is dealing with that. This is why we're staying disciplined, driving our model to execute. 
 And what we're saying is no matter what the marketplace is going into Q2, we want to execute within that market. I mean dealing with the lows of the markets and excelling at the highs of the market is something that we're laser focused on. And we're going to do that with our operating model, with our science and pricing and a number of the things we talked about today. 
Thomas Wadewitz: Does anybody else want to add any comments on kind of April and what it looks like and what might be driving it, kind of volume or gross margin? 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes. I think we've covered that. 
Thomas Wadewitz: For April -- or sorry, I might have just missed that earlier. 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes. We made comment earlier about Q1 and the progression that we made Q1 and our confidence in some of the progress we've made and the various elements inside the operating model. And as we move into Q2, just the way that a typical Q2 unfolds is that we get the produce business. We get the beverage business, and that strength is usually in the back half of Q2 for our business model. 
Thomas Wadewitz: Okay. So the year-over-year is still looking good. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Jonathan Chappell of Evercore ISI. 
Jonathan Chappell: Just a quick one on the competitive landscape. You're winning share. You've done better than other markets for 3 straight quarters, but at the same time, you're being disciplined on price.
 So is this a function of maybe smaller players exiting the market? There's been an interesting chart that's been circulating on the, I guess, exit of brokers. Do you feel like the capacity in the broker industry is closer to balance than maybe it is in the asset-heavy side of the equation?
 And is that helping you win share? Or is it more kind of company specific and the things that you've been talking about for the last half an hour or so that's driving those share gains? 
Arun Rajan: Yes. I would -- thanks for the question. I think it's both. This disciplined execution on our side, we've talked about that a lot. But clearly, there's pressure in the brokerage industry. And I think you've seen some of the exits. You saw Convoy last year. And I think we continue to get reports of smaller brokers who are unable to sustain this market. So I think it's both.
 I will say that while there might be some benefit from the market and smaller brokers or other brokers not doing well, I would over-index to the success being as a result of our operating model and the inputs and the discipline in that context. 
Jonathan Chappell: That makes sense. Do you have a sense, just as a quick follow-up, that the broker business at large is closer to balance, maybe closer to, let's call it, 2019 levels than the truckload market from an asset-heavy perspective is? 
David Bozeman: No. Jonathan, this is Dave. I would say it's not at the levels of 2019. We don't see that. Just as we see the influx on capacity and carrier capacity, we -- while that's coming down, we don't -- that's not at levels that we think it should be at this period in the cycle. But as far as brokers specifically, no, I would say that we're not at those levels of 2019. 
Operator: At this time, I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Ives for closing comments. 
Charles Ives: Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. That concludes today's earnings call, and we look forward to talking to you again. Have a great evening. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines or log off the webcast at this time, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Fourth Quarter 2023 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the company's prepared remarks, we will open the line for a live question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, January 31st, 2024. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chuck Ives, Director of Investor Relations.
Chuck Ives: Thank you, Donna, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today is Dave Bozeman, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Arun Rajan, our Chief Operating Officer; and Mike Zechmeister, our Chief Financial Officer. Dave and Mike will provide a summary of our fourth quarter results and our expense guidance for 2024. Arun will provide an update on our initiatives to improve the customer and carrier experience, improve operating leverage and increased focus on revenue management. And Dave will share the findings from his initial diagnosis of the company. From there, we will open the call up for questions. Our earnings presentation slides are supplemental to our earnings release and can be found in the Investors section of our website at investor.chrobinson.com. Our prepared comments are not intended to follow the slides. If we do refer to specific information on the slides, we will let you know which slide we're referencing. Today's remarks also contain certain non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of those measures to GAAP measures are included in the presentation. I'd also like to remind you that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. Slide 2 in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management's expectations. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Bozeman: Thank you, Chuck. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Our fourth quarter results did not meet our expectations as we continue to battle through a poor demand and pricing environment. But we made progress on a number of important initiatives, including charting our path forward. But let me address our results first. On our third quarter earnings call, we indicated the Q4 truck volumes in NAST could follow the normal seasonal pattern. And in fact, that is what occurred. Specifically, the average sequential Q4 decline in the Cass Freight Shipment Index over the past 10 years is 2.4%. Excluding the pandemic-impacted years of 2020 and 2021, the average sequential Q4 decline was 3.7%. In Q4 of 2023, the shipment index declined 4.3% sequentially and our combined truckload and LTL shipments declined less than the index at 3.5%. In Global Forwarding, we increased our ocean shipments on a year-over-year basis, but they were down sequentially as well, as they typically are in a fourth quarter. For the enterprise in total, the sequential declines in volume drove a 3% sequential decline in our Q4 AGP versus Q3. And this equated to $0.11 of our sequential EPS decline. Below gross profit, personnel and SG&A expenses were within the guidance ranges that we provided on our Q3 earnings call. Although personnel expenses were toward the high end of our guidance range. Sequentially, Q4 personnel expenses increased due to the reduction of our incentive compensation accruals in Q3 that we didn't expect to repeat in Q4, as was explained on our Q3 earnings call. SG&A expenses were down sequentially but slightly above the midpoint of our guidance. In total, the 3.7% sequential increase in our operating expenses equated to $0.13 of sequential EPS decline. The combination of all these changes in AGP and operating expenses, some of which were expected, drove the sequential decrease in operating income. Below operating income, there were a couple of significant items that negatively impacted our financial results and ultimately drove the remaining $0.10 of sequential decline in our adjusted EPS, namely non-cash losses on foreign currency revaluation and a higher income tax rate. Later in the call, Mike will share more details on these as well as provide guidance on our 2024 operating expenses. So that addresses why our Q4 results declined sequentially versus Q3. Now, I'll provide some additional details on our Q4 results in our North American Surface Transportation and Global Forwarding businesses. In our NAST truckload business, our Q4 volume declined approximately 1.5% year-over-year and 3.5% on a sequential basis. The weak demand environment in an elongated market trough combined with excess carrier capacity continued to result in a very competitive market. With the exception of the holiday weeks in Q4, the dry van load-to-truck ratio was around 2:1. And in the second half of the quarter, was the lowest the industry has seen in the past six years. With this environment at play in Q4, we targeted more truckload volume in the spot market, where we could capture more profit due to seasonal market tension. This led to a sequential improvement in our overall truckload AGP per load in October and November and for the quarter as a whole. Profit per load in December declined as expected as the cost of purchased transportation moves seasonally higher. For the quarter, we had an approximate mix of 65% contractual volume and 35% transactional volume in our truckload business compared to a 70/30 mix over the past three quarters. The sequential declines that we've seen in our truckload line haul cost per mile since Q2 of 2022 continued through November of 2023, before moving seasonally higher in December. On a year-over-year basis, we saw a decline of approximately 10.5% in our average Q4 truckload line haul cost per mile paid to carriers, excluding fuel surcharges. Due to the usual time lag associated with the resetting of contract pricing to follow spot market cost, our average truckload line haul rate or price built to our customers excluding fuel surcharges declined 13.5% on a year-over-year basis. With this price decline coming off a higher base than the costs, these changes resulted in a 29.5% year-over-year decrease in AGP per load. Moving into 2024, we will substantially increase our focus on revenue management objectives to better align revenue and cost in our contractual portfolio. Arun will share more on this in a little bit, but we intend to use our advanced pricing and contract management tools in a more surgical and disciplined approach as we navigate changing market conditions in the future with a focus on profitable growth. In our LTL business, Q4 shipments were down 0.5% on a year-over-year basis, and 3.5% sequentially. AGP per order declined 8.5% on a year-over-year basis, driven primarily by the soft market conditions and lower fuel prices. On a sequential basis, the cost and price of purchased transportation in the LTL market increased in Q4, primarily driven by the assets and capacity that have temporarily exited the LTL market. This resulted in a 3% sequential increase in AGP per order. In our Global Forwarding business, results continued to be impacted by the imbalance of soft demand and ample capacity. In Q4, our ocean forwarding AGP declined by 17.2% year-over-year, driven by a 20.5% decrease in AGP per shipment that was partially offset by a 4% increase in shipments. Compared to pre-pandemic levels, we have grown ocean market share by providing differentiated solutions and customer service and by leveraging investments in technology and talent, leading to the addition of new customers and diversification of the verticals and trade lanes that we serve. In the wake of the ongoing conflict in the Red Sea and low water levels in the Panama Canal, global supply chains are facing transit interruptions and vessel rerouting which is causing extended transit times and putting a strain on global ocean capacity. While the Asia to Europe trade lane has been most affected, the impact is extending to other lanes as carriers adjust routes based on shipping demand. As a result, ocean rates have increased sharply in Q1 on several trade lanes, including Asia to Europe and Asia to North America. While the Red Sea disruption continues without any clear timeline of when it will be resolved, the strain on capacity and the elevated spot rates are expected to continue through at least the Chinese New Year. As a global logistics provider with the scale and expertise to strategize and implement contingency plans, we're highly engaged with our customers to help them navigate the evolving situation and ensure flexibility and resilience in their supply chain. At some point, we expect that ocean pricing will loosen as new vessel capacity continues to enter the market in 2024. Looking ahead, we do not see any indications of a global freight volume upturn in the immediate future. In NAST, similar to the fourth quarter, the first quarter is typically characterized by a sequential decrease in ground transportation volumes. In fact, the average sequential Q1 decline in the Cass Freight Shipment Index over the past 10 years was 2.6%. As the global freight market fluctuates due to seasonal, cyclical, and geopolitical factors, we remain focused on what we can control by providing superior service to our customers and carriers, streamlining our processes by removing waste and manual touches, and delivering tools that enable our customer and carrier-facing employees to allocate their time to relationship building, value-added solutioning, and exception management. Our 17% improvement in NAST shipments per person per day in Q4, exceeded our stated 15% target and is an indicator of the progress that we've made on removing waste and manual touches. These efforts are also bearing fruit in other key areas of our business as Global Forwarding achieved a 20% year-over-year improvement in their Q4 shipments per person per month. Our continued focus on productivity improvement is one part of our plan to address and optimize our enterprise-wide structural cost. And we expect to carry our productivity momentum into 2024. Our commitment to deliver quality and continuous improvement to our customers continues to be validated by net promoter scores in 2023 that were the highest on record for the company, which we believe puts us in good position with customers ahead of the eventual rebound in the freight market. Our customers continue to value the quality, stability and reliability that we provide as they work to optimize their transportation needs. They want a partner who has financial strength and the ability to invest through cycles in the customer experience. They also want a partner who can meet their increasingly complex logistics needs by providing expertise and a breadth of innovative solutions enabled by technology and people that they can rely on to serve as an extension of their team. C.H. Robinson is that partner, with a combination of people, technology, and scale to deliver an unmatched customer experience, and with the breadth of capabilities to meet all their logistic needs, including value-added solutions for cross-border freight, drop trailer capacity, and retail consolidation. As we continue to improve the customer experience and our cost-to-serve, I'm focused on ensuring that we'll be ready for the eventual freight market rebound, with a durable cost structure that decouples volume growth from headcount growth and drives operating leverage. In order to further eliminate productivity bottlenecks in the highest leverage areas, we're focused on a handful of concurrent workstreams that will deliver an improved customer experience through process optimization. These focused workstreams are an example of how the leadership team and I have made changes to drive focus so that we position ourselves for growth in our core business. Our commitment to continuously improving the experience of our customers and carriers and eliminating inefficiencies from our processes will make us a company that is faster, more flexible, and more agile in solving problems for our customers, delivering better customer service, and creating operating leverage and profitable growth. I'll turn it over to Arun now to provide more details on our efforts to strengthen our customer and carrier experience, and our revenue management practices and improve our efficiency and operating leverage.
Arun Rajan: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. As Dave said, we continue to execute on a handful of concurrent workstreams that are addressing significant opportunities to eliminate productivity bottlenecks and to deliver process optimization and an improved customer experience. Two of the workstreams on the productivity roadmap are aimed at quoting and order entry. In both areas, we are reducing manual touches and our response time to customers driving faster speed-to-market and higher customer engagement. In addition to our past learnings, we're leaning more heavily on Generative AI to deliver process improvements. In our order entry workstream, we're utilizing GenAI to translate structured and unstructured emails, PDFs, and Excel files that we receive from customers and their vendors into orders on our system. This solution fills in customer-specific requirements based on their past history and customer-specific prompts and scenarios entered by frontline teams who know the customers' business. GenAI puts the power of large language models into the hands of our front-line teams, rather than relying solely on data scientists to train models for unique customer requirements. While our preference is still to receive an order via API or other structured electronic means, there's large variability in how customer orders are transmitted. And this new method allows customers to have an interaction as though we receive their order via structured electronic means even when they choose to email an order to us. With more data and history to leverage than any other 3PL, we have opportunities to harness the power that Generative AI now offers to further capitalize on our information advantage, and we'll continue to look for and pursue those opportunities. Another area where we've advanced our capabilities is in touchless appointments where we've introduced technology to automate the entire process. This technology also uses AI to determine the optimal appointment based on transit time data from our millions of shipments across 300,000 shipping lanes, facility data such as peak dwell time and the most convenient time windows for carriers. This advancement saves shippers a considerable amount of time, enables them to achieve higher service levels and saves them money by avoiding chargebacks or fines they might face due to freight arriving too early or too late. In addition to an improved customer experience, our efforts are increasing the digital execution of critical touch points in the lifecycle of an order from quote to cash, thereby reducing the number of manual tasks per shipment and the time per task. This translates to productivity improvements, measured in terms of shipments per person per day, which creates operating leverage. As Dave mentioned earlier, we surpassed our 2023 goal of a 15% year-over-year improvement in NAST shipments per person per day with 17% improvement achieved in Q4. As we deliver further process optimization and an improved customer experience, we plan to deliver the compounded cost structure benefits of additional 2024 productivity improvements of 15% NAST and 10% in Global Forwarding with technology that supports our people and processes. As Dave also mentioned, revenue management is a key focus for us as we navigate this difficult freight market. With continued investment in our pricing science and contract management technology over the course of 2023, we're now in a better position to respond to dynamic market conditions with the tools and capabilities we've developed. In 2024, we will increase our rigor and disciplines of the application of these tools and capabilities. These tools, together with our scale, data and customer and carrier relationships underpin our revenue management function through which we can be more surgical in how we approach customer discussions and how we implement a disciplined pricing and profitable growth strategy based on individual customer value propositions. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike for a review of our fourth quarter results.
Mike Zechmeister: Thanks, Arun, and good afternoon, everyone. The soft freight market outlined by Dave resulted in fourth quarter total revenues of $4.2 billion and adjusted gross profit or AGP of $618.6 million which was down 20% year-over-year, driven by a 24% decline in NAST and a 14% decline in Global Forwarding. On a monthly basis compared to Q4 of 2022, our total company AGP per business day was down 24% in October, down 20% in November, and down 13% in December. Turning to expenses, Q4 personnel expenses were $361.8 million, including a $1.3 million favorable restructuring charge adjustment, primarily driven by the significant devaluation of the Argentine peso prior to completing the divestiture of our Global Forwarding operations in Argentina. Excluding these reversals, our Q4 personnel expenses of $363.2 million were down 10.5% year-over-year, primarily due to our cost optimization efforts and lower variable compensation. Our average Q4 headcount was down 13.3% year-over-year, including double-digit decreases in NAST, Global Forwarding, and our All Other and Corporate segments. Ending headcount was down 12.4% year-over-year to 15,246. As Dave mentioned, the sequential increase in our Q4 personnel expenses was included in our guidance. Although Q4 personnel expenses were within our guidance range, they came in at the higher-end due to the achievement of certain objective bonus targets, for example, delivering results on cost-reduction initiatives. Moving to SG&A. Q4 expenses were $149.4 million, including a $2.9 million reversal of restructuring charges, also driven by the peso deflation prior to completing the divestiture of our Global Forwarding operations in Argentina. Excluding the reversal, SG&A expenses were $152.3 million, a decline of 5.8% year-over-year, primarily due to reductions in contingent worker expenses, and were down 2.6% sequentially. As you recall from our Q1 earnings call in April, we raised our cost-savings commitment to $300 million from $150 million which was defined as the net annualized cost savings by Q4 of 2023, compared to the annualized run rate of Q3 of 2022 which is when a commitment was originally made. With the progress on our 2023 productivity initiatives, we delivered $346 million in cost savings for the full year excluding restructuring charges with the majority of these savings expected to be long-term structural changes. Consistent with our strategy, we believe these cost savings will improve our operating leverage and help our margins as demand and a more balanced freight market return. Turning to our 2024 annual operating expense guidance. We expect our personnel expenses to be $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion. At the midpoint, this is up 0.2% compared to our 2023 total of $1.447 billion excluding restructuring charges. The personnel expense drivers in 2024 include two items that are expected to offset each other, the restoration of target incentive compensation related to the expected improvement in financial performance will be offset by continued productivity improvements across the business, and lower headcount as the team continues to decouple volume growth and headcount growth. 2024 SG&A expenses are expected to be in the range of $575 million to $625 million, down 0.8% at the midpoint, excluding the restructuring charges in 2023. This includes 2024 depreciation and amortization expense that is expected to be $90 million to $100 million. Although most of our SG&A expenses are subject to inflation, we expect continued cost reduction efforts to offset the inflationary impact. Shifting to expenses below operating income. Our Q4 interest and other expense totaled $38.1 million, which was down $4.3 million, or 10.1% year-over-year. Q4 included $21.6 million in interest expense, which was down $3.1 million, or 12.6% versus Q4 of 2022, driven by $394 million of debt reduction compared to Q4 of '22. Another factor that drove Q4 other expense was an $18.5 million loss on foreign currency revaluation and realized foreign currency gains and losses, which is compared to a $16.9 million loss in Q4 of 2022. The Q4 loss was driven primarily by weakness in the Argentine peso and euro relative to the US dollar. As a reminder, our FX impacts are predominantly non-cash gains and losses related to intercompany assets and liabilities. On a sequential basis, FX had an unfavorable impact of $18.4 million and included an $8.9 million loss related to the significant devaluation of the Argentine peso prior to exiting the business in late December. As you recall from our third quarter earnings call, operating in Argentina had become challenging due to its strict monetary policies and currency devaluation. The divestiture mitigates our exposure to the deteriorating economic conditions and the increasing political instability in that region. As a part of the divesting of our operations in Argentina, we converted the business to a local independent agent to ensure continued service to our customers with shipments in that region. There were also a couple of large one-time tax-related items that impacted our results in Q4. Our Q4 tax provision of $38.3 million included a tax settlement of $19.2 million and $4.7 million of tax expense related to the Argentina divestiture. In regard to the tax settlement, the company came to an agreement with the I.R.S. Appeals division on a tax position related to tax incentives for domestic investments in the years 2014 through 2017. Although we maintained that our software investments were supportable deductions, we were only offered a partial settlement, factoring in costs of litigation, expert advice, and that other companies who have challenged similar positions have experienced unfavorable results. We decided it was in our best interest to settle the issue. The company has no ongoing financial exposure relating to this specific deduction as it was eliminated from the tax code beginning in 2018. Excluding these one-time tax expenses, our effective tax rate came in at 19.5% for the quarter and 15.0% for the year, compared to 19.3% in 2022. Our lower tax rate in 2023 was primarily driven by our -- by lower pretax income and incremental benefits from foreign tax credits. We expect our 2024 full year effective tax rate to be in the range of 17% to 19%. Q4 adjusted or non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.50 excludes $23.9 million of one-time tax expenses, $8.9 million of foreign currency losses on divested Argentina operations, and the $4.3 million reversal of restructuring charges. Turning to cash flow. Q4 cash flow generated by operations was $47 million, compared to $773 million in Q4 of 2022. The year-over-year decline in cash flow was primarily driven by changes in net operating working capital. In Q4 of 2022, we had a $650 million sequential decrease in net operating working capital, driven by the sharply declining costs and price of purchased transportation. In Q4 of 2023, we had a $7 million sequential increase in net operating working capital. In Q4, our capital expenditures were $16.1 million compared to $27.8 million in Q4 of 2022. We expect 2024 capital expenditures to be $85 million to $95 million. We've returned $74 million of cash to shareholders in Q4, which was down 85% year-over-year, primarily due to the decline in cash from operations. Now onto the balance sheet. We ended Q4 with approximately $1.0 billion of liquidity comprised of $840 million of committed funding under our credit facilities and a cash balance of $146 million. Our debt balance at the end of Q4 was $1.6 billion, which was down $394 million since the end of 2022. Our net debt to EBITDA leverage at the end of Q4 was 2.34 times, up from 2.10 times at the end of Q3, driven by the lower EBITDA. Our capital allocation strategy is grounded in maintaining an investment grade credit rating, which allows us to optimize our weighted average cost of capital. Our $619 million in debt paydown since Q3 of 2022 has helped maintain our strong liquidity position and investment grade credit rating. Keep in mind that the cash that we use to reduce debt generally reduced the amount of cash for share repurchases. Overall, I'm encouraged by the much needed progress that was made on our 2023 productivity initiatives and the plans in place to build on that progress in 2024. With the 17% productivity improvement delivered in NAST and the 20% productivity improvement in Global Forwarding in 2023, combined with an expectation of an additional 15% in NAST and 10% in Global Forwarding in 2024, each business is expected to deliver compounded productivity improvements of 32% or better over the two-year period. A robust pipeline of process technology and waste elimination initiatives continues to be acted upon. By leveraging Generative AI combined with machine learning to take the capability of our people to an even higher level, Robinson is positioned well to further reduce waste and drive structural cost changes that improve our operating leverage and help deliver on the long-term operating income margin expectations. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Dave for his final comments.
Dave Bozeman: Thanks, Mike. We shared a sentiment of some of our peers in that we're happy to say goodbye to 2023. And although 2024 still presents some of the same challenges and headwinds, I'm excited about the work that we're doing to reinvigorate Robinson's winning culture. Over my first six months here, I completed my initial diagnosis and we're taking actions to chart our path forward. At a high level, we need to focus on both our customer value proposition and revenue generation, and our structural cost, and we need to aggressively seek the optimal balance. Let's review my findings. First, our structural cost base grew too much during the pandemic and we made significant progress on reducing that cost structure in 2023, but it needs to continue to improve. We will do that by embedding lean practices, removing waste and expanding our digital capabilities. This will enable us to strengthen our productivity and optimize our organization structure in order to be the most efficient operator in addition to the highest value provider. Second, as I listen to our customers, it's clear that their logistics needs are becoming increasingly complex and robust capabilities are required to power vertical-centric and value-added solutions. I have found that C.H. Robinson has people with deep expertise in the freight market and long standing trusted relationships with our customers and carriers. This is a competitive advantage, but we can do a better job of leveraging our unique expertise and information advantage and advance our cutting-edge technology to deliver more robust capabilities and market leading outcomes. Third, we need to focus on profitable growth in our four core modes, North American truckload and LTL, and global ocean and air as the engines to ignite growth by reclaiming share in eroded segments and expanding our addressable market through value-added services and solutions that drive new volume to the core modes. And fourth, we need to drive better synergies across our portfolio of services to accelerate profitable growth. One way that we're going to do this is by improving how we go to market as one company with unified account management versus showing up as distinct business units. Our journey to unlock the power of our portfolio is underway as we take action on all of these fronts. One example of this is the recent launching of our Enterprise Strategy Program Management office and the addition of Jim Reutlinger to the senior leadership team to lead our strategic approach to our critical planning activities. Jim is an expert in continuous improvement and lean methodology and he brings learnings from his leadership experience at Danaher, a company with a well-established reputation for continuous improvement. Jim will help us drive lean principles and continuous improvement deeper into the organization and create growth and success in our strategic priorities. I continue to see an opportunity for the company to reach its full potential and create more shareholder value by improving our value proposition, increasing our market share, accelerating growth, further reducing our structural cost, and improving our efficiency, operating margins and profitability. I'm confident that together we will win for our customers, carriers, employees and shareholders, and I'm incredibly excited about our future. This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll turn it back to Donna now for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. In order to let as many callers ask questions as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Brian Ossenbeck: Hey, afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Dave, maybe I can just ask you to give a little more context around the rationale of pivoting more to the spot market. You've been running a little bit harder in contract for longer, so just wanted to see what changed in terms of why you went that route and then maybe tying on to that, the revenue management focus things would be really important, especially given we all know what happens when the market recovers, contracts get squeezed. Last cycle, Robinson had a pretty big headwind from negative files. So wanted to hear if this new focus was potentially going to limit that eventuality as we see the market turn? Thanks.
Dave Bozeman: Hey, Brian, I'm going to have Arun jump in and address your question. Thanks for the question, by the way.
Arun Rajan: Yeah, Brian, I think the way we look at it is it's opportunistic, right? I mean, where the -- where we can get profitable demand, we will go. And there was an opportunity in the spot market, so we went there. As it srelates to revenue management, ultimately, as you know, the market is soft and so it's a very, very competitive environment. And the reality is, I think everybody's in this situation where prices are low, costs are also low. And I think what we have to think about it from -- think about from a revenue management perspective is sort of the short term and the long term. I mean there's two different perspectives. Right. And so seasonally we expect around the holidays costs to go up and then settle back down. What's different this year is the winter storms and such have kept costs a bit elevated. But regardless, in the short term, we have contracts, we have commitments, and based on our revenue management objectives, our value proposition to the customer and certain customer attributes, we make a determination on when we reprice certain targeted lanes. In the short term, we don't see an inflection in the market. So we're not really triggering any major repricing other than making sure we're trying to grab as much volume as we can in the spot market. But the revenue management sort of -- discipline will really kick in if there's a true sustained inflection in the market and we don't quite see that yet.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Jack Atkins of Stephens, Inc. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins: Okay, great. Thanks for taking my question. And first, Mike, I just want to say really enjoyed working with you and congratulations as you move on to the next phase of your career. I guess, a lot of different ways we could go with this, I guess, would love to get your thoughts on just broadly the first quarter. We've had -- Arun, to your point, things have tightened up here in January with the winter storms. We've seen some volatility in the Global Forwarding markets as well. How does that impact -- how has that impacted your business through January? Are you seeing AGP get squeezed a bit? Could you maybe walk us through what you're seeing in the business so far this year?
Arun Rajan: Yeah, Jack, thanks for the question. Sort of building on my response to Brian. January, we have this -- I think we all know this, there's a seasonal cost increase as capacity comes out of the market for the holidays. We expect that to generally settle down by the second week of January or latest by mid-January. And we haven't seen that. Well, we've seen that in markets that are not affected by adverse weather, but where there has been weather, storms that were unexpectedly -- that were just unexpected or worse than what were -- what was expected, what we're seeing is a lot of cost pressure and essentially capacity pressure, increased load to truck ratios, increased cost per mile in those markets. Now we're starting to see that ease up and dissipate as the weather sort of dissipates. And so, from our perspective, everything that we see in the data suggests that any cost increases that we saw in January are purely a function of weather. Because like I said, we see that weather impacted areas have this capacity strain versus non-weather impacted regions. So -- but as these storms dissipate and cost per mile comes back down, I think we're back to where we expected this year to be in terms of costs. And so in terms of revenue management, and how we think about that in the short term, we could make a decision to go reprice customers, but the idea is to honor commitments so long as changes in the costs are short term. However, if we see that this sustains, our revenue management will kick in. And based on sort of our revenue management objectives, the value we provide customers and customer attributes, we will have to do targeted repricing.
Jack Atkins: Okay, got it. And then, Arun, could you maybe touch on the Global Forwarding side of it as well, just because there's been volatility there too?
Mike Zechmeister: Hey, Jack, I'll chime in on that. And first of all, thanks for your comments, I appreciate it. Feeling is mutual. Yeah, just before I go into Ocean, just maybe add a comment on the truck side. And I think one point to be made about where we're at and the AGP that's coming in for us both in Q4 and then into January, is the emphasis on the point about this elongated trough and its impact on our contract business in particular. And if you look at cycles from the past that aren't as prolonged as you're coming down and then coming back up, the older contracts that you have in your portfolio still have higher pricing. One of the differences here is this elongated trough has caused time to pass such that we've repriced pretty much our entire portfolio. So what's different is we have more contracts now at current market price than we would normally have at this point in the cycle. And that's suppressing the margin, even with normal activity underneath. And it's really just a mechanical reflection of an elongated trough. So I just wanted to throw that in there also. Then over -- on the Ocean side, yeah, a lot going on there. Obviously, you read about what's going on in the Red Sea. We've got water depth issues in Panama Canal, and that has caused a lot of the capacity to be rerouted, which I think we would consider to be a temporary capacity disruption on the Ocean side, which has really led to some increased pricing, both at the end of Q4 and then into January in the marketplace. I don't think that we see that as being demand-driven at this point, and it's really probably a temporary capacity disruption. So I think after we get past Chinese New Year and with the additional capacity that's also coming in in 2024, I think you'll see some kind of normalization there. The other point I'd make on Ocean is that the composition of that business from contract to spot is very different than what we have in truckload. In fact, in the Ocean side, we're only about 20% contract as opposed to what we were quoting on the truckload side at 65%. So that's just another difference to keep in mind. And that means we're able to benefit from the increased spot market in Ocean more immediately than we are on the truckload side.
Jack Atkins: Okay, thank you very much. Really appreciate it, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Jon Chapelle of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Jon Chapelle: Thank you. Good afternoon. So clearly this tough market had an impact on others as well. Those are not as well as financially secure as C.H. Robinson is. We've seen some bigger names go out of business. I'm just wondering now, as this elongated market reaches almost the third year, are you seeing any desperation in some of the newer or maybe even established competitors out there that's creating an even more either volatile or kind of punitive pricing environment? And if so, what's the opportunities and risks to you in that type of backdrop?
Mike Zechmeister: Thanks for the question, John. Let me take a cut at that. So you're right, it is a very stressed market and one of the things that we believe may be an advantage to us in this stressed market is that we're still investing. We're still putting our money down on the pipeline of projects that we intended to do. In fact, as we try to increase clock speed, we're doing some of those projects concurrently. And so while others may be looking to cut to kind of hang in there, weather the storm, we're continuing to make ourselves better with the idea that when we emerge the inevitable turn here, we'll be stronger as we come out. Wouldn't comment on anybody specifically in there in the pinched front, but boy, we certainly hear about it. We see it. The implications out there are clear given where we've been and how long we've been there.
Jon Chapelle: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Hey, thanks. Good afternoon, guys. It looks like from a cost perspective, as you think about 2024, that you're guiding OpEx to be roughly flattish year-over -year. I think you guys have also said that you're not necessarily expecting a freight rebound coming in 2024, at least as far as you can see in the relative near term. So I guess I was just trying to square that up. Obviously, you guys have added a lot of costs for COVID, Dave, as you noted. So as you think about sort of the opportunity here, is flat enough for 2024, and maybe you can help us give some perspective of what the longer term might look like on a cost basis.
Mike Zechmeister: Yeah, Chris, let me take a cut at that. So appreciate the question. There are some offsetting things going on here. One is that we've got restoration of our incentives in 2024, and we've got normal inflation that's hitting, and so we're offsetting that. And to break it down and just be a little more specific about your question, on the personnel side, the midpoint of our guidance is up 0.2% versus where we landed in 2023 ex-restructuring. And on the SG&A side, we're down 0.8% at the midpoint versus where we landed ex-restructuring in 2023. But we absolutely have to improve our cost structure. We continue on that path. The productivity numbers that we generated, the 17% in NAST and 20% in GF, as you heard, continue into 2024, 15% on NAST and another 10% on GF. So we're talking about over 30% on a compound basis in both businesses here over the two-year period. So the efforts continue. We do expect some rebound in the market, so that we'll have some volume pickup there as well. But we got to continue to head down the path that we've been on.
Dave Bozeman: Yeah, Chris, just to add on to what Mike said, we're also looking at this to, as we've said before, is really position ourselves to be in a strong pole position for the market rebound, and we feel good about where we're headed there. Best data we have is back half of this year. If we start seeing that inflection, we're driving our cost structure to have really that operating leverage put us in a great position as well as continue to go after structural cost while creating that balance. So I feel really good about that and the things that we're putting in place to drive that. So thanks for the question.
Chris Wetherbee: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Stephanie Moore of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Stephanie Moore: Hi. Good afternoon. Thank you. I was hoping that you could maybe touch a little bit on what you're seeing kind of bid environment, where it stands today and how it's been trending and those conversations have been going. And on the other side, would love to get your thoughts on what you're seeing in terms of capacity exits. I think we all are pretty aware of what's going on on the demand side, but capacity exits have been much slower for the last year. So would love to hear your thoughts on kind of where that stands today. Thanks.
Arun Rajan: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Stephanie. In terms of bids, there's a variety. Customers come in their own forms and there are different customers with different approaches. A lot of customers want resilient pricing in their contracts. So, meaning, like, they know the market is going to turn at some point and they want to price some of that prediction in such that the contract doesn't have to be repriced, whereas others want to be more aggressive and want us to quote, based on what the market looks like today, understanding that none of us have a crystal ball. So there's a variety of contracts and variety of customers in terms of the bid environment. Having said that, the way we approach pricing any of these contracts is obviously a combination of our revenue management objectives, the attributes of the customer, things like their customer lifetime value and so on. And finally, the value proposition that we deliver. So on balance, we have to consider all those things in terms of how we respond based on what the customer is asking for, such that we can sustain through the contract in a way that meets our objectives. And in terms of capacity coming out of the market, Mike, do you want to take that?
Mike Zechmeister: Yeah, sure, Stephanie, I'll cover that. So, one of the interesting differences in this cycle has been the delay in the capacity on the truckload coming out. But the good news is we are starting to see that kind of normal behavior, the capacity coming out. There's a little bit of momentum in that space. It hasn't significantly impacted pricing yet, but we'd expect that to come. Just by way of example, one of the things that we track is new carrier sign-ups. Last year we were about 9,100 in Q4, and we're about half that, a little less than half that here in this past Q4. So would expect that to continue. When you think about -- on the Ocean side, I think it's a little bit different story where there'll probably be a net capacity increase in '24 on the Ocean side.
Stephanie Moore: Helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Jeff Kauffman of Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you very much. And thank you for laying everything out so clearly today. I want to revisit David's assessment and in particular the focus on the core four. Is there an implication here that we're applying the 80/20 rule and those are the four businesses that we really want to drive, or is the implication here that we're going to simplify the structure at Robinson? And if you're not part of the core four, then eventually that might not be a business we're in in the long run.
Dave Bozeman: Hey, Jeff, thanks for the question. Yeah, let me double-click on that a little bit more here. The implication as we're looking forward is about what you said the first time. It's about focus for where we want to go. Our focus for this company is truckload, LTL, Ocean, and Air. And that doesn't mean -- I mean, we have a lot of other feeder type of businesses that will help to drive the growth of those key businesses that I spoke of. And that's really what our focus is going to be about. Now you're going to always look at things and evaluate them and say what's the best for the company from an operational perspective and long term. But focus is about really truckload and it's about LTL, Ocean, Air and maximizing the feed of those particular businesses. So that's really where I'm doing, and I'm constantly evaluating the entire company on that.
Jeff Kauffman: Okay, that's my one. Thank you for the clarification.
Dave Bozeman: You got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The last question today is coming from Bruce Chan of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Bruce Chan: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Dave, you talked about one of your big findings, I think it was number four, as being the opportunity to drive some better synergies across the portfolio. Maybe if you could just talk about how many of your customers today are using multiple service lines and where that number could go, or if you're thinking about that in a different way, like what the revenue synergy opportunity could be, I'd love to get some color on that too.
Dave Bozeman: Yeah, Bruce, thanks for the question. The -- today if you look at -- let's just focus on our two largest businesses, which really kind of drive overall for Robinson, in NAST and Global Forwarding. We track today our customers. Half of our customers use essentially both NAST and Global Forwarding Services are driven by [half] (ph). So what we're looking at is that the opportunity there, while that's good, we think that there's a opportunity for more wallet share that we have there by unlocking the potential of those services. And as I look at this, showing up in a more synergistic fashion, which is something that I notice going forward, our customers really want that. They want solutions to complicated problems that they have in their supply chain. We can offer that, and I think that separates us out. But showing up as kind of a la carte or individual solutions, I think while we're generating some value there, there's more value we get by really showing up as a suite of services to solve more complicated, deeper issues for the customer. And that's why we're focusing on that. We have good momentum and energy around that, and we have some structured things that we're doing already within the company to drive and unlock some of that value.
Bruce Chan: I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We actually do have time for an additional question. The next question is coming from David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for fitting me in here. Just a real quick question. It doesn't sound like we're given any sort of explicit guidance for the year, which I totally understand and respect given the uncertainty that's out there. But I'd love your thoughts on whether sort of the exit rate of fourth quarter here is kind of as bad as it gets, or do we expect it to get a little rockier? And then any thoughts on how we can translate the productivity numbers you guys are giving us in terms of 32% compound into profitability? Thank you.
Mike Zechmeister: Yeah, thanks, David. So I would say a couple of things on that. We have a history of giving you expense guidance across the business. So we give you personnel, SG&A, CapEx, depreciation, amortization, tax rate, but we don't give AGP. And that's really because of the volatility that we all experience in this business and the difficulty in predicting the macro demand and capacity elements that drive the pricing there. So we've tried to stay away from that. Part and parcel to that, to your question about we're here in the trough, how long does the trough last? When do we come out of it? We provide some guidance on our website about where we think pricing is going, but again, we're doing our best to forecast where we're at, but those things are very difficult to know with certainty. And so kind of the same element there of the comments that we've made, I think our back half of the year is when things start to really turn around the truck.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Ives for closing comments.
Chuck Ives: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. That concludes today's earnings call. We look forward to talking to you again. Have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines or log-off the webcast at this time and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Third Quarter 2023 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, November 1, 2023.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Chuck Ives, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Charles Ives: Thank you, Donna, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today is Dave Bozeman, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Zechmeister, our Chief Financial Officer; and Arun Rajan, our Chief Operating Officer.  
 Dave will provide some introductory comments. Arun will provide an update on our initiatives to improve our customer and carrier experience and our operating leverage. Mike will provide a summary of our 2023 third quarter results and our expense guidance for 2023, and then we will open the call up for questions. 
 Our earnings presentation slides are supplemental to our earnings release and can be found on the Investors section of our website at investor.chrobinson.com. Our prepared comments are not intended to follow the slides. If we do refer to specific information on the slides, we will let you know which slide we're referencing. 
 Today's remarks also contain certain non-GAAP measures, and reconciliations of those measures to GAAP measures are included in the presentation. I'd also like to remind you that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. Slide 2 in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management's expectations.
 And with that, I'll turn the call over to Dave. 
David Bozeman: Thank you, Chuck. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today.
 As has been well-documented by many industry participants and observers, global freight demand continued to be weak in the third quarter. This, combined with ample carrier capacity continued to result in a loose market with low spot rates. Load-to-truck ratios remain near the low levels of 2019. And route guide depth in our managed service business of 1.15 in Q3, indicates that primary freight providers are accepting most of the contractual freight tendered to them, resulting in fewer spot market opportunities. 
 In the freight forwarding market, ocean vessel and airfreight capacity continues to exceed demand, resulting in suppressed rates for ocean and airfreight. We are staying focused on what we can control by providing superior service to our customers and carriers, executing on our plans to streamline our processes by removing waste and manual touches, and delivering tools that enable our customers and carrier-facing employees to allocate their time to relationship building and exception management.
 Our focus on delivering quality and improvements to our customers, such as enhanced visibility and increased automation has been reflected in very positive feedback from my meetings with customers and validated by Net Promoter Scores this year that are the highest on record for the company, which we believe sets us up well with customers for the eventual positive inflection in the freight market.  
 Our customers value the quality, stability and reliability that we provide as they work to optimize their transportation needs. This has taken on a greater importance to shippers who had exposure to transportation providers whose business models were not financially viable.
 During my many discussions with customers over the past 4 months, it's clear that they prefer partners who have financial strength and can invest through cycles in the customer experience. They also want partners who have the expertise to provide innovative solutions enabled by technology and people that they rely on to serve as an extension of their team. C.H. Robinson is that partner, with a combination of people, technology and scale to deliver an unmatched customer and carrier experience.  
  As I mentioned earlier, we're executing on our plans to streamline our processes by removing waste and manual touches. The result has been meaningful cost reductions and productivity gains across our business that are ahead of our stated targets.
 In our North American Surface Transportation business, our productivity improvements have translated into an 18% year-to-date increase in shipments per person per day. Assuming a typical seasonal volume pullback in Q4, we are on track to meet or exceed our target of 15% year-over-year improvement by Q4 of this year.  
 From a cost reduction perspective, we reduced Q3 operating expenses and NAST by 22% year-over-year versus a volume decline of only 3.5%. In our Global Forwarding business, Q3 operating expenses, excluding $23.6 million of restructuring charges declined 12% year-over-year despite a slight increase in the number of shipments.
 And for the full enterprise, Q3 operating expenses, excluding $24.5 million of restructuring charges declined 17% year-over-year compared to a 3% decrease in overall volume. As we continue to improve the customer experience and our cost to serve, I'm focused on ensuring that we'll be ready for the eventual freight market rebound. This means growing volume without adding headcount.  
 We believe our team's continuing efforts to streamline our processes and remove manual touches gets us there. Even though I'm pleased with the progress that the team has made, I've challenged them to increase our clock speed on decision-making and improvement efforts. I started by asking our employees company-wide to share what was impeding their speed and where they saw opportunity to create greater efficiency in their daily processes.
 The incredible response rate confirmed the desire of our employees to strengthen the company and the speak-up culture that exists. The responses validated some of our focus items and also highlighted some new opportunities.
 We're now driving focus on a handful of concurrent work streams that are addressing the highest leverage areas to eliminate productivity bottlenecks. We're bringing forward past lessons on team structure and on mechanisms to drive adoption in order to deliver an improved customer experience through process optimization.
 Our 18% year-to-date productivity improvement is an indicator of the progress that we're already making. I'll turn it over to Arun shortly to share more about this and how we're utilizing generative AI. But these focused work streams are an example of how the leadership team and I are making changes and driving focus so that we position ourselves for growth in our core business.
 Ultimately, our focus on continuously improving the customer and carrier experience and removing waste from our workflows will result in a company that is quicker, more flexible and more agile in solving problems for our customers, providing better customer service and creating operating leverage and profitable growth. 
 I'm excited about the work that we're doing to reinvigorate Robinson's winning culture, and I'm confident that together, we will win for our customers, carriers, employees and shareholders.
 With that, I'll turn it over to Arun to provide more details on our efforts to strengthen our customer and carrier experience and improve our efficiency and operating leverage. 
Arun Rajan: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone.  
 As Dave mentioned, we've identified a handful of concurrent work streams that are addressing significant opportunities to eliminate productivity bottlenecks and deliver process optimization and an improved customer experience. We're leveraging the strength and experience of our single-threaded business process owners who are leading cross-functional teams across these work streams with dedicated product, engineering, data science and AI resources assigned to each work stream along with alignment of shared goals, incentives and process accountability.
 A couple of examples of these work streams on the productivity roadmap are quoting and order entry. In both of these areas, we are reducing manual touches and our response time to customers, driving faster speed to market and higher customer engagement. In addition to our past learnings, we're leaning more heavily on generative AI to deliver process improvements.
 In our quoting work stream, we've utilized Gen AI to fill in the blanks where there's incomplete and unstructured information in an automated and efficient process, which has reduced the time to provide a quote from approximately 5 minutes to less than 1 minute, from the time the request is received via e-mail.
 In the last week of the quarter, over 10,000 transactional quotes were created using a Gen AI agent, and we have a significant opportunity to scale and grow in this area as we bring this capability to more customers, respond to more quote requests and leverage the ability to provide transactional quoting 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. 
 With more data and history to leverage than any other 3PL, we have opportunities to harness the power that this advanced technology now offers to further capitalize on our information advantage. And we'll continue to look for and pursue those opportunities.
 In addition to improved customer service and engagement, these efforts are increasing our digital execution of critical touch points in the life cycle of an order from quote to cash, thereby reducing the number of manual tasks per shipment and the time for tasks. This translates to productivity improvements measured in terms of shipments per person per day, which creates operating leverage.
 For example, a 15% productivity target translates to an ability to grow volume by 15% without adding headcount to support that volume growth. And if volume growth is less than 15%,  the 15% improvement target would be achieved through a combination of volume growth and headcount reduction. Either of these creates operating leverage.
 As Dave mentioned earlier, we surpassed our goal of a 15% year-over-year improvement in shipments per person per day by Q4 of this year with an 18% year-to-date improvement achieved through Q3. As we raise the bar on our clock speed and deliver further process optimization and an improved customer experience, we plan to deliver the compounded benefits of additional productivity improvements beyond 2023 with technology that supports our people and our processes.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike for a review of our third quarter results. 
Michael Zechmeister: Thanks, Arun, and good afternoon, everyone.  
 The soft freight market outlined by Dave resulted in third quarter total revenues of $4.3 billion, down 28% compared to Q3 last year. Our third quarter adjusted gross profit, or AGP, was also down 28% year-over-year or $252 million, driven by a 31.4% decline in NAST, and a 31.6% decline in Global Forwarding, and partially offset by a 4.6% increase in our other business units.
 On a monthly basis compared to Q3 of last year, our total company AGP per business day was down 34% in July, down 26% in August, and down 21% in September. The third quarter contained 1 less business day than both third quarter of last year and second quarter of this year.
 In our NAST truckload business, our Q3 volume declined approximately 6% year-over-year and 4.5% on a per business day basis. On a sequential basis, NAST truckload volume increased 2% versus Q2 and 3.5% per business day.  
 During Q3, we had an approximate mix of 70% contractual volume and 30% transactional volume in our truckload business for the third quarter in a row as the spot market remains suppressed. The sequential declines that we have seen in our truckload linehaul cost per mile since Q2 of last year continued into Q3 of this year.
 On a year-over-year basis, we saw a decline of approximately 13.5% in our average truckload linehaul cost per mile paid to carriers, excluding fuel surcharges. Due to the usual time lag associated with contract pricing resetting to follow spot market costs, our average truckload linehaul rate or price billed to our customers, excluding fuel surcharges, declined 16.5% on a year-over-year basis. With this price decline coming off of a higher base than cost,  these changes resulted in a 34% year-over-year decrease in our truckload AGP per mile and a 36.5% decrease in our AGP per load. Within Q3, our truckload AGP per load was relatively flat through the quarter.
 In our LTL business, Q3 orders were down 2% on a year-over-year basis and 1% sequentially. On a per business day basis, our Q3 LTL orders were down 0.5% year-over-year and up 0.5% sequentially. AGP per order declined 13.5% on a year-over-year basis, driven primarily by soft market conditions and lower fuel prices.
 On a sequential basis, the cost and price of purchased transportation in the LTL market increased in Q3, resulting in a 2% increase in AGP per order. This was primarily driven by capacity that has likely temporarily exited the market. By leveraging our broad access to capacity in all modes of LTL, we were able to meet our customers' LTL needs at a high service level. 
 In our Global Forwarding business, market conditions continued to be soft behind weak demand and plenty of capacity. In Q3, Global Forwarding generated AGP of approximately $170 million, a 32% decline year-over-year. Within these results, our ocean forwarding AGP declined by 35% year-over-year, driven by a 34.5% decline in AGP per shipment and a 0.5% decrease in shipments.  
 On a sequential basis, our ocean volume grew 2.5%. Compared to pre-pandemic levels, we have grown ocean market share through adding new customers, diversifying trade lanes and verticals and leveraging investments in technology and talent.  
 Turning to expenses. Our productivity initiatives continue to enable us to deliver on and exceed our expense reduction expectations. Q3 personnel expenses were $343.5 million, including $3 million of restructuring charges, and that was down 21.5% compared to Q3 of last year. Excluding the restructuring charges, our Q3 personnel expenses were down 22.2% year-over-year, primarily due to our cost optimization efforts and lower variable compensation.
 Our ending headcount was down 14.2% year-over-year in Q3 to 15,391. Q3 ending headcount was also down 2.4% sequentially compared to Q2. As a result of the progress on our cost optimization efforts, we now expect our 2023 personnel expenses to be $1.43 billion to $1.45 billion, below the $1.45 billion to $1.55 billion range that we previously provided. As a reminder, our expense guidance excludes restructuring expenses.
 Moving to SG&A. Q3 expenses were $177.8 million and included $21.4 million of restructuring charges, primarily related to asset impairments driven by our decision to divest our Global Forwarding operations in Argentina. Operating in Argentina has become challenging due to its strict monetary policies and rapid currency devaluation and this divestiture will help mitigate our exposure to the deteriorating economic conditions and increasing political instability in that region.
 As a part of divesting our operations in Argentina, we are pursuing a path for a local independent agent or agents to ensure continued service to our customers with shipments in that region. Excluding those Q3 restructuring charges, SG&A expenses of $156.4 million declined approximately 3.5% year-over-year primarily due to reductions in contingent worker expenses and legal settlements.
 We expect our 2023 SG&A expenses to be near the midpoint of our previous guidance of $575 million to $625 million, including depreciation and amortization expense that is expected to be toward the high end of our previous guidance of $90 million to $100 million. As you recall from our Q1 earnings call, we raised our cost savings commitment to $300 million of net annualized cost savings by Q4 of this year compared to the annualized run rate of Q3 of last year. 
 With the progress to date on our productivity initiatives, we are on track to deliver approximately $360 million in cost savings in 2023 at the midpoint of our updated guidance with the majority of cost savings expected to be longer-term structural changes. Consistent with our strategy, these cost savings improve our operating leverage and will help our operating margins as demand and a more balanced freight market returns.
 Q3 interest and other expense totaled $20.7 million, up $4.8 million versus Q3 of last year. Q3 included $21.8 million of interest expense, up $1 million versus Q3 of last year due to higher variable interest rates against a reduced debt load. The reduced debt load drove a $1.4 million decrease in Q3 interest expense on a sequential basis.
 Our Q3 tax rate came in at 11.7% compared to 16.9% in Q3 of 2022. The lower tax rate was primarily driven by lower pretax income and incremental tax benefits from foreign tax credits. We now expect our 2023 full year effective tax rate to be in the range of 14% to 15%, down from our previous guidance of 16% to 18%. Adjusted or non-GAAP earnings per share, excluding $24.5 million of restructuring charges and $5.5 million of associated tax provision benefit was $0.84, down 53% compared to Q3 last year.
 Turning to cash flow. Q3 cash flow generated from operations was $205 million, which demonstrates our ability to generate cash and make meaningful investments despite the continued soft freight market. Our Q3 cash flow compares to $626 million in Q3 of last year. The year-over-year decline in cash flow was primarily driven by changes in our net operating working capital. In Q3 of last year, we had a $359 million sequential decrease in net operating working capital driven by the sharply declining cost and price of purchase transportation.
 With the more moderated sequential declines in cost and price in Q3 of this year, we had a $55 million sequential decrease in net operating working capital. In Q3, our capital expenditures were $16.7 million compared to $31.3 million in Q3 of last year. We now expect our 2023 capital expenditures to be toward the lower end of our previous guidance of $90 million to $100 million.
 We returned $76 million of cash to shareholders in Q3 through $73 million of cash dividends and $3 million of share repurchases. The cash return to shareholders equates to 92% of Q3 net income, but was down 88% versus Q3 last year, driven by the $153 million of cash used to reduce debt.  
 Now on to the balance sheet highlights. We ended Q3 with approximately $1 billion of liquidity, comprised of $837 million of committed funding under our credit facilities and a cash balance of $175 million. Our debt balance at the end of Q3 was $1.58 billion, which includes debt paydown of $615 million versus Q3 last year. Our net debt-to-EBITDA leverage at the end of Q3 was 2.1x, up from 1.81x at the end of Q2. Our capital allocation strategy is grounded in maintaining investment-grade credit rating, which allows us to optimize our weighted average cost of capital.
 Our $615 million in debt paydown helped maintain our strong liquidity position and investment-grade credit rating. Keep in mind that the cash that we use to reduce debt generally reduces the amount of cash for share repurchases. Over the long term, we remain committed to growing our quarterly cash dividend in alignment with our long-term EBITDA growth. Our dividends and share repurchase program are important levers to enhance shareholder value.
 Overall, I'm encouraged by the progress that we continue to make on our productivity initiatives and look forward to our ability to build on that progress. By leveraging generative AI combined with machine learning to take the capability of our people to an even higher level, we are positioned well to further reduce waste and increase operating leverage and value for Robinson shareholders.
 With that, I'll turn the call back over to Dave for his final comments. 
David Bozeman: Thanks, Mike.  
 Over my first 4 months here, it's become apparent. The C.H. Robinson has a secret sauce with people who have deep expertise in the freight market and long-standing relationships with their customers and carriers. Combined with Robinson's strong technology and large dataset, our people are able to provide innovative tech-enabled solutions powered by our information advantage for the benefit of our customers and carriers. This secret sauce is not easy to replicate with a digital-only solution.
 Robinson has shown the strength of this model through cycles, and our balance sheet continues to be strong. The investments we're making to improve the experience and outcomes for our customers and carriers combined with the work that we're doing to accelerate our clock speed, waste reduction and productivity improvements should position us well for the eventual freight market rebound and to deliver improved operating leverage and returns for our shareholders.
 I continue to see an opportunity for the company to reach its full potential and create more shareholder value by improving our value proposition, increasing our market share, accelerating growth, improving our efficiency and operating margins and increasing overall profitability. I'm incredibly excited about our future. This concludes our prepared remarks.
 I'll turn it back to Donna now for the Q&A portion of the call. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  Today's first question is coming from Chris Wetherbee of Citigroup. 
Christian Wetherbee: I'd like to start, maybe it's helpful to get the monthly breakout of AGP. Could you give us a sense of maybe how October is trending? Kind of keeping in mind that there have been some changes in the dynamics within brokerage, obviously, there's some headlines about some high-profile exits from the market. Just kind of curious about how October is trending.
 And if we are seeing some volume move back to Robinson. Dave, I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks that the customers are valuing some of the stability and strength that you guys provide. Just want to get a sense of maybe how that's playing out in October. 
David Bozeman: Yes. Chris. I'll have Mike break in and just kind of give you some details of what we're seeing. You set that question up well, then let's just jump in. 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes. Overall, we're seeing a soft freight market. We referenced that. I think you've been hearing that from others. It seems to be lingering. We're not seeing any meaningful inflections yet in volume or rates. But I would also add that the way we approach this is regardless of where we are in the cycle, our pursuit is to outperform the market. And we remain focused on providing exceptional service to our customers and streamlining our processes, amplifying the expertise of our people with our tech, improving our operating leverage, gaining market share. We feel like in Q3, we made progress on all those fronts. 
 You kind of asked about going into October, where we're at. I think looking forward, there's going to be some consumer spending that normally happens during the holiday season, and that will impact the market a little bit. Generally speaking, we see a seasonal bump in spot rates in Q4, mostly driven by the upcoming holidays and some carriers taking time off over the extended holidays. But nothing there that would suggest that there's something sustaining or something different. I think generally speaking, the trends that we're seeing have been pretty consistent. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Jack Atkins of Stephens Inc. 
Jack Atkins: So I guess I would love to get your thought kind of broadly as we kind of begin the bid season process here over the next 30 to 45 days and kind of think about the spring bid season of next year. How are you guys approaching that? Obviously, it's an extremely challenging market out there. I think most folks are expecting additional capacity to come out and perhaps a turn in the freight market at some point in 2024.
 How are you balancing the potential for going out and capturing market share versus the need to preserve the profitability of the business if we were to see the freight market turn next year? How are you guys thinking about that as we head into the bid season process here? 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes, Jack, let me touch on some things there. So first of all, just maybe I'll cover the capacity side. The carrier capacity is contracting, but I think less so than we would have expected at this point in the process. And when the market has been bouncing along the bottom like it has, pricing is really -- we're really pricing at or near the breakeven cost for the carriers.
 So the exit's been a little slower. That may be a result of their ability to subsidize their business because of the big profits that they made a year ago or government subsidies or maybe the lower operating costs or whatnot.
 But in terms of the bid season coming up and how we're approaching it. Let's be clear, our pursuit is to gain in both margin and share. And so that's what we're going after. It's a competitive market. And we're seeing that for sure, and it was only 5 quarters ago that we were seeing all-time record high prices in AGP per shipment. And now we're on the other side of that in the cycle, in the spot market. Volumes are very hard to come by. And it appears that brokers generally are being more aggressive that they've been in the past. And I think with this kind of environment, I would expect to see more brokers struggling and going out of business, given where we're at.
 But as we approach the season, we've got to operate within the market that we've got. Our job is to outperform the market. And like I said, we've got to protect our margins and make sure that we've got a good balance between the 2. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Jeff Kauffman of Vertical Research Partners. 
Jeffrey Kauffman: David, appreciate your overview on the direction of progress. I'm just kind of curious, with some of the other brokers out there starting to shut down operations. If we saw a turn, whether it's after the holiday season, Lunar New Year or early '24. With your employee count down, what do you think your excess capacity is to be able to handle incremental volume without having to add bodies at this point? 
David Bozeman: Yes, good question. It's something that we talk about often. First of all, I'll start and say I feel really strong about our capacity, and it's something that we execute on each day. As a matter of fact, we're building ourselves up, as you know, for the eventual rebound of the market. And that eventual rebound, we need to have the capacity while keeping our headcount in check.
 For me, it's about our installed capacity base, and we've been talking about installed capacity. We feel like we have sufficient capacity for what would be a normal recovery. And certainly, we talk about different execution styles on the types of recoveries that will happen, very aggressive or mild recoveries. But the bottom line is I feel good about our installed capacity, where we are. I think we're well positioned for the eventual turnaround that puts us in pole position here. So good question. Glad you asked it then. We feel good about where we're at. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Scott Group of Wolfe Research. 
Scott Group: So your slide with truckload profit per shipment is basically at an all-time low. Are we confident that we're at the trough? Or is it just too early to tell?
 And then just separately, I just want to understand what's going on with personnel costs. There was a big step down from Q2 to Q3. But based on the guidance, it looks like personnel then takes a step up from Q3 to Q4. Is that right? And just help us understand what the right run rate for personnel is heading into '24. 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes, Scott, let me chime in on those. So first of all, we kind of talked about the marketplace and where we're at. You're right. I think it's Slide 8 in the deck that points to where we are in the cycle, and at this point, we've been bouncing along the bottom for quite some time. And so we've -- what's unusual, I think about this point in the cycle is we've had an opportunity to reprice our contracts pretty much across the board, so we've kind of reset them now. And it's a question about when the rebound comes. And when it comes, a couple of things happen, as you know.
 So when the demand comes back or the capacity [ exit ] the markets or a combination of 2, we would expect prices and costs to start to move up. And the impact that, that has in our business, that's obviously different in the contract market versus the spot market.  
 So let me take contract first. On the contract side, because we're locked in on contracts for different terms, as the prices go up, we'll feel the normal pressure on those -- the margins associated with those. But the good news is on the spot market as demand comes back, we'll get both better AGP per shipment and more demand at the same time.
 So there's offsetting impacts there. And that's not unique to Robinson. That's kind of the way it works in this market. Your second -- so I'll leave that one there. Well, maybe I'll actually add one more point, which is just to talk about where we are right now given how soft the spot market has been, our mix of volume in truckload is 70% contract and 30% spot. And that's unusually tilted towards contract for where we are in the cycle.
 But again, as those things turn, you'll see us go back to closer to where we were in 2021, where 3 quarters of that year, we were at 55% contract and 45% spot. So that's just to show that when that price turns and when the costs turn, there's an impact on contract that's a squeeze and there's an impact on spot that's beneficial, and it kind of helps you dimensionalize how that can go.
 Over to personnel costs. I think you're right. I think what you're doing is you're looking at the guidance that we provided. And just as a recap, we were at $1.45 billion to $1.55 billion in personnel expense. We took that down to $1.43 billion to $1.45 billion, which is a reduction of $60 million at the midpoint, but that does represent off the midpoint, about a 4.5% increase in Q4 over Q3.
 So a couple of things. So number one, we did in Q3, have some incentive costs that got reset down lower because of performance of the business. And so with those accruals down, that was a benefit to Q3 that we're not expecting to repeat Q4, explains a little bit of that. But then maybe more broadly, I just want to reinforce that our productivity initiatives continue.
 We will -- the efforts and the pipeline of work that we have is ongoing. We would expect headcount to be a little lower in Q4 than it was in Q3. So that should be favorable. And then maybe just to reinforce a point made earlier about Q4 is a seasonally lighter quarter for us in terms of volume. So that's just another point to be made inside of that. But generally speaking, I think that covers your personnel. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Ken Hoexter of Bank of America. 
Ken Hoexter: Dave or Mike, maybe just to clarify a comment earlier in the LTL, I think you noted that temporary capacity exited the market. Are you then assuming a rebound in that? It sounded like you said you were assuming a rebound in capacity. Just want to understand that commentary on the LTL.  
 And then, Mike, I guess just a follow-up on that NAST gross margin write down to 12.5%. I guess that's the same as gross profit per load. With spot rates remaining here, I just want to understand, you're saying that the $450 million of gross revenues, I guess, from Convoy that freed up into the market, that's not easing the capacity constraints on the brokerage squeeze? Does that mean this weak environment? Is it getting worse as you move through the -- into peak season? Are you seeing anything that suggests we're starting to ease off that? Or maybe just talk about that as we go into holiday season, I guess, before the bid season that Jack was talking about. 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes. So on the second part of that, the -- I think you were talking about Convoy going out of the market and how does that impact the market? I'll make a couple of comments on that.
 So first of all, the size of that business doesn't have a material impact on our results. Now that being said, certainly, that business came available as the announcements were made. We've certainly participated in that. And where there's profitable volume to be had kind of that fits with our model. We certainly like the longer loads, and we've certainly been participating in winning some of that business.
 Now a lot of that business is also localized in short runs, multiple runs, density around certain geographies. And while we compete for that, that's not a sweet spot for us in terms of profitable volume. But all that obviously is getting picked up. But I would say it's not having an overall impact on the market just given the size of that business. And then the other -- remind me the other question. 
Charles Ives: LTL guidance.  Temporarily leaving. 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes, LTL capacity temporarily leaving the market. Yes, thanks for picking up on that point. The idea there was while Yellow went out of business and that capacity then came out. There is a process there where the assets that are still useful will be redeployed by new ownership and through the new hubs and probably come back into the market at some point. And so that was the intent of the word temporary to the extent that the assets are still viable and useful they'll find a new owner, a new home, and probably make their way back into the system. 
Ken Hoexter: So just to clarify then, you would expect then continued pricing pressure in that market, if you see capacity sticking around in... 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes. On the LTL side, I think what we've seen in the near term has been positive in terms of an increase in AGP per shipment related to that move because they were a bigger part of that market in terms of the capacity to serve. And so I think that, unlike the Convoy example is a more meaningful impact and it did -- we did certainly see it.
 Now the question, I think, longer term, is rooted in that word temporary, which is how long is that capacity out? How long are those hubs out of service? Where do they land and how or if or when does that capacity come back into the market? And that will provide additional capacity that I would say will have an opposite effect to some extent. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Jon Chappell of Evercore ISI. 
Jonathan Chappell: Regarding the year-over-year improvement in shipments per person per day, you're up to 18%, the target is 15%. You're confident in the 15%, you're already there. How low could that go? Or how high could it go, I guess, as a percentage? And what does that equate to as we think about an operating margin through cycle? What's the new kind of productivity metric mean for, I guess, the beginning of the cycle and then a mid-cycle as it continues to build? 
Arun Rajan: I can start. In terms of productivity improvements, we're at 15% -- 18% year-to-date, and we expect to end the year at 15%. Having said that, we feel pretty confident in setting targets for subsequent years at a similar rate. So we're working on our 2024 operating plans, and I would expect we target a similar productivity improvement, compounded that would be over 30% by the end of next year in terms of productivity improvements. So I feel pretty good about that. Productivity is -- and the way I said this in my prepared remarks, productivity ultimately is a measure that considers volume, right?
 So you asked the question of Dave, what if your volume goes up next year? So our volume goes up 15% next year and our productivity improvements are 15% that we wouldn't have to add any headcount to serve that 15% additional volume. However, if we grow just 5%, then we'd get the other 10% by way of head count reduction. So I think regardless of cycle, we would measure productivity and we'd adjust it based on volume. 
David Bozeman: Jon just to add on that. And Arun hit it is that the key there is we're laser focused on driving productivity as well as growth, whichever one will do it in combination in driving that. So that's super important. And it's -- and that laser focus extends to the rebound as well. I can't express that enough that as we get ready for this market rebound. This will be -- this is super important from a productivity perspective and separating that headcount and volume growth. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Bruce Chan of Stifel. 
J. Bruce Chan: Nice to see some of the progress here in a tough market. Wanted to zoom out a little bit. When I think about some of the cycles, maybe 1 cycle or 2 ago, there was talk about structural pressure on AGP as a result of -- I don't know, better customer price discovery and digitization trends. Obviously, you've had a lot of changes in the industry since then. How are you thinking about a good baseline AGP for the business through the cycle based on what you're seeing now?
 Is there any reason to believe that you shouldn't be able to get back closer to the mid-teens? Is AGP going to be lower as a result may be of some of these structurally higher capacity costs? But maybe you can make up for that with lower cost to serve. Any comments around the direction of AGP in the future would be great. 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes. Let me take that one. I think your observations are accurate. Generally, when you talk about the industry and price transparency and I would even perhaps add length of load being pressures on AGP that are kind of realities in the marketplace. Now what we're focused on are other things that help us in that regard. So in our plans, the ability to buy better. And also, I talked a little bit about the competitiveness that we're seeing right now. 
 You always see competitiveness at this part of the cycle. But I think that given the strain on the balance sheets and income statements of a lot of the brokers in this fragmented universe is pretty substantial. And I think there's a little bit of unusual aggressiveness at this point that sits in the marketplace. I would expect that to shake out here in the near future. I think we're already seeing it anecdotally. And so I think that's a thing. 
 Similarly, I talked a little bit about the capacity. On the capacity side, I think that we'll expect to see some things shake out there. We've got anecdotal evidence that would suggest that there's capacity already coming out. One of the data points we look at is our new carrier sign-ups. We're about 4,900 here in Q3, and that's less than half of what it was in Q3 last year.
 So as these rates persist lower for longer, that capacity comes out, the demand comes back. That's when I think you get back to close to the long-term averages on AGP per shipment and AGP margin that you're referencing. So it -- we'll probably come up a little short of where it's been on a 10-year average, probably closer to where it's been on a 5-year average. But that's where I would see that shaking out. And then to the extent that the work that we're doing puts tailwinds into that. For example, some of the automation and work we're doing on the buy side to improve our buying we can also help ourselves relative to the marketplace there with respect to AGP margin. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Jordan Alliger of Goldman Sachs. 
Jordan Alliger: So you talked a fair bit about things on the digital processes, optimizing processes, et cetera, which is very helpful. I'm just curious, how much of the technology and automation tools, et cetera, are essentially ready to roll out versus how much additional spending and/or development still need to take place on the tech front? Or is it pretty much ready to go? Or is there still more to do? 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes. Let me hit that a little bit and then pass it over to Arun. We've got a great pipeline. We've been executing on the pipeline. I think you can see it in our results. If you go back to some of the cost savings initiatives we talked about. We started at $150 million cost savings against Q3 run rate last year. We increased that to $300 million. We're now talking about $360 million.
 So you can see the productivity initiatives that we've had in our pipeline working their way through to our results. And so yes, it's there. You just heard Arun talking about productivity again in the future at similar levels. It's not just a one project kind of thing. It's a many project kind of thing.
 I'll let Arun elaborate on that a bit more. 
Arun Rajan: Yes. The way we look at it is just continued focus on operating leverage, and we've got a whole bunch of new tools in our toolbox. We got Gen AI, we've got Lean. And the point is what we've -- when we talked about this, we said this is a multiyear roadmap of opportunities. We got to 15% productivity improvements this year, and we have -- to Mike's point, we have a big backlog where we believe that we can continue to unlock significant productivity improvements in subsequent years, and we would target another 15%, like I said, in 2024.
 So in terms of technology spend, we don't expect to increase our spend year-over-year, but we will continue to stay at the current levels of technology spend and execute on the road map that we have. 
David Bozeman: Yes, Jordan, this is Dave. I'll just add on to there. The -- and I feel really good around the teams embracing the kind of new clock speed initiatives, just really driving more definitive, more speed of decisions. I think it really sets us up well in driving waste out, less manual touches. Everyone's really locked arms on that. And so we feel good about that. So it's a good question. 
Operator: The next question is coming from David Vernon of Bernstein. 
David Vernon: So Mike, you talked a lot about trying to beat the market. And I just wonder if you could elaborate maybe as a team on what does that mean? Are we talking about volume or are we talking about value? I think the volume is a little bit better than I think the shipment index from Cass and pricing is a lot worse on a per mile basis.
 So how should we be thinking about how you're approaching that NAST market? Are you just going for volume and you'll figure it out at the other end when the market corrects or are you also focusing on kind of value share? 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes, Dave, thanks for the question. It's a super important question. Let me be clear that our pursuit is both market share gain and margin. So it's profitable market share. When I talk about beating the market, I'm talking about being able to maintain our margins given the market that we're operating in, while also gaining market share. 
 And let's take market share first. We don't -- coming forward with a quarter like Q3, where our truckload volume was down 6% or down 4.5% on a per day basis because we have 1 less day. We don't want our volume to be down, obviously. But when you look at the market that we're operating in and you look at some of the metrics that are out there, you look at Cass index was down 8.7% in the quarter. I think the U.S. Banks Index just came out, that was close to almost 10.
 That makes us feel a little better about that, but we want to grow. Now on the other side of that, we operate within this market in terms of pricing, and we are constantly evaluating opportunities and ways to improve that margin. A lot of the work that we're doing is to improve that margin. That is our pursuit. That is our goal going forward. 
 In the short term here, as we've talked about, there's some interesting competitive dynamics that I think have a lot to do with the aggressiveness around the broker set, given that they are really struggling.
 Now the other point I would make that I think is important for Robinson is that because we do have a strong business model, and we do generate cash even in the toughest of times like this quarter, we are able to invest throughout this downturn in the market. And so I think where others may be worried about their viability and their ongoing entities' ability to even compete, we're continuing to make investments to make ourselves better. And I think on a relative basis, that helps us with our confidence about where we'll be when this market returns to a more balanced market. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Tom Wadewitz of UBS. 
Thomas Wadewitz: Let's see, I wanted to ask you, I guess, that Slide 8 is an intriguing one to look at and try to figure out where we're going. I think when I look at prior cycles, when spot rates eventually bottom and move up, there typically has been a period of time where the NAST gross margin percent would get -- would come down. 
 And so -- and I think, Mike, you referred to that kind of 70% contract mix being larger than normal, and that's where you would see the squeeze. So is it wrong to consider that there could be -- when spot rates come down, that there could be some further pressure on that NAST gross margin? Or am I thinking about the cycle kind of the -- is it maybe a different cycle?
 And then just quickly on net revenue in Forwarding, I don't know if you think your -- it seems like maybe we're close to the bottom, but I don't know if you have a quick thought on that as well. 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes. Tom, let me take your -- the first part first, which I think we've covered a variety of elements around that. But I think you've characterized it fairly within that contract space as prices come up, there is some ability to get squeezed. And whether this cycle is like the past cycles, what will really matter is the pace or the magnitude at which those pricing increases come back as the market normalizes. 
 So is it a slow gradual increase? In that case, I think we will -- our margins will hold up very well as they improve going forward. If it's a sharp spike up then that squeeze on the contract side will be greater. But again, that usually comes with a heck of a lot more demand on the spot market, and we'll be there competing and getting our share of that, which will offset the squeeze of contracts.
 So there's -- every cycle is a little bit different. Certainly, generalizations we make about them, which is where these questions are coming from. But that's kind of where we're at.  In the -- the other unique thing about this one that I alluded to is I just think the broker network competitiveness here is probably a little greater than it's been in the past. 
Thomas Wadewitz: And then anything on... 
Michael Zechmeister: [indiscernible]  GF I think generally, we have to hit bottom on GF and what I would say to that is, we haven't seen any meaningful changes from Q3 on the GF side. We feel great about our business there and the share that we've been growing and the work that the team has been doing and the preparations for when that demand comes back. But no green shoots to speak of there yet. 
Operator: We're showing time for one final question. Today's last question is coming from Stephanie Moore of Jefferies. 
Stephanie Benjamin Moore: I think it might be helpful just for us on the outside kind of looking in here. Maybe could you give us some examples of the tech changes or digital changes that you've implemented year-to-date?
 And then do you view that these are the changes in your technology that will help kind of keep your headcount in check when and ever the market does rebound here? 
Arun Rajan: Yes. Let me give you a couple of examples. One example might be appointment automation. We work with a lot of customers. A lot of customers have different systems into which we have to go to make appointments for our carriers to go load and unload, right?
 And so we actually go through and say, where do we have the biggest leverage in terms of customers on a certain scheduling system, and we automate our ability to set appointments into that scheduling system. And we essentially reduce our dependence on people to schedule those appointments. That's one example.
 Another one is track and trace. We've talked about that earlier in the year. Carriers and they're -- getting our carriers to work with us to give us automated updates such that we don't have to depend on humans to call and ask where's my truck. That is another significant unlock. Not only does it reduce -- not only does it give us productivity improvements, it delivers a better customer experience, which is great.
 And more recently, we've been looking at Gen AI and imagine our heritage at our company, the way it's grown up is that we've done business with customers in various different ways, including customers sending us quote requests or order information over e-mail. It's usually unstructured. We're using Gen AI to parse those e-mails and automatically respond with quotes and similarly fill in the blanks and enter the order into our systems without a human touch. 
 So those are all examples of things. Each one of them contributes to our overall productivity improvements. And there are many more like that as we continue to work on it. 
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Ives for closing comments. 
Charles Ives: Yes, that concludes today's earnings call. Thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you again. Have a great evening. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines and log off the webcast at this time, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Second Quarter 2023 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the company’s prepared remarks, we will open the line for a live question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, Wednesday, August 2, 2023. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chuck Ives, Director of Investor Relations.
Chuck Ives: Thank you, Donna, and good afternoon everyone. On the call with me today is Dave Bozeman, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Zechmeister, our Chief Financial Officer; and Arun Rajan, our Chief Operating Officer.  Dave will provide some interdictory comments. Mike will provide a summary of our 2023 second quarter results and our outlook for 2023. Arun will provide an update on our efforts to improve our customer and carrier experience and operating leverage, and then we will open the call up for questions. Our earnings presentation slides are supplemental to our earnings release and can be found in the Investors section of our website at investor.chrobinson.com. Our prepared comments are not intended to follow the slides. If we do refer to specific information on the slides, we will let you know which slide we're referencing. I'd also like to remind you that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. Slide two in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management's expectations. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Bozeman: Thank you, Chuck. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Let me start by saying it is an absolute privilege to be leading C.H. Robinson; a market leader with enormous scale, a strong base of loyal customers, and a resilient business model that generates profits and free cash flow through the entirety of the freight cycle. I know from my time in the transportation market that other freight providers and new entrants look to Robinson as an example of a commercial engine with the breadth, scale, expertise and financial strength that they aspire to achieve. However, there's always room for improvement and I recognize the tremendous opportunity in front of us to accelerate growth in a very fragmented market.  In my first month, I've been spending time meeting with and talking to customers, employees, and shareholders as I analyze the business. A customer centric focus is in my DNA, and I have successfully implemented customer focus strategies over my 30 year career at leading brands, such as Harley Davidson, Caterpillar, Amazon and Ford Motor Company. I look forward to applying that experience towards our goal of providing such a compelling offering that customers feel like C.H. Robinson is essential to the success of their supply chain.  As a lean practitioner, I'm in a discovery and diagnosis phase, and I've been learning more and shaping my vision for the company each day. I'm digging in quickly with the leadership team. I'm looking at the portfolio of businesses with an open mind, and my intentions are to drive focus so that we position ourselves for growth in our core business.  As I aim to reinvigorate the winning culture, my focus will be on people, products, processes, technology, collaboration and excellence. My style is to, one, be accountable for driving improvement and be passionate about making people better. Two, look around corners and anticipate in order to minimize surprises. And three, wake up every day like you're working for a startup by being gritty, scrappy, innovative and change oriented, with a focus on improving clock speed and acknowledging every day that you can be better.  These practices have enabled success for the companies I've worked at and the people I've worked with. People are at the heart of Robinson and I'm confident that together we will win for our customers, carriers and shareholders.  I'm passionate about continuously improving how organizations operate. Lean principles work and are applicable at Robinson to further improve efficiency. Robinson is a strong company, but all companies have ways that can be removed to make a company quicker, more flexible and more agile in solving problems for their customers, improving workflows and providing better customer service and experiences.  I have helped build out and scale transportation businesses, most notably at Amazon, where technology is the starting point. I am certain we can leverage technology as a force multiplier here at Robinson, and I've been discussing it with Arun and the team.  As an example, when I look at C.H. Robinson, I'm excited about the potential benefits from Generative AI, in conjunction with the machine learning and artificial intelligence that the company has already been utilizing.  With more data and history to leverage than any other 3PL, we have opportunities to harness the power that these advanced technologies now offer to further capitalize on our information advantage, and we'll continue to look for and pursue those opportunities. Arun will touch more on this in his prepared comments.  In summary, I look forward to leading this great company to new heights and sharing our progress with all of you along our journey.  With that, I'll turn it over to Mike for a review of our second quarter results. 
Mike Zechmeister : Thanks Dave and good afternoon everyone. Global freight markets in Q2 continue to be impacted by weak demand, high inventories and excess capacity, which resulted in a more competitive marketplace with suppressed transportation rates. North American freight volumes and load-to-truck ratios remain near the low levels of 2019.  In the freight forwarding market, ocean vessel and air freight capacity continues to exceed demand, which has kept ocean and air freight rates low during the period of significant declines that extends back to the second half of 2022.  Despite the weak demand, new vessel deliveries are expected to continue to add capacity to the ocean market. This suggests that the influence of excess capacity may persist for several periods, despite the steamship lines efforts to manage capacity through blank sailings, slow steaming and redeploying capacity to other lanes.  We are staying focused on what we can control, providing superior service to our customers and carriers and streamlining our processes by removing waste and manual touches. The result has been meaningful cost reduction and productivity gains across our business.  With our record quarterly financial results in Q2 of last year as a comparable, and the macro forces that I outlined as the backdrop, our second quarter total revenues of $4.4 billion declined 35% compared to Q2 last year. Our second quarter adjusted gross profit or AGP was also down 35% year-over-year or $366 million, driven by a 45% decline in our global forwarding and a 36% decline in NAST.  On a sequential basis, total company AGP was down 3%, driven by a 6% decline in NAST, that was partially offset by a 1% increase in global forwarding and a 6% increase in the total of our other segments. On a monthly basis compared to Q2 of last year, our total company AGP per business day was down 30% in April, down 39% in May and down 37% in June.  In our NAST truckload business, our Q2 volume declined by approximately 6.5% on a year-over-year basis. Within Q2, average daily volume in April was stronger than March, but weakened in May and held in June, which resulted in a 0.5% sequential decline in Q2.  During Q2 we had an approximate mix of 70% contractual volume and 30% transactional volume in our truckload business. Routing guide depth of tender in our managed services business, which is a proxy for the overall market, declined from 1.4 in Q2 of last year to 1.1 in the second quarter of this year, which is the lowest level we've seen for a full quarter since the recession of 2009.  The sequential declines in our truckload line haul cost per mile since Q2 of last year began to level off and increase sequentially in May and June, causing the June cost per mile to be only $0.02 below the March cost per mile. On a year-over-year basis, we saw a decline of approximately 19% in our average truckload line haul cost per mile paid to carriers, excluding fuel surcharges. Due to the time lag for contract pricing to follow spot market costs, Q2 truckload line haul pricing continued to decline on a sequential basis, resulting in a 23% year-over-year decline in our average line haul rate for price billed to our customers, excluding fuel surcharges. These changes resulted in a 41.5% year-over-year decrease in our truckload AGP per mile and AGP per shipment, with declines in both contractual and transactional AGP per shipment. This is the largest year-over-year decline in AGP per mile that we've experienced in the last 10 years and is in contrast to the 46.5% increase in Q2 last year.  In our LTL business, shipments were flat on a year-over-year basis and up 5% sequentially. By leveraging our broad access to capacity and all modes of LTL and our high level of service, our LTL team continues to onboard a pipeline of new business that is offsetting the softness in the LTL market. AGP per order, however declined 19% compared to Q2 last year, driven primarily by the market conditions and lower fuel prices.  As I mentioned, market conditions in our global forwarding business were also soft behind weak demand and plenty of capacity. Despite that, our ocean and air volume each grew sequentially, exhibiting the progress our global forwarding team has made through adding new customers, diversifying trade lanes and verticals, and leveraging investments in technology and talent over the past several years.  In Q2, global forwarding generated revenue of $780 million and AGP of approximately $179 million, which declined 45% year-over-year compared to the record high from Q2 last year.  Within these results, our ocean forwarding AGP declined by 53% year-over-year compared to 51% growth in Q2 of 2022. The Q2 results were driven by a 49.5% decrease in AGP per shipment and a 7% decrease in shipments.  Turning to expenses, we delivered on our expense reduction and productivity expectations for the quarter. Q2 personal expenses were $377.3 million, including $13.1 million of restructuring charges, down 15.2% compared to Q2 of last year.  Excluding the restructuring charges, our Q2 personnel expenses were down 18.1% year-over-year, primarily due to the cost optimization efforts and lower variable compensation. Our headcount was also down significantly in Q2, with ending headcount at 15,763, down 13.1% year-over-year.  In Q2 we elevated our cost optimization efforts, which began in Q4 of last year, as we streamlined our workflows and removed waste to help ensure a more competitive and sustainable long term cost structure.  As a result, our shipments per person per day in NAST has increased by 12% year-to-date through Q2, and we remain on track to deliver on our target of 15% year-over-year improvement by Q4 of this year. I'd also note that we were able to achieve the productivity gains in a soft volume market, which sets us up well for when the market demand returns.  Going forward, we expect continued improvements in shipments per person per day and the associated cost benefits through the remainder of 2023, as we streamline processes and improve customer outcomes with technology that supports our people and processes.  As a result of the progress on our cost optimization efforts, we now expect 2023 personnel expenses to be toward the lower end of the $1.45 billion to $1.55 billion range that we previously provided. As a reminder, our expense guidance excludes restructuring expenses.  Moving to SG&A, Q2 expenses were $155.6 million and included $1 million of restructuring charges. Excluding the Q2 restructuring charges and last year's $25.3 million gain on the sale leaseback of our Kansas City Regional Center in Q2, SG&A expenses were up approximately 8.5% compared to Q2 of last year, primarily due to increases in claims and warehouse expenses. We continue to expect our 2023 SG&A expenses to be $575 million to $625 million, including $90 million to $100 million of depreciation and amortization expense.  As you may recall from our Q1 earnings call, we raised our cost savings commitment to $300 million of net annualized cost savings by Q4 of this year, compared to the annualized run rate of the Q3 expenses from last year. We continue to be on track to deliver those expense reductions, and the majority are expected to be longer-term structural changes to our cost base that will help us improve operating margins once demand returns.  Q2 interest and other expense totaled $18.3 million, down $9.1 million versus Q2 last year. Q2 included $23.2 million dollars of interest expense, up $6.3 million versus Q2 of last year, due to higher variable interest rates against a reduced debt load. Q2 also included a $3.5 million gain on foreign currency revaluation and realized foreign currency gains and losses, compared to a $10.3 million loss in Q2 last year, with both driven by various foreign currency impacts on intercompany assets and liabilities. As a reminder, our FX impacts are predominantly non-cash gains and losses.  Our Q2 tax rate came in at 14.9%, compared to 21.3% in Q2 of ‘22. The lower tax rate was driven by lower pre-tax income and incremental benefits from tax credits and incentives. We now expect our 2023 full-year effective tax rate to be in the range of 16% to 18%, assuming no meaningful changes to federal, state or international tax policy.  Adjusted or non-GAAP earnings per share, excluding the $14.1 million of restructuring charges, was $0.90. Excluding the $25.3 million gain from Q2 last year, non-GAAP earnings per share was down $0.64, compared to the $0.75 increase in Q2 last year.  Turning to cash flow, Q2 cash flow generated by operations was approximately $225 million, compared to the $265 million in Q2 of 2022, demonstrating our ability to generate cash and make investments in the business through the freight cycle. The year-over-year decline in our cash flow was driven by a $251 million decrease in net income, partially offset by $144 million sequential decrease in net operating working capital in Q2, resulting from the declining cost and price of ocean and truckload transportation.  Over the last four quarters, as the cost and price of purchased transportation have come down, we have realized the benefit to working capital and operating cash flow of more than $1.4 billion. In Q2, our capital expenditures were $24.4 million, compared to $43.2 million in Q2 of last year, and we continue to expect our 2023 capital expenditures to be in the range of $90 million to $100 million.  We returned $106 million of cash to shareholders in Q2, through $73 million of cash dividends and $33 million of share repurchases. The cash returned to shareholders exceeded net income, but was down 74% versus Q2 last year, driven by the $137 million of cash used to reduce debt.  Now, on to the balance sheet highlights. We ended Q2 with approximately $1.1 billion of liquidity, comprised of $859 million of committed funding under our credit facilities, and a cash balance of $210 million. Our debt balance at the end of Q2 was $1.74 billion, which includes debt pay down of $532 million versus Q2 last year.  Our net debt to EBITDA leverage at the end of Q2 was 1.81x, up from 1.39x at the end of Q1. Our capital allocation strategy is grounded in maintaining an investment grade credit rating, which allows us to optimize our weighted average cost of capital. With the year-over-year earnings reduction and the $0.5 billion of debt pay down, we'll continue to manage our capital structure to maintain our investment grade credit rating. As you would expect, the cash that we use to reduce debt, generally reduces the amount of cash available for share repurchases.  Over the long term, we remain committed to growing our quarterly cash dividend in alignment with long-term EBITDA growth. Our dividends and share repurchase program are important levers to enhance shareholder value as we're delivering quality customer service more efficiently than anyone in the marketplace.  As we have demonstrated through the ups and downs of our highly cyclical freight market, the strength of our business model makes us a reliable partner for our customers and allows us to invest through the cycle. Our customers value the stability and reliability that we provide as we work to optimize their transportation needs.  I'd like to close by adding that I am incredibly excited about the direction we are headed and our ability to build on the productivity and cost control progress that we've made. By leveraging lean principles to reduce waste, and the emerging benefits of our combination of machine learning and generative AI across our scaled model, we are positioned well to deliver greater efficiency and improved competitiveness in the marketplace, to generate greater value for Robinson shareholders.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Arun to provide more details on our efforts to strengthen our customer and carrier experience, and improve our efficiency and operating leverage. 
Arun Rajan : Thanks, Mike, and good afternoon everyone. In the second quarter, our single-threaded cross-functional teams made great progress on improving customer outcomes with technology that supports our people and processes. Our enhanced carrier advantage program has significantly improved our automated tracking and advanced visibility capabilities, and those efforts are being recognized by our customers and multiple third parties.  In our LTL business, our team is leading the way as an early adopter of electronic bill of lading, which has enhanced our digital connectivity with our LTL carriers and enabled us to eliminate unnecessary work and achieve gains in efficiency and accuracy. All the initiatives and work streams of our teams are targeted at improving productivity and accelerating growth with disciplined product and change management.  Over the last six months we've increased our focus on opportunities to streamline processes that are core to improving the customer and carrier experience and enabling us to decouple volume and headcount growth and drive increased productivity. Shipments per person per day is a key metric that we use to measure our productivity improvements, and as Mike mentioned earlier, we've achieved a 12% year-to-date improvement through Q2 as we progress towards our goal of 15% year-over-year improvement by Q4 of this year.  In order to reach our 2023 goal, we have accelerated the digital execution of critical touch points in the lifecycle of a load, thereby reducing the number of manual tasks per shipment and the time per task. A few areas where we have seen this progress include increasing the automation of in-transit tracking, case management tasks and appointment-related tasks.  As Dave mentioned earlier, we've also been using machine learning, artificial intelligence, and our large data estate to improve outcomes for our customers and carriers. But machine learning alone has limitations due to a need for standardization. Generative AI and large language models have the ability to work with unstructured and incomplete data and unstructured task flows to create an automation unlock.  One example where this can be used is in order management. Over the years, manual processes or workarounds have been put in place to serve our customers and carriers and customize and therefore unstructured ways, such as receiving orders and providing quotes through email. As you can imagine, these have highly variable levels of information completeness and a fragmented mix of formats.  Generative AI can be used to fill in the blanks where there's incomplete and unstructured information in a highly automated and efficient process. Our early testing and results from generative AI are promising, and we're excited about the potential for this technology to be an accelerant to automation and productivity improvements and to magnify our information advantage.  With that, I'll turn the call back over to Dave for his final comments. 
Dave Bozeman : Thanks, Arun. C.H. Robinson is a great company, with the largest market share, the most developed freight-brokers network, longstanding relationships with global blue chip customers, deep carrier relations, strong technology, and a larger data set than any other market participant. While the near-term freight environment presents some challenges, the strength of our people, scaled network, financial model and investments in improving efficiency, position us well for the eventual rebound.  I see an opportunity for the company to reach its full potential and create more shareholder value by improving our value proposition, increasing our market share, accelerating growth, improving our efficiency and operating margins, and increasing overall profitability.  Robinson has great people with a passion for winning and the grit, grind and hustle needed to innovate and solve challenges for our customers and carriers. To enable greater agility and flexibility and to accelerate our clock speed, I'm empowering our people to uncover new ways to challenge the status quo, move faster and act boldly to better anticipate our customers' needs, exceed their expectations, and make us indispensable.  Shippers are looking for stable and innovative logistics partners. Robinson has shown the strength of its model through cycles. Our balance sheet continues to be strong, and we plan to invest in initiatives that we expect to amplify the expertise of our people and generate high returns on investment. I'm excited about our opportunities and our future.  This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll turn it back to Donna now for the Q&A portion of the call. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Today's first question is coming from Jack Atkins of Stephens. Please go ahead. 
Jack Atkins : Okay, great. Good evening, and Dave, congratulations on your new role at C.H. Robinson.
A - Dave Bozeman: Thanks, Jack. 
Jack Atkins : So, I guess I'd love to start going back to something that you mentioned in both your prepared remarks and also in the press release. It's making C.H. Robinson essential. I guess my first question is or just broadly like, what is – you know what about C.H. Robinson right now is that essential? Because I look at a company with unparalleled scale in the marketplace, a leading technology platform. What do you think you need to do differently as a company to really make yourself essential in what is ultimately a highly commoditized part of the transportation supply chain, which is brokerage? 
A - Dave Bozeman: Yes, thanks Jack, and a pleasure to virtually meet you. I look forward to meeting you in person here over the coming weeks. When I think about that question, Jack, its a couple things. You're right, and I agree with you, C.H. Robinson is essential, and it's going to continue. As I look at it, it's going to continue to have a situation where we can pick up customers organically, so everyone sees the value and the advantage of doing business with Robinson.  And some of the ways of doing that is, I consider myself a lean practitioner as I said in my comments. Driving the company to think faster, act faster, reduce waste, these are things that are going to take a strong company and make it stronger, right, and we're going to be laser focused on that.  Speed is imperative, but speed is powerful, Jack, as you know. And in this market with this scale, as this company continues to increase its clock speed, as it continues to use technology as an enabler with its people, I think that is going to just enhance us to allow us to drive profitable growth and continue to along with our strong balance sheet. It just makes me excited and validates why I chose to come here, so that's what I'd say to that. 
Jack Atkins : Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. 
Scott Group : Hey, thanks, and congrats Dave. I look forward to meeting you next week. 
Dave Bozeman: You got it, Scott. 
Scott Group : I guess a near-term question and a longer-term question. Just, you know help us think about the puts and takes on sequential net revenue and earnings trends from the second quarter, third quarter. Do you think we should be higher or lower?  And then just Dave, maybe too early to ask, but just as I think about the margin opportunity longer term that you talked about, this used to be a 40% net operating margin business. This year, probably closer to 20%. What do you think is the right margin range to think about for CH over time? Can we get back to where we were? 
A - Dave Bozeman: Yes, thanks a lot Scott. Hey, I look forward to meeting you as well. Mike, why don't you jump in. It's a good question, and I'll let you jump in on that. 
A - Mike Zechmeister: Yes Scott, first of all, on the first part of your question, just thinking about the outlook on as you said, net revenue margin or AGP, Q2 to Q3, and I'd point to a few things. So first of all, obviously we're in a market that has been weak, and no matter how you look at it, we've come a long way since Q2 of last year when we were sitting on record highs across the board and particularly in our biggest service lines, truckload and ocean.  And so as we sit here today, you've got the demand factor and you've got the capacity factor. On the demand side, that's a macroeconomics trends thing. As we look at our shippers and the way they've been seeing the market and acting, they've been working on inventories here for, geez, it seems like almost a year now. They've been trying to work them down and optimize them. And so have they got there? Are they there yet? You know can we expect demand to come back there? We'll see where that heads.  On the capacity side, we've been balancing on the bottom in terms of the cost per mile for carriers, in terms of where their break-even is at. And so qualitatively, I think capacity is probably coming out of the market. I think it's tough for some of the carriers. They are probably more likely now to be parking the truck and finding employment elsewhere given the good economy. And so I think on the capacity side, we probably are close to the bottom.  And so as you go forward, one of the things that we provide for you in terms of forecasting is on our website, chrobinson.com under Resources. We've got a section called North American Freight Market Insights. And we provide a forecast of DAT line haul, cost per mile per van, for not only the remainder of 2023, but also we've added another year to it now and we're giving you 2024.  And if you look at that, I think it's really important. And the reason we give you cost is because, as you know, in this market in truck load, price follows cost, and that gets right to the root of the issue for us here in Q2 and probably in Q3, which is because we have a significant portion of our business, that is contract, where the prices are established and set for most frequently one year.  When the cost side of the equation has been coming down like it has, and it takes a while. There's a lag there between when we're renegotiating those contracts with shippers and so there's a lag on pricing, and that's been coming down. And so one of the key things from a margin standpoint for us in the quarter was the fact that price came down 23%, but cost came down 19%, and that’s price catching up with cost, that's margin compression for us.  So it's not what we would expect going forward. You see that through the cycle. That's the point in the cycle that we're at right now, and so there's a little bit of extra margin compression there that'll work itself out over time as cost leads price. And so when you're back on that website looking at our forecast, you'll see that we've got costs going up for the remainder of this year. We're kind of at the bottom in terms of our forecast now.  And then as you get to the holidays, you see a little spike up, and then it comes down a little bit, and then we see it really getting back to normal as you get through 2024, and so a pretty dramatic increase in costs there, and of course, price will follow as we get into new contracts with our shippers. 
Arun Rajan: 40% operating margin? 
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. So on the 40% operating margin, that's the target that we've got out there for NAST. It's been out there for quite a while. There are different dynamics going on there that impact that. But I'll tell you what, we feel really good about the progress that we've made on productivity. We reported the shipments per person per day on NAST.  We put a target out there to improve that by 15% on the year. We're six months into the year, and we're at 12% already. And that's on the back of some really quality work from the teams, looking at where we're spending our dollars, where we're spending our time, and taking that waste out of our system and translating that into productivity.  So you saw that on those numbers. Those efforts will continue. We've got plenty to do there on that front. We're really excited about Dave's leadership as a lean practitioner. I believe in those principles. I've worked in that environment in the past. It's a really methodical way to find waste and eliminate waste in an analytical, data-driven kind of way, and so we'll continue to be able to take costs out there.  We talked about machine learning and generative AI, and I really believe that Robinson is in a unique position in that regard. And unique, because we have a scaled business with an enormous amount of data, and because of our history, it's to some extent unstructured. And so from a machine learning standpoint, the key for us has been to standardize and automate.  But one of the great compliments from generative AI is the ability to go in and find inconsistencies, missing data, and actually take it through to getting that data and reinserting it and plugging it back into our machine learning. And so there's really some great complementary things there that can help us with our productivity and allow our folks really to focus on quality and more strategic work with our customers. So I think that inside of that you get growth, inside of that you get efficiency, and the growth and efficiency continue to keep us on our 40% operating income margin for NEST. I don't know if Arun, if you've…
Arun Rajan: Yes, covered it, yes. 
Scott Group : Thank you, guys. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
David Vernon : Hey, good afternoon guys. Thanks for taking the questions. So Dave, first question for you is really kind of your background in some of the other, maybe more disruptive parts of the brokerage industry that have shown an ability to take quite a bit of share in very short periods of time. You know, what's different about them versus what Robinson's been doing recently? And then how do you think about, you know the moat of C.H. Robinson. Having been kind of on the other side of the barricades, you know throwing barrels of burning oil at the company, how do you think about the moat of C.H. Robinson? 
A - Dave Bozeman: Yes, good question, and pleasure to virtually meet you as well. You're right, I have been on a couple of sides of this. And number one, I'd say with the players coming in, I feel good about that because of the work we did at Amazon when I was there, and building some of this new entrant work here. So I understand it. I understand the importance of technology and the power that it can play in the digital transformation here.  The key here from a Robinson perspective is I think you have both, and I know the importance of that scale. And I know having scale plus technology will drive that competitive advantage. And as we continue to – you know, someone asked me, said hey Dave, what's something that surprised you, right, as you came to Robinson?  I'll tell you, one of the things that surprised me as you come in and people will say, hey, that's a fax machine company, right there, a older one. Actually coming in, some of the technology and state of the art things that Arun has put in and continues to grow was surprising, because this is a company that is really on the leading edge with technology and then adding scale to it. It just says, and I know this from being on both sides, that this is a competitive advantage and really allows the company to set the tone in the marketplace. So that's how I'm answering that from both sides of it.  And you know when you talk about the moat, it's about just making sure we stay focused driving waste out. I just spent a lot of time over the last several weeks doing what I call a gimbal, that's a go see, and you actually go see the work, and it taught me a couple of things. One, the strength of our employees that are out there. But two, it allowed me to see the waste and the potential error states in the work so that you can fix them and fix them fast.  And as we take this waste out, you'll clearly see the speed of improvement on an already scaled strong business. That's why I feel so happy about where we are and eventually when this upturn comes, where we will be from a positioning perspective. 
David Vernon : Thanks for that. And maybe just as a quick follow-up, we're talking a lot about lean, we're talking a lot about process improvement. Can you talk to the mandate you have from the Board? Are we really just kind of focused on improving what Robinson does, the how of what it does, or are we still also looking at the what of it in terms of maybe some structural change to the business? I think there was some discussion with one of the activist shareholders a while back about a strategic committee. Can you give us a sense for kind of what the marching orders are from the Board, from your perspective? 
Dave Bozeman: Yes, I will tell you, from the Board, I am locked in with the Board. I have a clear connection with the Board, and that is driving profitable growth for our shareholders and for this company and it's pretty clear on where we're going to do that. I'm taking my time to diagnose, analyze. I will speak to the Board on when I get through my diagnosis phase, but the true north is it's continuing to improve this company with profitable growth, and I'm locked in on that. And the principles that I have found successful in this company, I'm just going to bring those forward in Robinson, and I know those are successful to do that. 
David Vernon : All right, thanks so much for the time and look forward to meeting you. 
Dave Bozeman: You got it. I look forward as well. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Christopher Kuhn of The Benchmark Company. Please go ahead. 
Christopher Kuhn: Yes. Hi. Good afternoon, and good to meet you virtually, Dave. I wanted to just go back to your comments when you first started your conversation about taking a look at the portfolio and your thoughts there and what you're going to be looking for going forward. 
Dave Bozeman: Yes, nice to meet you as well. From a portfolio perspective, same thing. Its early days, right, on this, and I'm driving in, but my point is clear, is I'm looking at the entire business and as I said with an open mind on the portfolio. Make no doubt about it right, there is a clear focus, a driving focus within the organization on some of these, the core business and we all know truckload and making sure we drive truckload, LTL, Ocean Air, really driving that kind of focus on portfolios.  And then with all the other businesses, continuing to evaluate how we best unlock that additional value for our shareholders. So it's an open mind approach. It's early days, I'm diagnosing, I'm diagnosing hard, and certainly we'll come back to that, but just wanted to give a little bit of color to that. 
Christopher Kuhn: Okay. Okay great. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Jason Seidl of TD Cowen. Please go ahead. 
Jason Seidl : Yes. Thank you, Operator. And Dave, good to meet you and welcome aboard. It sounds like everything's still on the table as you're in your diagnosis mode, so I'm going to sort of laser in on a few things. You talked a lot about some exciting opportunities in generative AI, and when I look at the electronic opportunities in brokerage, I think sort of the one sticking point has always been sort of getting the drivers over to sort of embrace technology. What are some things that you think CH can do better to sort of grow that presence in the driver's side? 
Dave Bozeman: Yes. Pleasure to meet you, and great question, because there's a lot of ways to go into this. I mean Arun, why don't you start off and I’ll finish on a couple of things here? 
Arun Rajan : Yes, and I think for those of you who've been listening in for a while, you know this, when I came onboard, we made a sustained investment in our carrier-facing app and website, and we've seen huge uptake in usage in terms of digital bookings. And from a carrier-facing technology perspective, there's two things that carriers care about, right. They care about sort of access to volume and loads, which we have, and they care about a better experience. So things like load recommendations, they are getting paid fast if they choose to. So a better experience and we've invested a lot in those areas.  And like I said, digital bookings are up significantly, and more recently you probably saw us release or go-live with our refreshed Carrier Advantage program, which is our loyalty program. And with that program we had certain new requirements of our carriers in terms of providing track and trace, automated track and trace through the app and through ELD. And what I can say is, carriers ask us – when we ask them for things, they say, well, okay tell us what you need, and when we make that easy to use in the app, they do it, and likewise we listen to them about what they want, and we invest in the carrier experience.  So I would say compared to some of our competition, I'd say we have all the features that our carriers have asked for, and we have the volume of loads that no one can bring to the table. 
Dave Bozeman: Yes, I would just plus one on that. I agree with Arun there in previous experience and seeing the teams build these things, that it's about ease of use. It's really about allowing those carriers to get the things that they want, such as pay and access to loads. So I think he hit on all the key points that when you do that, you really – and that spreads, right, when you hear about the ease of use.  So it's a good question. I'm glad you said it, because it highlights kind of where we are in this space and where we're going to continue to go. So thanks for asking that. 
Jason Seidl : Sure and I appreciate the color. As a quick follow-up, when I look at forwarding on the EBIT margins, if I sort of throw away the inflated numbers on the pandemic side, it looks like you guys have been in the sort of 15% to 20% range. We're sort of probably going to be at the lower end this year at that.  What's it going to take to sort of get us towards the higher end and out of the way from the lower end? Is it just going to be an improvement in the overall macro or are there other things that you think are going to be low-hanging fruit that can get you there? 
Mike Zechmeister : Yes, thanks for the question, Jason. You're right, you have to look through the markets that we've experienced here over the past couple of years. Obviously, the comp this quarter is against all-time record highs on record highs from Q2 last year. But our long-term operating income margin goal for global forwarding is 30%. We feel like that's achievable. The playbook there is in a lot of respects similar to the playbook that we've got on the NAST side.  In other words, the team has done a really nice job developing their capability from a technology standpoint. There's plenty of excitement out there around Navisphere 2.0, and that was launched, and the customers are having a better experience there. We're seeing monthly average users go up, track and trace better, data quality better, feature usage by customers better, so on the tech side, that's great.  Operational uniformity is an important element for them there; the standardization in a very complex business to create efficiency; generative AI can help as well there. Scale is something that the team has been working on. They've done a really nice job here through the ups and downs of the market, gained market share and increased the scale in that business, which will be important to getting the returns where we need them to be going forward.  Probably the biggest highlight over the past year has been their expense management. So they've taken headcount down by about 12% year-over-year, and at the same time, they've been able to handle the loads and handle the volume that they've been working on. So that's been a really nice enhancement that should really serve them well once we get back to some more normalization there.  And then the last thing I'd say is the development of their business. They've done a nice job of bringing some talent in, in some new geographies. They are looking at new verticals, and they've had a fair amount of success in new trade lanes and opening up to some places that they haven't had a developed business in the past.  They are getting excellent results. They are number three in the Trans-Pacific to U.S., number two in India to U.S., and number one in U.S. Oceana. So a lot of great progress from the team there and I think all those factors are important in coming together to get back to a more normalized 30% operating income margin. 
Jason Seidl : No, we're looking forward to seeing more progress. I appreciate the thoughts, and Dave, looking forward to seeing you in Boston next month. 
Dave Bozeman: Absolutely, Jason. I'm looking forward to it. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Matthew Spahn of TCW. Please go ahead. 
Matthew Spahn : Thank you, operator. And congratulations, Dave, and welcome to C.H. Robinson. I have a question about engagement. When a company has highly engaged employees, quality and delivery improve. In drawing on your prior experiences leading lean transformations, can you share one or two learnings that you can apply to foster a culture of deeper employee engagement at C.H. Robinson? 
Dave Bozeman: Yes, great question Matthew and pleasure to meet you. This is the cold face for me, right. I'm meeting everyone for the first time here in some cases. Good question. Let me break that down for me, and I'll be pretty pointed here.  The one engagement that I see is, number one, you really do need to be locally self-critical about where you are on the things you do well and the things you don't. And having the ability to see employees actually see waste in their processes, and be able to understand that, understand what their process flow should be versus what it is, they actually get engaged on that improvement.  Trying to improve when you're blind is one thing, but improving when it's clear to you makes for engagement. And so that's one thing as I've gone through various companies. It's the enlightenment and the education around where you are and then the humbleness to show how you can be better. Once that's laid out, employees latch onto that, and I've seen it over four different companies. 
Matthew Spahn : Thank you. I really appreciate that. I mean, it's – I appreciate that. I mean, the culture matters most right now. I mean, you're being I feel like the champion of lean, you know like the powerful cultural enabler, so welcome and good luck. 
Dave Bozeman: Thank you, sir. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Stephanie Moore of Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Stephanie Moore : Hi. Good afternoon, and Dave, congrats on your first earnings call. 
Dave Bozeman: Thanks Stephanie. I appreciate it. 
Stephanie Moore : So I think a lot was called out in your prepared remarks. I think a number of exciting opportunities going forward, but what do you think is probably the single one most important area you'll place your focus on over the next 12 months, and what is your early read on how to achieve it? Thanks. 
Dave Bozeman: Yes, that's a good question Stephanie. It's one that can take us well past the call, so I won't do that, but I will give you some color on it. The focus is around driving waste out with the end game of profitable growth and really getting the organization to latch on to faster speed of decisions, speed of innovation, and ultimately looking around corners to set itself up for what is going to be an eventual turnaround. And that will put us in a very strong position with our scale and our balance sheet.  And so, just focusing on that, and then also technology. We talked a bit about it. Arun's talked a bit about it. These large language models, again don't underestimate just the scale of Robinson, and then attaching that level of technology on top of that, I think can be a strong competitive advantage for us.  So, me focusing on driving that adoption of that type of technology, driving waste out of the system, this all adds up to a profitable growth setup for this company and really puts it in a strong position. I feel really, really strong around where we are, and that's why I decided to take this move. 
Stephanie Moore : Great. I appreciate the color. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Bruce Chan of Stifel. Please go ahead. 
Bruce Chan : Thank you, operator, and good afternoon everyone. Dave, congrats, it's good to have you with us. I know it's still pretty early in your tenure here, but I know you've hit the ground running. So maybe I could just coagulate some of the responses and get your perspective on where you see the biggest incremental cost buckets over the intermediate term. You talked a lot about lean and waste, but where specifically do you see the biggest addressable opportunities there? 
Dave Bozeman: Yes Bruce, I'm going to double team you here a bit, because I'm 4.5, 5 weeks here on my diagnosis there. So I am going to call a comma, not a period on this question, because I do want to continue to diagnose. But I will tell you this, and as I'm talking with a ruling team, it's breaking down this kind of life of an order and really going through the origination of this order all the way through the end, and then understanding those error states and pinch points along the way.  That's going to generate kind of where the cost opportunities are along that line, along that cycle. And I'm in the middle of doing that. I have some points that I see, but it's not complete. And I think Arun sees some of that as well. So I will come back to you on that, because it's a fair question, but I'm in the middle of it. Arun, would you add any other color to it? 
Arun Rajan : Yes, I think the color I would add is similar things that we've been saying over the past, call it 12 to 18 months. When asked about sort of our path to operating leverage and our focus on digital, our focus has been looking at the end-to-end order lifecycle, from quoting to order tender, to order entry, to booking, then to appointments, track and trace, invoicing, the whole lifecycle, right?  And the focus of our digital efforts has been looking at those points in the lifecycle that are disproportionately manually intensive, and going after either automation or making self-serve to our customers or carriers, or in some cases, the processes don't even make sense, they are legacy processes and we eliminate them, so that's been the focus.  And so, now you come in and kind of layer. So in a way, it's about taking out waste. I think it's just that we've come at it more from a technology perspective. I think Dave's going to come in here, and I think he's going to inject lean principles. And as we get the tailwind of Gen-AI, I believe the things we've been talking about for the past 12 or 18 months just will accelerate. 
Bruce Chan : Okay, that's super helpful. And Dave, fair point about the brevity of your tenure. So maybe just to follow-up a little bit on that and direct the question more again at you Arun. We've had some nice reductions here in personnel cost. Is the tech and the platform at a place now where we can grow in the next cycle without adding additional resources or do we have a little bit more work to do? 
Mike Zechmeister: Yes, so that's a great question. We obviously have more work to do, but we've talked about 15% productivity improvements this year. The work that we've done to enable that productivity is structural. We can actually measure fewer touches in our system as a result of that work, because we've got newer automated track and trace information from our carriers, right, which means we don't have to call carriers for status.  Similarly, we've reduced the number of automation – sorry, reduced the number of appointment tasks by automating the greater proportion of them. So we actually see touches go down, touches per load go down in a way that we know it's structural as we go into the cycle, a positive cycle here. 
Bruce Chan : Great. Very helpful. Thank you all. 
Dave Bozeman: Yes. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. We're showing time for one final questioner today. Our final question will be coming from Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead. 
Chris Wetherbee : Hey, thanks. Good afternoon, and thanks for squeezing me in. Congrats, Dave. I guess one of the things I guess I've been sitting listening to the call, and there's been discussion sort of big picture and the Generative AI opportunity, those kinds of things. Maybe a two-parter here. Short-term, what do we think headcount looks like through the rest of the year? Are there further opportunities as we move through the rest of the year on the cost? It sounds like you guys are making maybe better progress towards those full-year goals, so that would be interesting.  And then the second one kind of comes, we've talked about the segment level operating margin targets, relatively similar to what they've been historically. And big picture opportunities that maybe would generate greater productivity, potentially cost savings down the road. So just kind of square those two, the NAST and the global forwarding margin targets relative to the opportunity you guys are talking about with some of these productivity tools. Should there be upside or is it the same? I just want to make sure I understand that. 
Mike Zechmeister : Yes, let me take that. So first of all, you're right. We've had great progress on our headcount, down 13% year-over-year. And because of the efforts and initiatives that we have ongoing in place that will continue, and really, I think we've got a great pipeline of things to work on. We'll continue to draw that headcount down as we go forward and get to some of these things. Although, I would say the back half of ‘23 won't be nearly as dramatic reductions as we saw in the first half.  Now, when you talk about those operating targets and the macro things, we're trying to help you understand that we feel like we've got some accelerants here in terms of our ability to improve our performance, our efficiency, and get us to growth. And the headlines on those are lean principles, the diagnosing of our issues, finding waste, eliminating the waste, whether that's with technology, with process, with adoption, with giving self-serve to customers or carriers, these kinds of things, and so that's one accelerant.  The other accelerant as we talked about, is really the combination of the machine learning work that we've been doing, but then enabled by Generative AI, where it can go in and it can find the exceptions and the work that really our people have been handling here historically. Where you build a model that handles things, if everything's been input properly, and then in many cases our staff was going after the exceptions, and so now, with Generative AI, we've got the ability to do that in a more automated way and really enable our folks in ways that we haven't before. So those are the key headlines. 
Chris Wetherbee : Okay. But they don't necessarily change the curve of those targets. They are just sort of additive to the improvement off of the sort of where we are in the macro is the right way to think about it. 
Mike Zechmeister : Yes, the progress we've made so far. Yes. 
Chris Wetherbee : Okay. Thanks again. And congrats, Dave. 
Dave Bozeman: Thank you, sir. Appreciate it. 
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Ives for closing comments. 
Chuck Ives : That concludes today's earnings call. Thank you everyone for joining us today and we look forward to talking to you again. Have a great evening. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation and interest in C.H. Robinson. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines or log off the webcast at this time and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-26 12:10:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson First Quarter 2023 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the company’s prepared remarks, we will open the line for a live question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference call is being recorded, Wednesday, April 26, 2023. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chuck Ives, Director of Investor Relations.
Chuck Ives: Thank you, Donna, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today is Scott Anderson, our interim Chief Executive Officer; Mike Zechmeister, our Chief Financial Officer; and Arun Rajan, our Chief Operating Officer. Scott and Mike will provide a summary of our 2023 first quarter results and our outlook for 2023. Arun will provide an update on our efforts to improve our efficiency and operating leverage, and then we will open the call up for questions. Our earnings presentation slides are supplemental to our earnings release and can be found in the Investors section of our website at investor.chrobinson.com. Our prepared comments are not intended to follow the slides. If we do refer to specific information on the slides, we will let you know which slide we're referencing. I'd also like to remind you that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. Slide 2 in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management's expectations. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Anderson: Thank you, Chuck. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Our Q1 financial results reflect the softening market conditions that have transpired in the freight transportation market over the past 12 months. With shippers continuing to manage through elevated inventories amid slowing economic growth, the balance of supply and demand has shifted from a tight market a year ago to one that is now oversupplied. As spot rates approach the breakeven cost per mile to operate a truck, the market is likely at or near the bottom of the industry cycle, which typically results in capacity exiting the market. Contract rates are also declining as transportation providers adjust to the changing market.  During this transition, we've continued to increase our focus on delivering an improved customer and carrier experience and a more efficient business model, and we're taking steps to foster profitable growth through cycles. In his prepared remarks, Arun will provide an update on the progress we're making on increasing the digital execution within the life cycle of a load by streamlining certain processes that are core to our operating model. Mike will give you an update on our continuing restructuring effort. We are executing on the plan that was initiated in November and we're lowering our 2023 personnel expense by $100 million at the midpoint of our guidance, reflecting actions that have already been taken and additional opportunities to further reduce our costs. As I've transitioned from my role of Board Chair to the interim CEO, I've met with many of our employees who remain highly engaged and motivated to win as we strive to amplify their expertise with new tools. I've also met with several of our customers, and I'm confident in the power of our commercial engine and our ability to deliver superior global services and capabilities and solve complex logistics challenges for our customers while continuing to execute on our sustainable growth strategy. I'll wrap up my opening remarks by providing an update on the search for the new permanent CEO. Jodee Kozlak, the Chair of the Board and former Chief HR Officer at Target is leading the search committee. With the assistance of Russell Reynolds, this role has attracted a strong pool of candidates. The committee is choosing a proven leader with broad operational experience who will accelerate our strategic initiatives and execute on the opportunities ahead for the company. The process is moving along as expected, and the Board anticipates naming the new CEO in the second quarter. I, along with the senior leadership team, am actively preparing for a smooth transition to a new leader. Now let me turn it over to Mike for a review of our first quarter results.
Mike Zechmeister: Thanks, Scott, and good afternoon, everyone. As Scott mentioned, our Q1 results were impacted by a soft freight market. Prices for surface transportation and global freight forwarding have been declining with the weakening demand and excess capacity. With these macro forces as a backdrop, our first quarter total revenues of $4.6 billion declined 32% compared to our record high of $6.8 billion in Q1 of last year. Our first quarter adjusted gross profit or AGP, was down $221 million or 24.3% compared to Q1 of last year, driven by a 45% decline in Global Forwarding and a 16% decline in NAST. On a sequential basis, total company AGP was down 11%, including a 15% decline in NAST and a 6% decline in Global Forwarding. On a monthly basis compared to Q1 of last year, our total company AGP per business day was down 23% in both January and February and down 27% in March as the typical seasonal acceleration in March did not materialize this year. So far in April, we've experienced similar freight market conditions to those we saw in March. In our NAST truckload business, our Q1 volume declined 3.5% on a year-over-year basis. Within Q1, average daily volume in March was weaker than January and February, resulting in a 1% sequential decline in Q1 compared to Q4 of last year. Our AGP per truckload shipment decreased 19% versus Q1 last year, primarily due to a decrease in our transactional or spot market truckload AGP per shipment. During Q1, we had an approximate mix of 70% contractual volume and 30% transactional volume. Routing guide depth of tender in our managed services business, which is a proxy for overall market, declined from 1.7 in the first quarter of last year to 1.2 for the first quarter of this year, which is the lowest level we've seen since the pandemic impacted second quarter of 2020. The sequential declines in truckload linehaul cost and price per mile that we experienced in Q2 through Q4 of last year continued in Q1. However, the declines in Q1 were the largest that we've seen in over 10 years on a percentage basis. In Q1, we saw a 28.5% year-over-year decline in our average truckload linehaul cost per mile paid to carriers, excluding fuel surcharges. Our average line haul rate or price billed to our customers, excluding fuel surcharges, decreased year-over-year by approximately 27.5%. With the price decline coming off a higher base than cost, these changes resulted in a 20.5% year-over-year decrease in our NAST truckload AGP per mile. Market conditions in our Global Forwarding business were also soft behind weakened demand and plenty of capacity, combined with the extended shutdowns around the Lunar New Year holiday. This contributed to significantly reduced import volumes and prices across the trade lanes for ocean and air freight. In Q1, Global Forwarding generated AGP of $177.9 million, representing a year-over-year decrease of 45% versus the record high for our first quarter last year, which was up 50%. Within these results, our ocean forwarding AGP declined by $111 million or 50% year-over-year compared to 63.5% growth in Q1 of last year. The Q1 results were driven by a 41.5% decrease in AGP per shipment and a 14.5% decrease in shipments. Despite the soft market, our forwarding business continues to have success adding new customers and strengthening its geographic diversity behind many of the investments made technology and talent over the past several years. In addition to our strength in the Trans-Pacific trade lanes, our forwarding team generated over 50% of new business AGP from customers outside of the US in Q1. Turning to expenses. Q1 personnel expenses were $383.1 million, down $30 million or 7.3% compared to Q1 of last year, primarily due to our cost optimization efforts and lower variable compensation. Our Q1 average head count declined 2% versus Q1 of last year and 4% compared to our Q4 average. As another point of reference, our Q1 ending head count declined approximately 6% compared to the end of Q4. Our cost optimization and restructuring efforts that began in Q4 of last year continued into Q1 as we found more opportunities to help ensure a more competitive and sustainable long-term cost structure. As we indicated on our Q4 earnings call, we continue to expect our head count to decline throughout 2023, as we streamline processes and leverage technology to allow our industry-leading talent to focus on more important work like growing the business. As a result of the progress on these cost optimization efforts, we are now lowering our personnel expense guidance for 2023 by an additional $100 million at the midpoint. We now expect our 2023 personnel expenses to be in the range of $1.45 billion to $1.55 billion, compared to our previous guidance of $1.55 billion to $1.65 billion. This updated guidance excludes the Q1 restructuring expense and additional restructuring costs that we expect to incur during the year. Excluding the restructuring charges in 2022 and 2023, the midpoint of our updated 2023 guidance for personnel expenses is now down approximately 12% year-over-year. These expense reductions are primarily long-term structural cost reductions with a lesser amount attributable to softer market conditions that we referred to earlier. Moving on to SG&A. Q1 expenses of $141.5 million were down $5.9 million compared to Q1 of last year primarily due to a decrease in credit losses and a reduction of purchased services, including temporary labor. We continue to expect our 2023 SG&A expenses to be about $575 million to $625 million. 2023 SG&A expenses are expected to include approximately $90 million to $100 million of depreciation and amortization expense. As you recall from our Q4 earnings call, we committed to $150 million of net cost savings by Q4 of this year, compared to the annualized run rate of Q3 last year. Our updated total operating expense guidance for 2023 now represents approximately $300 million of net cost savings compared to the annualized run rate in Q3 last year. As mentioned earlier, the majority of the expense reductions are expected to be long-term structural changes to our cost base. Q1 interest and other expense totaled $28.3 million, up $14.1 million versus Q1 last year. Q1 of 2023 included $23.5 million of interest expense, up $9 million versus the prior year due to higher variable interest rates. Q1 results also included a $9.6 million loss on foreign currency revaluation and realized foreign currency gains and losses, up $8.1 million compared to Q1 last year, driven by the translation impact of the various foreign currency-denominated intercompany exposures that we had in Q1. As a reminder, our FX impacts are predominantly non-cash gains and losses, which is why we're not actively hedging them to reduce volatility. Our Q1 tax rate came in at 13.5% compared to 18.4% in Q1 of 2022. The lower tax rate was driven primarily by the incremental tax benefits that we typically see from stock-based compensation deliveries in Q1 as well as additional U.S. tax credits and incentives in proportion to the lower pre-tax income. We continue to expect our 2023 full year effective tax rate to be 19% to 21%, assuming no meaningful changes to federal state or international tax policy. Q1 net income was $114.9 million and diluted earnings per share was $0.96. Adjusted or non-GAAP earnings per share, excluding the $3.7 million of restructuring charges, was $0.98, down 52% compared to Q1 of 2022, which was up 60% versus the prior year. Turning to cash flow, Q1 cash flow generated by operations was $254.5 million, compared to $13.9 million of cash used in Q1 of 2022. The $268.5 million year-over-year improvement was driven by a $235 million sequential decrease in net operating working capital in Q1 and driven by the declining cost and price of ocean and truckload in our model. Conversely, Q1 of last year included a $289 million sequential increase in net operating working capital as costs and prices were rising. Over the past three quarters, as the cost and price of purchased transportation has come down, we have realized a benefit to working capital and operating cash flow of more than $1.2 billion. That benefit highlights some of the inherent resilience in our model. In Q1, our capital expenditures were $27 million compared to $26.2 million in Q1 of last year, and we continue to expect our 2023 capital expenditures to be in the range of $90 million to $100 million. We returned $125 million of cash to shareholders in Q1, through $73.4 million of cash dividends and $51.2 million of share repurchases. The cash returned to shareholders exceeded net income but was down 50% versus Q1 last year driven by the $101 million of cash used to reduce our debt. Now on to the balance sheet highlights. As we have demonstrated through the ups and downs of the highly cyclical freight market, the strength of our balance sheet and business model makes us a reliable partner for our customers and allows us to invest through the cycle. Our customers value the stability and reliability that we provide as they work to optimize their transportation needs. We ended Q1 with approximately $1.5 billion of liquidity comprised of $1.22 billion of committed funding under our credit facilities and a cash balance of $239 million. Our debt balance at the end of Q1 was $1.87 billion, down $293 million versus Q1 last year. Our net debt-to-EBITDA leverage at the end of Q1 was 1.39 times, up from 1.29 times at the end of Q4. Our capital allocation strategy includes maintaining an investment-grade credit rating to allow us to cost of capital. With the anticipated earnings reduction in 2023, we have reduced our debt to deliver our leverage targets. As you would expect, the cash that we used to reduce debt generally reduces the amount of cash available for share repurchases. Over the long-term, we remain committed to growing our cash dividend in alignment with alignment with our long-term EBITDA growth. Our dividends and share repurchase program are important leverage to enhance shareholder value, as is delivering quality customer service more efficiently than anyone in the marketplace.  With that, I'll turn the call the call over to Arun to walk through our efforts to strengthen our customer and carrier experience and improve our efficiency and operating leverage.
Arun Rajan: Thanks, Mike. And good afternoon, everyone. As I mentioned on our last earnings call, we've increased our focus on opportunities to streamline processes that are core to scaling our operating model. Streamlining these processes will enable us to decouple of volume and headcount growth and drive increased productivity, while simultaneously improving the customer experience and service levels. Shipments per person per day is a key metric that we used to measure our productivity improvements. And we achieved a 4% sequential improvement in Q1 as we progress towards our goal of 15% year-over-year improvement by the end of Q4 of 2023. In order to reach our 2023 goal, we have accelerated the digital execution of critical touch points in the lifecycle of a load. In Q1 the progress we made was primarily driven by increasing the automation of in-transit tracking, and appointment related tasks. Increased digitization and automation are key elements of delivering superior customer service as well as operating leverage. These efforts include operationalizing our information advantage at scale by giving customers insights on price and coverage and providing features to carriers that improve their utilization and cashflow. Streamlining processes, improving productivity creates operating leverage, operating leverage gives us the pricing flexibility to unlock and accelerate market share growth, while delivering on our long-term operating margin targets. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Scott now for his final comments.
Scott Anderson: Thanks Arun, as inflationary pressures continue to weigh on global economic growth and freight markets present cyclical challenges, the competitive landscape has changed. With lower available demand the competition for volume is intense, and shippers are looking for stable and innovative logistics partners. We've shown the strength of our model through cycles; our balance sheet continues to be strong and we plan to continue investing in initiatives that we expect to provide innovative solutions and generate long-term profitable growth. At the same time, we're continuing to evolve our organization to bring greater focus to our highest strategic priorities, including keeping the needs of our customers and carriers at the center of what we do, while lowering our overall cost structure. We expect this initiative will continue to drive improvements in our customer and carrier experience and amplify the expertise of our people, all of which we expect to drive market share gains and growth and lead to improve returns for our shareholders. After my first 100 days in this role, I'm even more excited about C.H. Robinson's opportunities in future. We have some of the best people in the logistics industry, and they're dedicated to solving challenges for our customers. As a result of the exceptional service that our people provide to customers during the period of extended market disruption, our customer experience scores are very high, and we're having more strategic customer discussions about our ability to provide an integrated service solution. So while the near term freight environment presents some challenges, our differentiated value proposition and strength of our people, processes and technology provide many opportunities. This concludes our prepared comments. And with that, I'll turn it back to Donna for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Today's first question is coming from Jack Atkins of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins: Okay, great. Good evening, and thank you for taking my question. So I guess, Arun, maybe this one is for you, but Scott or Mike, if you want to chime in, please do. But I guess I'd be curious to get your take on how you're looking at the market for the balance of the year. It sounds like April is trending kind of in the same ballpark as March, if I understood your comment correctly. But if I think back to the last time you guys updated this, the thought was maybe the market would be troughing sometime in the second quarter and then beginning to see some improvement in the back of the year. Any sort of update to that view? Any update to what your customers are telling you about sort of their business plans? I think that would be really helpful. I'll stop there and hand it back. Thank you.
Scott Anderson: Yes. Thanks, Jack. This is Scott. Why don't we have Mike kick that off, and then I'll give a little color on customer sentiment.
Jack Atkins: Okay.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. Thanks for the question, Jack. And obviously, the market here that we're experiencing is a pretty soft market. We're seeing pretty good competitiveness, particularly on the truckload side on the bids that we're involved with. We've been able to maintain our win percentage actually up this year in Q1 over last year. It was up in Q4 over last year. So I think we're competing effectively. But what we're seeing inside those bids, are reduced total demand. So the customers are just not seeing the volumes that they've had in the past, and that's reflective of this soft freight market environment. There's still -- a lot of customers are still working through inventories. They're not running the plants as aggressively as they have in the past. So we're seeing a pretty soft market overall. When we look at our NAST business in Q1, I think there are a few themes that I'd point to there, I think we feel like we grew share despite being down 3.5% on truckload. And that's really with respect to the brokers, the 3PLs out there. I think we did a pretty good job. We also got improved productivity, and we talked about that 4% improved productivity against that 15%, shipments per person, per day target for the year. And we did that in a soft market. It's generally a little bit easier to get productivity enhancements when the volume is really roaring, but we're able to do that in a soft market. And the last thing, we talked about was our customer service, and we really felt like we had best-in-class customer service there. So, the theme is our overall soft market. You talked about how we described April relative to the quarter. When we look at enterprise AGP per shipment or enterprise AGP per day, we certainly had a better January and February than we did in March. But again, if you kind of translate that over to the truckload business, we were -- our volume is down 3.5 in the quarter. And April kind of has played out similar to where we were in March. So probably market share gaining within the brokerage universe, but certainly down versus our original expectations driven primarily by the soft market that we're experiencing. And inside, I'll talk a little bit, I guess, too, about the contract environment. One of the, I think, changes that we've seen in the contract business versus Q4 was, if you go back and look at Q4, customers were about half bids at 12 months and about half bids that were less than 12 months. As we got into Q1, those RFPs were really more leaning into 12 months. And so we've gone all the way up to about three quarters of 12 months in those. And you could say that, that might be the customers seeing bottom here trying to lock in rates that are lower, but that's another kind of data point indication of where we're seeing the market. So, with that, I don't know, Scott, if you have any more you want to say.
Scott Anderson: Yes, Jack, maybe just a little customer feedback. I've been lucky to be in probably about 20 meetings in the last 1.5 month with our top customers. I would say sentiment is pretty consistent with what you're hearing with retailers and sort of higher levels of inventory. But it's really dependent by vertical. There are areas of strength. Automotive, health care, are some. I would say a common theme of these meetings, too, is just sort of the longer-term partnership aspect of working with Robinson and us helping them solve their logistics challenges going forward with our full portfolio. So, the one thing we're doing in a softer market is we're really leaning into customer engagement and face-to-face meetings.
Jack Atkins: Okay, guys. Thank you so much for the color.
Scott Anderson: Thanks, Jack.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Stephanie Moore of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Stephanie Moore: Hey. Good afternoon. Thank you. Scott, I wanted to maybe get a little bit more color around the ongoing CEO search. I do think that in general, the market would like to see some certainty here. Now that it's been, call it, several months of this evaluation process, if you could just provide any update of what expertise you, the Board are looking for in the new CEO in the evaluation of candidates, maybe some that might have specific brokerage experience or just transportation experience as well as the view of someone who might have experience outside of transportation entirely, just maybe how the Board is thinking about these factors? Thanks.
Scott Anderson: Sure. Stephanie. As I've mentioned in my prepared comments, the process is moving as expected and we expect to name the new CEO here in this quarter. The pool of candidates is diverse and strong. Board is looking for a proven leader, seasoned executive, really with an operational expertise and someone who can drive positive change inside Robinson. I would say the search committee and the Board is also committed to finding the right leader and we believe we're coming to the conclusion of that process. And part of what I'm doing with the senior leadership team is really making decisions and not pausing on anything. So we set this up for success for the new leader and that leader can move quickly once announced.
Stephanie Moore: Great. Thank you. And then lastly, I appreciate the additional color that you gave in response to Jack's question about what's going on in the NAST business. But maybe you could give us some color about what's going on in the Global Forwarding cycle. I think it started to deteriorate a bit earlier. Is there an opportunity for that to also rebound a bit faster, too? Any color there would be helpful? Thank you.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes, I think there has been softness certainly in both ocean and air that we've seen. Most recently, over the past few weeks, there are some green shoots of more positive news and demand volume and shipments and whatnot. But I think it's too early to call that a trend. I think the market has really been soft, and you've seen the pricing come down as a result of that softness pretty much across the board.
Scott Anderson: I would add, Stephanie, we've been very active in the RFQ process with customers back to sort of that strategy of leaning in. And obviously, peak season coming, we'll be prepared for that. And if it is soft, we'll also be in a position to adjust cost in that business as we see fit.
Stephanie Moore: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Jason Seidl of TD Cowen. Please go ahead. 
Jason Seidl: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, gentlemen. I wanted to talk a little bit about the cycle. I know you mentioned that you think we're sort of getting close with in terms of the North American truckload bottom, if we will. What do you guys need to do to prepare for that in terms of your mix of business? And then if you can comment on where you think we're at with the cycle there in ocean?
Mike Zechmeister: Yes, I mean one of the things that we do is we forecast pricing in the marketplace. If you go to our website, and we give you a look at what we think the market is going to be, and right now, from a pricing standpoint, we kind of feel like we're probably at the bottom or very near the bottom of the spot market. When you think about the contract market, the contract pricing will follow the spot market. So there's still some downward pressure on pricing within the contract market as those -- the contracts that were a year old come to reprice. And so there's still a little bit of that going on. I think on the ocean air side, we're just getting to the end or nearing the end of the annual rebidding cycle on pricing in that market. I think our team has been pretty encouraged. In that business, we've been able to grow share here over the past few years. And that market is one that we participated pretty effectively in both ocean and air. We brought on some talent. We've had some technology advances, and we've had some geographic expansions and some in some verticals that we've gone into, too. So, I think we feel pretty good about the customer engagement there. We feel pretty good about the bid process. And coming out of this last round, I think we feel optimistic that we'll be able to continue to grow share in the market on both ocean and air.
Jason Seidl: That's good color. Just a quick follow-up. And so you mentioned if I were a customer that go online, if I'm looking at sort of base pricing for truckload in the back half of the year, you guys would be forecasting that up from current levels then.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. Down -- we're kind of feeling like we're at the low now. We feel like that will come up as we go through the year and probably end the year higher than where we're at.
Jason Seidl: Fair enough.
Mike Zechmeister: Obviously, on that, I'm talking -- what we've got on the website is our spot market. And like I said, price and contract follows the spot market. So, as those contracts reprice, those will come along with it.
Jason Seidl: Got you. Appreciate it, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from David Zazula of Barclays. Please go ahead. 
David Zazula: Thanks for taking my question. Could you comment on the LTL market a little bit? I noticed you had outperformed at least some of the indices we've tracked on volumes. What you're doing to drive share in that space and where you think the LTL market will go heading forward.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. On the LTL side, we've reported Q1 volumes down 5%. That was lower than our expectations going in, but that market also faces a similar softness that we're seeing across the board. What we've talked about on our LTL business has been the impact of a couple of large customers that we lost during the pandemic that we've had to lap. But we feel good about the automation that we've been able to bring to that business and our effectiveness at getting out there and competing from a margin standpoint, that business kind of runs a little bit with fuel prices. So, that's the one part of our business where margins are improved when fuel is up and come down a little when fuel comes down. And so as we comp last year, from a fuel perspective, I think in Q1, we were down about $3 on impact on fuel, and so there's a little bit of that margin going on there. But overall, we feel like we've been able to compete there despite the results coming in softer than we originally expected.
David Zazula: Is that -- Arun, quick, you mentioned some automation initiatives. I guess can you talk to the extent you have on any feedback you've gotten from customers that are resistant in what you do and to maybe help customers along with the initiatives you're implementing.
Arun Rajan: Yes. Good question. So most of the automation that we're doing actually should have extreme customer benefit. Much of what we're doing is automation on the carrier side or internally as it relates to appointment-related tasks. And where customers have -- so on the customer side, will customers have systems or scheduling systems that we can integrate with to do appointments, that's great, and/or they allow us to reach into their systems via automation and book and scheduled appointments. Ultimately, it's a cost savings for them as well, so they don't really push back at all. And as it relates to in-transit tracking and track and trace, most of that -- the heavy lifting is about -- it's not really heavy lifting. It's about like self-server carriers, ultimately, right? Carriers now have the ability with better and hardened technology to self-serve as it relates to giving us visibility to their locations, which then gives us greater confidence that we can relay back to our customers around service performance. So, ultimately, on both sides of the marketplace, we haven't really found significant pushback on the activities that we're currently working on.
David Zazula: Thanks very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Chris Wetherbee of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Thanks. Good afternoon. Wanted to maybe talk a little bit about some of the cost initiatives that you guys are working on, I know you've upsized your cost-out goals for the year. I'm wondering, maybe particularly on the personnel side, we could maybe break that down between heads and then maybe incentive comp if that is part of it or if extensive comp is excluded from the numbers. Just wondering if you want to start there.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. Sure, Chris. So we talk about the $300 million cost savings relative to the commitment that we have put out there on our last call. And just to recap that, we had originally said we were going to do $150 million in net annualized cost savings, and we use the base on that as Q3 expenses from last year, which were about $600 million. So, you annualize that $600 million, that's the $2.4 billion. Midpoint of our new guidance is $2.1 billion. That's how you get the $300 million of overall savings. And then what you saw in the guidance that we put out there was $100 million reduction in 2023 on the midpoint of our personnel expense. When you get into the composition of that, we do have some tailwind from normalized incentive for our folks. And then we also -- going forward, our annual salary increases go into effect in March. And so they didn't impact Q1 fully, just the end of it. And so that will be a little bit of a headwind going forward for us on the expense side. But the primary force behind the personnel expense guidance change was our staffing. And so we've made really nice progress on our staffing in Q4 and in Q1. We ended -- if you look at ending head count in Q1, we were about 16,400, which is down about 1,000 from where we were at the end of Q4. And if you went back to Q3, we're down about 1,500 from where we were in Q3. And so we talked about the fact that we needed to get out there and kind of fix our cost structure from a long-term perspective. And I think we've done a pretty decent job of both rightsizing for some of the expense escalation that we had when the market was hot and the volumes required more service, frankly, because times are tenuous. And so we had to correct for that a little bit. And then just looking at the long-term cost structure that we need to be competitive going forward, we really felt like we needed to do some things there, and we did. And all along, we've had really good work on streamlining our processes and putting automation in to really allow our people to do more value-added tasks, things that they want to do more, getting rid of some of the work that is less desirable and building that toolbox for them so that they can focus on growing our business profitably with the great tool box to support them.
Scott Anderson: Chris, this is Scott. I'll just add on to that because one of the things we've really worked with the senior leadership team on the last 90 days is taking complexity out of the organization and simplifying things and as we all know; an important part of our strategy is also deciding what you say no to and concentrating resources in areas of the highest impact. So, simply put, we're really focused on reducing spend by focusing on the things that matter most. And part of this is the right thing to do for the business for the decade ahead but also, as I talked about before, to really give the new CEO of platform to move quickly. And I'm really proud of the work the senior team has done, and they're tough decisions. But I think we're going to see a benefit for all of our stakeholders going forward.
Chris Wetherbee: Okay, that's extremely helpful color, so I appreciate you guys running me through that. And maybe a quick follow-up to sort of transitioning a bit to the Global Forwarding business. There has been some signs of life off of a very low bottom in terms of spot rates on the ocean side over the course of the last couple of weeks. I think some other players have had maybe better success with contracting relative to the beginning of the contracting season for this year relative to what the spot market might suggest. I don't know if those are that's sort of how you guys are thinking about that market as you move into the spring season as we're going through that annual shipping contracting season. Is that something that you've seen? Or is it continuing to sort of follow the path of the spot market?
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. We're getting to the end of that process to reestablish contracts for the year, and I think the team feels pretty good about it for a variety of reasons. And the upgrade and technology that we've had in Global Forwarding has really helped our connection with customers and helped us in terms of success. We rolled out Navisphere 2.0 in that space. That rollout was completed in January, and the customers are reacting positively to that. We're exceeding our expectations on monthly average users, track of trace usage, data quality, feature usage by customers. So, what they're getting is they're more -- they're getting more customized reporting capabilities, data insights, analytics to support decisions. And I think those are the kind of things that have helped us get closer to customers and get the attention of some new customers. And so that's despite the soft market. Like you say, there is some reason here in the last few weeks to think maybe there's some positive news there. But like I said, not enough to call it a trend, but I think our team is more excited about the engagement they have with the customers and the attention that they're getting in some of the new verticals and geographies as well to feel good about their continuation of the share gains that they've seen over the past few years.
Chris Wetherbee: Okay. Very good. Thanks very much for the color. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Bruce Chan of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Bruce Chan: Yes. Thanks everyone, and good afternoon. Maybe if I could just follow-up here on the commentary around Navisphere 2.0. I mean, I know it's still very early in the deployment. But when you think about it, is this a tool that we need to start seeing EBIT conversion or profit per head start to close the gap with some of your best-in-class peers? What's sort of the time line for that process, if you don't mind sharing some color there?
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. Let me take a cut at that, and Arun might have a couple of comments as well. So the Navisphere 2.0, while it helps with efficiency, it's really more to help us engage with the customers in a more constructive way to help solve some of the problems that they have, make sure they're getting data the way they want it. We've had some other technology enhancements on the GF side around being able to quote more efficiently, which is important in the bidding process. And so while that -- some of that tech is rolling out, the game plan on the Global Forwarding side is not unlike the game plan on the NAST side, but just a little further behind, I would say, in Global Forwarding with a lot more upside due to the complexities associated with that market when you think about languages, currencies, customs and rules and laws as you get goods transported around the world. So, I think really good upside there. But that technology investment has been going on and will continue to go on in the feature enhancements and benefits that we were talking about with Navisphere 2.0 really growth more than efficiency, but we do have efficiency investments around as well.
Arun Rajan: Yes. So, to kind of elaborate when you reference Navisphere 2.0 or online 2.0, that's really more about customer self-service capabilities. And so it's more about customer engagement, customer retention and growth, to Mike's point. As it relates to productivity, there are a whole set of activities similar to how we're doing in transit tracking, automation and self-serve and we're doing appointment-related task automation and NAST to drive up productivity. Global Forwarding has similar activities as it relates to how a given file, we call it the metric we track internally, is something along the lines of shipments per person per day. It's files per person per day, and we have various activities or underlying initiatives similar to NAST to unlock productivity there. So, I'd say that's a little bit decoupled from the reference to Navisphere 2.0.
Bruce Chan: Okay, that's fair commentary. And if I could just push a little bit more on that. When I think back to, call it, 2016, 2017, after APC and a spate of other acquisitions that you did in Global Forwarding. I think the commentary there was that still a new and growing organization, there were still a lot of efficiency and productivity that was left to extract. And here we are in 2023, and we're kind of back to the same sort of EBIT conversion ratios. So, what makes you confident that this time around, you've got the right….
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. Let me start, and again, I'll let Arun make some comments as well. The team has been growing share. We've been happy with the progress that they've been making talked about, new geographies. Currently, top three Ocean forward China to the US, from India to the US, US to Oceania. They've made progress in the Europe to US trade lanes. They achieved the number four ranking there in Q1, just expand it geographically into the Middle East, opened an office there in Dubai in mid-February and picked up customers really all around the world, not just Trans-Pacific, but Europe, Southeast Asia, Oceana, Latin America, India, et cetera. So, the team has been doing a pretty good job. And the journey to optimization there is -- it's -- there's a lot of runway there. It's a complex marketplace, and there's a lot of ability to streamline processes and automate and get ourselves to an efficiency level that we want to. So I think the performance has been good. I think the runway is pretty solid there, too.
Arun Rajan: Yes. To add to what Mike said, I think there are probably a couple of other factors that are relevant. There was probably a lot of work around foundational technology investments that had to happen over time, onboarding some of the acquisitions onto our platform. I will say that over the recent past, call it the past 12, 24 months, there's been heightened scrutiny around connecting technology investments to actual unlock of either productivity or revenue leakage or whatever else. And so I'd say the discipline or the data-driven discipline around investment priorities and linking it back to outcomes has probably gained heightened focus over the last year or two.
Bruce Chan: Okay. Very good. Thank you 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Jordan Alliger of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Jordan Alliger: Yes. Hi. You referenced, I think, the bottom of the cycle in a few different ways. And one of the things I think you talked about was spot prices approach operating breakeven costs. It will start taking out capacity. I'm just curious your thoughts on how quick the processes could be, especially given demand. And then maybe what's been your experience from your carrier partners? Have you seen anything in that regard? Thanks.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. Thanks Jordan. A couple of comments there. We do think that the pricing is getting to the point where capacity you would think would start coming out of the market. When we look at new carrier sign-ups, they're down pretty significantly down about 50% year-over-year in the quarter and sequentially down by one-third as well. So, that's usually an indication of things slowing down, but the cost for carriers with labor rates, insurance rates and fuel has become more expensive than if they purchased a truck here in the last few years, that was probably more expensive, too. So, I think it's probably fair to say that we're on the verge of some capacity coming out truckload for sure. I'll give you some interesting maybe information around the cycle, too. So there are no guarantees in terms of forecasting when the cycle is when they will come and go from peak to trough. But if you look at the last three cycles in the US and you're looking at AGP per shipment, we've seen some similarity in the duration of those cycles. So, if you looked at the time between the last three peak quarters, it was 3 to 3.5 years. And if you looked at the time between the troughs, it was also 3 to 3.5 years. And so you're talking about six to seven quarters between the peak and trough or vice versa. Now no way to know if this freight cycle is going to follow suit. But our last peak in truckload AGP per shipment was seven quarters from Q4 of 2018 to Q3 2020. And so again, history repeated itself six to seven quarters from our last peak, which was Q2 of 2022. And then we'd be talking about Q4 this year or Q1 of next year as the trough on an AGP per shipment kind of basis.
Jordan Alliger: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hey. Good afternoon. Thanks for fitting me in here. The rate or month per mile on your truckload slide six there, being down 28%, that's kind of well ahead of some of the benchmark indices that you follow from CAS and some of the other third-party stuff. Can you give us a sense for how much of the book is getting repriced at this level right now? And what does that mean kind of from a go-forward perspective? Are we going to be stabilizing at these levels? Or is there still some more maybe pain to take as this truck cycle reaches its trough?
Mike Zechmeister: Yes, we re-price our contracts all throughout the year; tend to be a little bit heavier in Q4 and Q1. So call it, 60% gets repriced in Q4 and Q1 and the other 40% in Q3 -- in Q2 and Q3. So you kind of think about it that way. I think what was interesting when we're looking at price per mile and cost per mile this quarter in comparison to last year was just how much the decline was on a percentage basis. So, we were -- as we kind of pointed out, we're down 27.5% on a rate per mile and 28.5% on a cost per mile. And so when you look at year-over-year, those are the largest that we've seen in over a decade. Sequentially, it was the fifth straight quarter that price per mile came down and also the fifth straight quarter that cost per mile came down, and that's after the run-up that we saw for seven, eight quarters prior to that. So that's the way we're seeing it play out.
David Vernon: Okay. And then maybe just as a quick follow-up. You don't give us some of the same detail in terms of the buy and sell rates for the business and understand different modes, more complicated. But I guess as you think about the rate at which your customer rates are coming down and correcting with the -- available indices we will be looking at, is that spreads, also widening a little bit, or are we getting to the point where your Forwarding business has caught up to where sort of market rates are today.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. Like we kind of said that business gets re-bid, repriced here, and we've been going through that. And hard to say where you've hit bottom, that -- especially on the ocean side, you have a capacity issue there that's got to play out in terms of there's certainly, capacity coming into the market there. And there's a little bit coming out, but not as much as coming in. And so how that plays out is yet to be seen, particularly considering the macro environment and what's there in demand. The market is looking at the possibility of a recession here for the remainder of the year. Obviously, that impacts demand. And so, that supply/demand kind of play in the ocean business is a little bit harder to call at this point in how pricing will get reflected there.
David Vernon: And on the air side?
Mike Zechmeister: Yes, similar dynamics on the air side. I wouldn't say much different there except for the capacity situation is obviously a little bit different. But it will key off the macro demand environment, and that, I think, is yet to be seen--
David Vernon: All right. Thanks for the time guys.
Mike Zechmeister: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We're showing time for one last question today. The final question is coming from Ken Hoexter of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Great. Thanks for squeezing me in. Scott, maybe just -- how do you think about the core brokerage? I know you had some questions in the prepared remarks on the timing of the CEO. But should C.H. be moving to more automation and less people intensive? I guess I want to understand your thoughts on the design for the company and where you think it's headed.
Scott Anderson: Yes, Ken, great question. I think it's a combination of both. I think the technology amplifies the expertise of our people and our ability for our people to drive continued growth and drive operating leverage for the business and grow without adding headcount is one of the key things to what we're doing. So, to me, we're on a path to have multiple wins win for our customers, win for our carriers and a win for our people when we do this the right way.
Ken Hoexter: But I guess to take it a step further, do we see a reshaping of it, where we're seeing big layoffs to shift the dynamic of that balance in the near-term?
Scott Anderson: No, I think one of the things that Robinson is so strong at is our commercial engine. And I think one of the things we have to do is leverage the technology. We've seen that in terms of how we compete against our technology competitors. So, this is an additive game, a one plus one equals four or five. And one of the things Arun is doing and part of our cost reduction strategy here is also to drive costs out of areas and take complexity out of the organization to drive it towards the right things that grow the business and grow margin.
Ken Hoexter: That's helpful to understand. And then just a follow-up, on the capacity exits, I guess there are a lot of peers that are focused on -- you mentioned the digital peers focused on positive and profitable volume growth in taking share. Maybe can you just spend a minute talking about the competitive dynamic in the market right now?
Mike Zechmeister: Yes, I'll make a couple of comments there, Ken. So I mentioned that the competitiveness seems to have heated up, particularly on the brokerage side here. And we could certainly go out and get more volume, but we're committed to getting profitable volume. And so we are not interested in getting into any kind of competitive situation that would lead us to issues with negative loads or chasing that kind of volume. So, we've been pretty disciplined there. We've got really good pricing engines. We feel like we've got great understanding in the market. And so we feel like we can compete pretty effectively there with our data advantage and our people and connectivity to the customers in a way that will continue to be able to make strides both on a market share gain standpoint and against our margin targets.
Ken Hoexter: Great. Scott, Mike thanks for the time. Appreciate it.
Mike Zechmeister: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Ives for closing comments.
Chuck Ives: Yes. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. That concludes today's earnings call, and we look forward to talking to you again. Have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines or log off the website at this time and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Fourth Quarter 2022 Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the company’s prepared remarks we will open the line for live question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, February 1, 2023. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chuck Ives, Director of Investor Relations.
Chuck Ives: Thank you, Donna, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today is Scott Anderson, our Interim Chief Executive Officer; Arun Rajan, our Chief Operating Officer; and Mike Zechmeister, our Chief Financial Officer. Scott and Mike will provide a summary of our 2022 fourth quarter results and our outlook for 2023. Arun will provide an update on our path to a scalable operating model to improve the customer and carrier experience. And then we will open the call up for questions. Our earnings presentation slides are supplemental to our earnings release and can be found on the Investors section of our website at investor.chrobinson.com. Our prepared comments are not intended to follow the slides. If we do refer to specific information on the slides, we will let you know which slide we're referencing. I'd also like to remind you that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. Slide two in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management's expectations. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Anderson: Thank you, Chuck. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'd like to start today's call by expressing my appreciation and the Board's gratitude for the contributions that Bob Biesterfeld made to C.H. Robinson over his 24 years with the company, including his three years as CEO. Under Bob's guidance, C.H. Robinson navigated the challenges presented by the pandemic and the ongoing supply chain disruptions. And he played an important role in positioning Robinson for long-term success. We wish Bob all the best. In order to accelerate C.H. Robinson's strategic initiatives and take the company into its next chapter, the Board felt that a change in leadership was needed. Jodee Kozlak, the newly appointed Chair of the Board, is leading the Search Committee to find a new CEO. With Jodee's background and expertise, I can't think of anyone more qualified to lead the Board and the search process. To give you a little of my background, I've spent over 10 years as a Director here at Robinson and the last three years as Chairman of the Board. I've spent the first 25 years of my career at Patterson Companies, most recently as CEO from 2010 to 2017 and also Chairman from 2013 to 2017. I look forward to working closely with Jodee and the Board as well as the whole Robinson team in the coming weeks and months. I'm excited to bring my experience and my knowledge of Robinson to the role of Interim CEO. I'm leveraging the relationships I have with the senior leadership team to ensure that we continue delivering superior global services and capabilities to our customers and carriers while continuing to execute with great focus on our sustainable growth strategy. During my first few weeks as Interim CEO, I've been meeting with our customers and employees who are highly engaged and motivated to win. And I'm confident in our ability to navigate this transition and deliver for our customers. Throughout the transition, we're increasing our focus on delivering a scalable operating model to lower our costs, improve the customer and carrier experience, and foster long-term profitable growth through cycles. The current point in the cycle is one of shippers managing through elevated inventories amidst slowing economic growth, causing unseasonably soft demand for transportation services. At the same time, prices for ground transportation and global freight forwarding are declining due to the changing balance of supply and demand.  While the correction in the freight forwarding market was certainly expected, the speed and magnitude of the correction in only two quarters was unexpected, with ocean rates on some trade lanes already back to pre-pandemic levels. As a result, our operating costs were misaligned. As was announced on our third quarter earnings call, we have taken actions to structurally reduce our overall cost structure. The actions are expected to generate net annualized cost savings of $150 million by Q4 2023 as compared to the annualized Q3 2022 run rate. If growth opportunities or economic conditions play out differently than we expect, we'll adjust our plans accordingly. I believe we're uniquely positioned in the marketplace to deliver for our shippers, carriers and shareholders through a combination of our digital solutions, our global suite of services and our network of global logistics experts. Now let me turn it over to Mike for a review of our fourth quarter results.
Mike Zechmeister: Thanks, Scott, and good afternoon, everyone. Our Q4 financial results reflect the price declines and slowing demand in the freight forwarding and surface transportation markets that Scott referenced earlier.  Our fourth quarter total company adjusted gross profit or AGP was down $88 million or 10.3% compared to Q4 of 2021 driven by a 39% decline in Global Forwarding and partially offset by a 5.7% growth in NAST. The market softness was also prominent on a sequential basis, with total company AGP down 13%, including a 24% decline in Global Forwarding and an 11% decline in NAST. On a monthly basis, compared to Q4 of 2021, our total company AGP per business day was down 10% in October, down 7% in November and down 14% in December.  In our NAST truckload business, our volume declined on a year-over-year basis for the first time in seven quarters with shipments down 4%. Within the fourth quarter, monthly volume declined sequentially from October through December as freight demand weakened. Our AGP per truckload shipment increased 6.5% versus Q4 last year due to an increase in our contractual truckload AGP per shipment. On a sequential basis, however, our truckload AGP per shipment came down 6.5% but remained above our 10-year average. During Q4, we had an approximate mix of 65% contractual volume and 35% transactional volume compared to a 55-45 mix in the same period a year ago. Routing guide depth of tender in our Managed Services business, which is a proxy for our overall market, declined from 1.3 in the third quarter to 1.2 in the fourth quarter, which is the lowest level we've seen since the pandemic impacted second quarter of 2020. The sequential declines in our truckload linehaul cost price per mile that we experienced in Q1 through Q3 continued in Q4 as excess carrier capacity, combined with slowing demand, led to the softening market conditions. This resulted in an approximate 24% year-over-year decline in our average truckload linehaul cost paid to carriers, excluding fuel surcharges. Our average linehaul rate billed to our customers, excluding fuel surcharges, decreased year-over-year by approximately 21%. With the cost down 24% and price down 21%, we saw a 3% increase in our NAST truckload AGP per mile on a year-over-year basis. In our Global Forwarding business, higher customer inventory levels, combined with softening demand, contributed to significantly reduced import prices for ocean and airfreight. In Q4, Global Forwarding generated AGP of $188.7 million, representing a year-over-year decrease of 39% versus the record high fourth quarter in 2021, which was up 72%. With these results, our ocean forwarding AGP declined $89 million or 43% year-over-year compared to an 86.5% growth in Q4 of 2021. The Q4 results were driven by a 36.5% decrease in AGP per shipment and a 9.5% decrease in shipments. AGP in our airfreight business declined by $33 million or 51.5% year-over-year compared to a 92% growth in Q4 of 2021. This was driven by a 40% decline in AGP per metric ton and a 19.5% decrease in metric tons shipped. Despite the soft market, the forwarding team continues to add new customers and diversify our industry verticals and trade lanes. In Q4, approximately 50% of our AGP from new business was generated from trade lanes other than the trans-Pacific lane. Now turning to expenses. Q4 personnel expenses were $427.3 million, up 1.7% compared to Q4 last year, including $21.5 million of severance and related charges driven by the restructuring that we initiated in November. The restructuring-related costs were partially offset by a decrease in equity compensation as we reversed some previously accrued expense due to financial results that came in lower than previously expected. On a sequential basis, Q4 personnel expenses declined $10.2 million. Excluding the restructuring charges in Q4, personnel expenses declined $31.7 million sequentially due to lower incentive compensation and lower salaries and benefits associated with reduced headcount. Our Q4 average headcount declined 2% versus our Q3 average. The workforce reduction initiated in November affected approximately 650 employees. While nearly 150 of those employees had left the company prior to December 31, over 600 had exited as of early January. As we continue to make progress on delivering a scalable operating model, we expect our headcount to decline throughout 2023 as productivity improves. For 2023, we expect our personnel expenses to be $1.55 billion to $1.65 billion, down approximately 7% at the midpoint compared to our 2022 total of $1.72 billion, primarily due to reduced headcount. Excluding the restructuring charges in Q4 of 2022, the midpoint of our 2023 guidance for personnel expenses is down approximately 6% year-over-year. Moving on to SG&A. Q4 expenses of $176.8 million were up $27.9 million compared to Q4 of 2021 driven primarily by $15.2 million of restructuring charges and a year-over-year increase in legal settlements, partially offset by a decrease in credit losses. The restructuring charges in SG&A primarily included an impairment to internally developed software related to the reprioritization of our technology investments that Arun will speak to shortly. Our approach to investments and investment prioritization is more data-driven and more focused on delivering a scalable operating model than in the past, which is improving the value of the benefits we are delivering and allowing us to pivot more quickly if investments are not delivering as expected. For 2023, we expect our total SG&A expenses to be $575 million to $625 million compared to $603.4 million in 2022. The slight decrease at the midpoint includes an expected decrease in legal settlements in the absence of two onetime items that occurred in 2022. Those include the $15.2 million Q4 restructuring charge and the $25.3 million Q2 gain from the sale and leaseback of our Kansas City regional center. 2023 SG&A expenses are expected to include approximately $90 million to $100 million of depreciation and amortization expense compared to $93 million in 2022. Q4 interest and other expense totaled $42.5 million, up $24.1 million versus Q4 of last year. Q4 of 2022 included $24.8 million of interest expense, up $10.7 million versus the prior year, primarily due to higher short-term average interest rates. Q4 results also include a $16.9 million loss on foreign currency revaluation, up $10.4 million compared to Q4 of last year driven by the relative weakness of the U.S. dollar. As a reminder, the FX impacts are predominantly non-cash gains and losses on intercompany balances, which is why they are not hedged. Q4 tax rate came in at 20.9%, bringing our full year tax rate to 19.4%. We expect our 2023 full year effective tax rate to be 19% to 21%, assuming no meaningful changes to federal, state or international tax policy. Q4 net income was $96.2 million, and diluted earnings per share was $0.80. Adjusted or non-GAAP earnings per share, excluding the $36.7 million of restructuring charges, was $1.03, down 41% compared to Q4 of '21, which was up 61% versus the prior year. Turning to cash flow. Q4 cash flow generated by operations was a record $773.4 million compared to $75.9 million in Q4 of 2021. As we have talked about in prior earnings calls, we were expecting an improvement in working capital when the cost and price of purchase transportation came down. The $698 million year-over-year improvement was driven by a $650 million sequential decrease in net operating working capital in Q4 due to the declining cost and price of ocean, air and truckload in our model. Conversely, Q4 of last year included a $200 million sequential increase in net operating working capital as costs and prices were rising. If you look back at the period when cost and price of purchased transportation was rising from the end of 2019 to Q2 of 2022, our net operating working capital increased by approximately $1.5 billion. Between Q3 and Q4, as the cost and price of purchased transportation has come down, we have realized over $1 billion of benefit to working capital and operating cash flow. That benefit has come on a lag basis based on our DSO and DPO. Driven by the increased free cash flow generation in Q4, we returned $507 million of cash to shareholders through $438 million of share repurchases and $69 million of cash dividends. The Q4 cash returned to shareholders significantly exceeded net income and was up by 128% versus Q4 last year driven by the record cash flow. Consistent with our capital allocation strategy, to the extent that we have excess cash after managing through our commitments, investments and holding to an investment-grade credit rating, we are committed to returning that cash to shareholders through share repurchases. Capital expenditures were $27.8 million in Q4, bringing our full year capital spending to $128.5 million, up $58 million compared to 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase in internally developed software. We expect our 2023 capital expenditures to be in the range of $90 million to $100 million. Now on to the balance sheet highlights. We ended Q4 with approximately $1.34 billion of liquidity comprised of $1.12 billion of committed funding under our credit facilities and a cash balance of $218 million. Our debt balance at the end of Q4 was $1.97 billion, up $55 million versus Q4 last year, primarily driven by our expanded capacity to borrow given the strong EBITDA performance. Our net debt-to-EBITDA leverage at the end of Q4 was 1.29 times, down from 1.42 times at the end of Q4 last year. As I mentioned, our capital allocation strategy is based on maintaining our investment-grade credit rating, which allows us to optimize our cost of capital. As we anticipate reduced earnings in 2023 given the strong results in the first half of 2022, we are planning for a lower level of debt to deliver our leverage targets. To the extent that we reduce our debt levels, this may reduce the amount of cash used for share repurchases. In December, our Board authorized and declared a 10.9% increase in our regular quarterly dividend taking it to $0.61 beginning with the dividend that was paid in January. We have now distributed uninterrupted dividends without decline for more than 25 years. Over the long term, we remain committed to growing our quarterly cash dividend in alignment with long-term EBITDA growth and using our share repurchase program as important levers to enhancing shareholder value. With that, I'll turn the call over to Arun to walk through our strategy to deliver a scalable operating model and strengthen our customer and carrier experience.
Arun Rajan: Thanks, Mike, and good afternoon, everyone. During the fourth quarter, we continued to focus our efforts on working backwards from customers and carriers needs to build a scalable operating model. A scalable operating model improves customer and carrier experience and improves service levels while simultaneously reducing our cost to serve. These efforts include operationalizing our information advantage at scale by giving customers insights around price and coverage and providing features to carriers that improve their utilization and cash flow. Increased digitization is a key element of the scalable operating model. There are a number of data points that demonstrate our progress in 2022, including 183% increase in loads booked digitally by carriers and increased digitization across the board as evidenced by 2.3 billion digital transactions with customers and carriers, which represented a 30% increase year-over-year. In 2023, we will continue to deliver meaningful improvements to our customer, carrier and employee experience by accelerating the digital execution of all touch points in the life cycle of the road, including order management, appointments, in-transit tracking, cash advances and financial and documentation processes. We made progress on this front in Q4 as well with the automation of appointment-related tasks, increasing 34% year-over-year and in-transit tracking automation increasing by 450 basis points versus Q3. We are focused on opportunities to automate or make self-serve those processes that are core to our operating model, which we expect will enable us to decouple volume and headcount growth and drive increased productivity while simultaneously improving the customer experience and service levels. Throughout 2023, we'll provide updates on the progress we're making on shipments per person per day, which is a key metric to measure our productivity improvements. During the recent restructuring efforts, we continued our ongoing evaluation and prioritization of our tech and software projects. Through the assessment of those projects, we determined that some were no longer relevant to the acceleration of our scalable operating model, and we incurred the restructuring charges that Mike described earlier. The remaining projects are better aligned to improve the customer and carrier experience and reduce our cost to serve. And therefore, we're allocating more of our investments to those projects. We've also taken steps to align compensation and incentives to support our strategic priority of creating a scalable operating model, which is foundational to being the low-cost operator, which ultimately gives us the pricing flexibility to unlock and accelerate long-term market share growth while delivering our long-term operating margin targets. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Scott for his final comments.
Scott Anderson: Thanks, Arun. As inflationary pressures continue to weigh on global economic growth and freight markets present cyclical challenges, we need to continue evolving our organization to bring great focus to our highest long-term strategic priorities, including keeping the needs of our customers and carriers at the center of what we do while lowering our overall cost structure by driving scale.  I believe in the strategy that the team is executing on to deliver a scalable operating model. We expect this initiative will continue to drive improvements in our customer and carrier experience and amplify the expertise of our people, all of which will drive share gains and growth. And as Arun said, we expect these efforts will also improve our productivity, which will reduce our operating costs and lead to improved returns for our shareholders. I'd like to close by saying thank you to our employees for persevering during the period of extended market disruption and the market correction that is followed and for continuing to provide industry-leading service to our customers and carriers. This concludes our prepared remarks. And with that, I'll turn it back to Donna for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Today's first question is coming from Jack Atkins of Stephens. Please go ahead. 
Jack Atkins: Good afternoon. And thank you for taking my question. So Scott, if I could address this to you. The change in leadership at the CEO level would indicate that the Board believes that a change in strategic direction is necessary. But if I listen to the message on the conference call today, it's very similar to the message three months ago from the company. So I guess my fundamental question here is, what is actually changing at C.H. Robinson today? And as you think about the qualities that you're looking for in the permanent CEO, what are those? And where does the Board want to take this company over the long term? Thank you.
Scott Anderson: Yes. Thanks, Jack. Appreciate the question. A few things. First of all, the Board was unanimous in our decision. And it really was around an opportunity for this to be an inflection point of performance at the company, and new leadership being a component of that in terms of making that happen. As I said in my prepared remarks as well, we were also unanimous in our appreciation of Bob's contribution to the company over his career. I think this is a tremendous opportunity here at Robinson and couldn't be more excited after the five weeks I've spent with our people and in the field. Our core strategy of building out our operating model going forward, I think, is solid. Obviously, new eyes in terms of a new CEO will give some perspective to that as well. But strategically, we are absolutely in a spot with global supply chains becoming more complex to be a go-to partner in the future. So this is not a shift in strategy for the company. This is really a shift in sort of accelerating performance and moving at a faster pace.
Jack Atkins: And then in terms of the qualities for the next CEO, can you maybe talk about that for a moment? 
Scott Anderson: Yes. As I mentioned, Jodee Kozlak, our Board Chair now is the Head of the Search Committee. Just for background, Jodee was the former Chief HR Officer at Target. So she's familiar in processes like this. We're using a leading executive search firm that's helping the Board. We're going to take our time. We're going to be thorough and inclusive. And we're going to be broad in terms of the type of qualities we're looking at for the next CEO. Like I said before, this is a tremendous opportunity for somebody. We're looking for an experienced operator with sharp strategic thinking and someone who really can take Robinson to the next level. I think the next 10 years for Robinson are going to be the most exciting for the company going forward. So the opportunity here is fantastic for the next leader.
Jack Atkins: Okay. Thank you for the time. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Bruce Chan of Stifel. Please go ahead. 
Bruce Chan: Thanks, operator. And good afternoon everyone. Maybe just a follow-up on the strategic question and maybe in a little bit more of a pointed way. But when you think about your customer base, how many of them use you for end-to-end service? How many are both NAST and Global Forwarding customers? And then when you think about Bob's kind of statement before that Global Forwarding was an intrinsic part of Robinson, do you feel the same way about that division going forward? Thank you.
Scott Anderson: Yes. First, why don't I turn it over to Mike for some specifics on that, and then I'll get my perspective.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. As we look at the combination of NAST and Global Forwarding, we've seen some great opportunities from a cross-selling standpoint between the two. And as we pointed out, if you look at the last 12 months, we've had over half of our revenue in AGP comes from customers who use both, Surface Transportation and Global Forwarding, services.  We've looked deeper into this. We could probably do a better job at taking advantage of the relationships on both sides, but we have had some pretty compelling results. And I'll share with you one of the studies that we did where we looked at the last five years and we looked at customers who use both NAST and Global Forwarding versus customers who use one or the other. And the five-year compound annual growth rate for customers who use both was 400 basis points better than those who use one or the other. So we've been able to leverage customer relationships, bring business from NAST customers to Global Forwarding customers and vice versa. We believe as we think about customers and what they need and what they want that we can bring a full complement of services that they really need where they can get stuff from center Asia, center China to center U.S. with us and do it in a way that is value-added to their supply chain. So we believe in the ability to leverage both of those businesses, and that's our plans going forward.
Scott Anderson: Yes. And I'll add on to that. I was on the board in 2012 when we did the Phoenix acquisition, which really was sort of the baseline of our modern Global Forwarding business. And we have built a substantial business in Global Forwarding and I think have just begun to see those cross-selling benefits. I'm a believer that, as I said before, global supply chains are getting more complex, and partners that can solve problems and I've seen that already in customer meetings I've sat in over the last five weeks can create tremendous value for multiple players, including Robinson. That being said, as a Board, we always stress test the portfolio and challenge ourselves as to the best ways to drive value for customers and shareholders. So I would say -- particularly, I would say, after the last two years, we have a great franchise in our Robinson Global Forwarding business, and we have a tremendous opportunity in a world where supply chains are just so much important post pandemic.
Bruce Chan: And just a quick follow-up there. You all talked a lot about this new, I guess, global platform and some of the tech changes that you're making. Arun, I didn't hear a whole lot about the Global Forwarding side of that. Maybe just some quick comments about what's in store on the technology side for Forwarding. And ultimately, do you feel that Navisphere is the right platform there?
Arun Rajan: Yes. In terms of scalable operating model, we think of that cross divisionally across NAST and Global Forwarding. The opportunity, as it relates to creating a scalable operating model, exists in Global Forwarding just as much as NAST. In terms of an increased focus in that context, Global Forwarding is already down the path, but we believe there are acceleration opportunities that the product and tech organizations will be focused on starting in the back half of this year. As it relates to Navisphere, I think of Navisphere as a system of record. There is a lot of -- much of the work that we're doing that's probably around Navisphere in terms of how we harvest the data out of it, run our algorithms and present it back to customers and carriers in whatever form they choose to consume it.
Mike Zechmeister: And I would add on to that, that in the Global Forwarding business, the opportunity for tech enhancements is probably greater. The business is probably further behind truckload in the U.S., for sure, and LTL. And so there's more complexity in Global Forwarding when you get languages, currencies, culture, customs that makes it a more challenging environment from a tech enhancement standpoint. But that being said, the tech enhancements on the Global Forwarding side have been great. They've done some really nice backhouse automation. They've got some customer-facing features that have improved services. And they're excited about the tech for 2023. In fact, they've shown the tech to some customers. Nav 2.0 is something that customers are excited about. And it's been a while, I mean, since our team internally has been excited about the upcoming year with respect to tech and Global Forwarding. Certainly is.
Scott Anderson: Yes, this is Scott. I'll just add on just some perspective from the Global Forwarding team. And when you have basically a stress test that they've had and the amount of volume they moved and the way they did it over the last two years, they're very open about areas where technology can help them improve. And to echo what Mike just said, we were with Mike earlier this week who heads up Global Forwarding, and I think he is excited about what's coming but also excited to drive the change management internally that we'll get the investment back on the tech investment for the return.
Bruce Chan: Great. Thanks for the color. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Jeff Kauffman of Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead. 
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you very much. I had a question for Arun. Arun, where -- when you think of digitalization and digital transactions on the platform, how do you define what's digital versus what's not digital? And thinking about both the Forwarding and the NAST businesses separately, where are you in terms of percent of transactions that are -- you consider digital today? And where do you want to be by the time we're finished with this change?
Arun Rajan: Yes. I mean the way we think about digital versus non-digital, if there's a manual touch, it's generally not digital. So you take in-transit tracking as an example. And I think the way a digital-first company might approach that might be different than a broker has approached it for the past couple of decades. And historically, there have been several -- lots of touches as it relates to in-transit tracking. And the way I think about it is the less we touch the load as it relates to in-transit tracking, the better it is in terms of both productivity of our internal people, obviously. And equally for our customers, it's a better experience because you have less variability in service outcomes, and it's a more standardized outcome for them.  So that's kind of how we think about it across multiple processes in the life cycle of the load. So think about track and trace, think about document management, payments, appointments and so on. So it's a matter of driving down the manual touches for each of those processes systematically over time, which drives greater productivity and better customer experience and carriers. That's kind of how we think about it. Scott, go ahead.
Scott Anderson: Yes. I would just add sort of how I talk about it to the employees as sort of an incumbent leader in the space that is using technology to sort of modernize the business is through sort of some business examples, I come from a distribution background. So you look at a company like Grainger and how they've leveraged technology to really drive tasks but then unleash the expertise their employees have for their customers.  That's very similar to, I think, the opportunity we have here is really make our employees or logistics experts much more productive and then make technology tools that are sticky to the customer and that they really appreciate in terms of just making us easier to do business with. And I think Arun's product team is absolutely on that track.
Arun Rajan: And maybe just to add some color to what Scott said. Reducing touches, for sure, along the lines of what I described, were equally amplifying the abilities of our people. An example might be someone in sales. How do we do targeted sales versus sort of the approach that you might have taken in the past? The ability to take behavioral data and give them insights to be more targeted in their efforts. 
Jeff Kauffman: And then the second part of that question, please, Arun, where are you today in terms of -- however you choose to think of it. I was thinking percentage of transactions that are digital. Where do you want to take that in two or three years? And where do you want to take that long term?
Arun Rajan: I think the lens to look at it is -- these are all inputs, and the output that we're looking for is effectively better productivity of our people as we measured by shipments per person per day and a better customer outcome or carrier outcome. In the case of customers, it's better on time in full performance and greater customer satisfaction. So those are the output metrics we look at. And so as a goal for 2023, we have a productivity improvement expectation from these investments of 15% that we track quarterly. I think it's better for us to look at it that way. And the input metrics might vary because we might see a greater opportunity for productivity in in-transit tracking versus appointments. And so we'd rather not go there on these calls and just focus on productivity and customer outcomes as the expectations from these investments.
Jeff Kauffman: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is coming from Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Thanks. Good afternoon. Scott, maybe a question here about Global Forwarding. So it sounds like this is something you think is key to the portfolio going forward. So I think it would be helpful to maybe give a bit of a perspective of where you think we are in sort of the normalization cycle. Obviously, the pandemic boosted rates to extraordinarily elevated levels, and as you noted in the release, were kind of back down to pre-pandemic levels in some of these end markets. So prior to 2020, this business was generating net revenues north of $500 million. It peaked out, obviously, a multiple of that. What is the right number for Global Forwarding as we start to go forward? I guess maybe in other words, how much share has been sort of captured there? What's the cross-selling opportunity? Just if you could give us some perspective of how to think about it in the context of normalization, I think that would be great.
Scott Anderson: Yes. Great, Chris. I'll make a few comments and then turn it over to Mike to dive into a little more granular detail. I would say my statement is Global Forwarding at Robinson today is a much stronger business than it was pre-pandemic. And I think part of what we owe to you is exactly that question is what is the run rate of this business on a more normalized rate.  I'm super encouraged by Mike Short and his team and what we're doing in the marketplace, knowing that we're up against a backdrop of a tougher marketplace this year. But maybe Mike can give some specifics in terms of some numbers to help you with that question.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. Chris, happy to do that for you. So after running operating income margins of over 50% in Global Forwarding in Q1 and Q2, obviously, we knew that wasn't a sustainable level, and the market would come back to us at some point. The normalization, if you call it that, has surprised us a bit in terms of the speed and magnitude of the correction. And so I think in that process, we found ourselves with cost structure that didn't match the business. And so we are in the process of kind of rightsizing that cost structure. During the pandemic in some of those periods, we were intentionally investing in our business. There was the ability to get the attention of customers to a greater extent. We were improving customer service. We're investing in technology. And the intent all along was to come out of the pandemic in a better place. And we feel like we've done that. But as Q4 demonstrates, when you look at the operating income margin, we've still got a ways to go in rightsizing our cost structure, and Mike and the team have been getting after that.  Headcount is down and will be down further as we enter into the New Year. We do think that a 30% operating income margin for the long term is still the right number. And I mentioned the technology and how the technology can help improve the operating margin on a go-forward basis, but I'll mention a few other things that I think are key to success in that Global Forwarding business, too, and things that the team is encouraged for in terms of continuing to gain market share as we go.  But another one I'd mention is operational uniformity. That's really standardizing a lot of the work and activities that are done there. They have a good start on that, but there are still quite a bit more there that generates efficiency. And the good news is that as they come out of the pandemic here, the customer excellence scores are pretty solid. Team wants to make them better, but they're in pretty good shape from that perspective. Continuing to build scale. So the pipeline for new customers has been solid. They're looking at new verticals. They're looking at new trade lanes. And building that scale will be important to help us leverage the investments that we're putting in on that business to ensure that they've got a good return. I talked about their intentions and actions around managing expenses and headcount. That did get out of line a little bit here in the back half as rates in ocean and air really came back quite dramatically. And then the last thing I'd mention would be talent acquisition. So there's a lot of talent out in the marketplace. The team has done a pretty good job of bringing in folks that can help us extend into new verticals and extend into new trade lanes and geographies. And so continuation of that also gives us confidence that they can continue to grow market share going forward. And that will be the key to success and the key to getting that margin to 30% long term.
Chris Wetherbee: Okay. So the idea is relative to that pre pandemic era. Margins maybe could be double what they were, so there's the ability to absorb some downside shock here or normalization over the course of this year and next year on the net revenue line. I guess that's the way to kind of triangulate to the way you think about profitability of the business.
Mike Zechmeister: I think that's fair.
Operator: The next question is coming from Jordan Alliger of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Jordan Alliger: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit to where you think we are from a spot market perspective for truckload pricing. And sort of based on where you think maybe that bottoming occurs, how are we in terms of contract timing on your non-renegotiated contracts to this point? Thanks. 
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. Jordan, let me take that. So first of all, the demand has really pulled back here. That's pretty clear. And as a result, the spot market has really dried up. There's not a ton of opportunity there. In the prepared comments, we talked about we're sitting at a contract business that the commitments from the customers to be able to deliver the volumes that were inside of those contract agreements are being pressured because of the overall demand. So the business right now, we were 65-35 contract spot. The spot opportunities are not there to a great extent. And so we would expect that, that eventually flattens out here as we go through the year. I'm not sure if you follow the projections that we have in the marketplace around pricing, but we're anticipating a 16% year-over-year decline in truckload spot cost per mile in 2023, most of that coming early in 2023. And then the contract pricing generally follows where the spot market is on a lag basis. And so inside the contract business, maybe I'll take you back to the beginning of 2022. And so as we were entering into new contract business and bidding on contracts that were available, we were looking at the potential in the back half of '22 with COVID shutdowns, the holiday season, Chinese New Year coming that prices would hold up more than they did.  As things played out, there really wasn't a key season. The demand was soft. The prices came down. And so as we were bidding on contracts in Q1 and Q2, we weren't as successful on a win percentage as we probably would have liked to have been. And certainly, we would have been better had we known the drop-off that was coming. So then you kind of get us to real time here, Q4 and into Q1. We're out there in the market on these contracts. We're bidding competitively, and we're feeling pretty good about the win rates. But the demand and the volume there from the customer just isn't strong. So even with our higher win rate from a bid standpoint, the volumes that are materializing are still challenged. We talked about kind of in Q4, the decline in truckload volume that we had seen, and obviously delivered a minus 4% in the quarter. It is not our intention to have negative numbers on our truckload volume. We certainly expect to grow, but it was a soft market. And the good news, I think, for us is as we come into the New Year, we've seen a better performance on the truckload volume side into January here. When you talk about the contracts themselves and what's coming, one of the things that I think over the past few years during the pandemic that we observed was that what was largely a 12-month bid contract had transitioned to contracts that were of lesser duration. And what I can tell you in Q4 is that, that continued in that about half -- roughly half of the contracts that we bid on were 12 months, and the other half were something less than that. So even as the market has come down, that mix has remained in the contracts that are less than 12-month duration. So I covered a few of the parts of your question. Anything that I missed?
Jordan Alliger: No. I appreciate the answer. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from Jon Chappell of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. 
Jon Chappell: Thank you. Good afternoon. Scott, in the answer to an earlier question, you'd mentioned kind of no change in strategic direction, and however, maybe greater sense of urgency and timing. You talked about the annualized savings by the end of '23. But as you've been in this new role, have you found either new opportunities or ways to kind of front-end load some of the cost alignment that you have planned for the year? So therefore, you're kind of timing that more with the macro headwinds or some of the volume headwinds you see and are still cutting in the back half of the year when conceivably things may be getting better?
Scott Anderson: Yes. No, thanks, Jon. There's no doubt, it was a tough back half of the year. And that being said, I do see a palpable excitement about the future here. But in the short term, I think one of the things I'm trying to do with the management team, and I talked about empowering them, was also simplifying the message, aligning focus on customers and leveraging Arun and his team to show customer benefit. And we talked about the amplification of our people's expertise in the field. But we're very focused on expense.  We're focused on headcount. We're focused on really tightly managing this business through the first half of the year. But also, as I've said to the senior leadership team, making no assumptions that the wind will be at our back throughout 2023. I think there's additional opportunity for us to get sort of more precise in how we go to market and find efficiencies throughout the company. I'm really proud of the team. It's never easy to do what happened back in November, but the spirit of the folks in the field and the ability to want to get better, faster, stronger is absolutely here at Robinson.
Mike Zechmeister: And I can add a little color to just on the cost savings front. So we did make some progress against that expense reduction target here in Q4, particularly on the personnel side. And just as a reminder, back to the commitment. So we were taking the run rate of Q3 and annualizing it, and the commitment was that we would get to a net cost reduction of at least $158 million by Q4 of 2023.  And if you look at what we delivered in Q4, you take out the restructuring expense and annualize where we're at, you get to a number that's about $2.27 billion. So the run rate that we were -- if you take the Q3 and the annualized run rate of that, that was about $2.4 billion. So that implies that we've already -- are already at about $130 million savings versus that original commitment. Now you can't read into that too much because in Q4, as I had spoke to earlier, we did have a benefit to our equity compensation that reduced the overall expense in Q4, and we wouldn't expect that to continue into 2023. But the net of that is we have made some decent progress. We are, I think, much better focused going forward on headcount. And that will be a key since that's such a big part of our cost structure as we roll through 2023.
Jon Chappell: Understood. Thanks, Mike, thanks, Scott. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Brian Ossenbeck: Good afternoon. And thanks for taking the question. Maybe just two quick follow-ups then just on the expense reduction. It's obviously announced a little while ago and implemented in the fourth quarter, but it still seems like things maybe got worse a little bit faster than you initially thought in Forwarding. So if you can just clarify if there are additional opportunities on the horizon or you're sort of sticking with the $150 million for the time being and implementing that.  And then just, Mike, I think you mentioned on January a little bit in terms of things stabilized. So I wondered if you could put some numbers behind that in terms of the truckload market, AGP per day volume or anything like that would be helpful as you start the first third of this first quarter? Thank you.
Scott Anderson: Yes, I'll kick off on Global Forwarding and toss it over to Mike. The Global Forwarding team has a history of managing expenses really well through cycles. Obviously, the last 18 to 24 months was very unique. So I'm confident that they're on point. And where they can find expense reduction that makes sense, they're absolutely going to do it. And then maybe Mike can give some color to that.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. So try to make sure I get to each part of your question. So first of all, on the cost savings part, we continue with the commitment to the $150 million net cost reduction by Q4 on a run rate basis annualized. And I'll just point out maybe the obvious there that the inflationary environment that we're in is as high as it's been in 40 years. So the net cost reduction is offsetting our inflation and delivering the savings there, too. But we will stick with that. I will also add that if you did the math on the midpoint of the expense guidance that we just provided, you get to $2.2 billion for the year. And again, the run rate that we're going off of is $2.4 billion. So we're guiding to a midpoint of $2.2 billion, which is $200 million worth of savings. So let me address that for a second. We are committed to the net cost reduction. That is what we would consider to be more permanent cost reduction, more structural in nature. We will likely deliver more savings than just that. But the second part of the savings is more what I would say transitory related to the softness in the market. And as we've talked about, we've got a history of adjusting our cost structure with the market. And because we are seeing some softness there, there is some additional savings that comes along with that. I think another part of your question was about AGP trends. We do give you -- we did give you AGP per business day on an enterprise basis in Q4 where we were down 10% in October, down 7% in November and down 14% in December. That softness has continued into January. But as I mentioned, the truckload volume that we delivered in Q4, we have seen improvements on that going into the New Year.
Brian Ossenbeck: Thanks for all that, Mike. So I guess the difference between the $150 million and the $200 million you guided to you, that would be basically the transitory of the market-based impact. Is that what you call out there?
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. Absolutely.
Operator: We are showing time for one final question. The final question for today is coming from Stephanie Moore of Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Stephanie Moore: Good afternoon. And thank you. I want to touch on with this change in strategic direction, I want to know how this change is being reflected in your capital allocation plans. You called out wanting to deliver on certain leverage targets, but maybe you could just speak to how or it could make sense to maybe adjust your capital allocation plan as you look to kind of change the strategic direction of the company. Thanks. 
Scott Anderson: Yes. Thanks, Stephanie. I'll have Mike start, and then I'll wrap up and maybe talk about our capital allocation committee a little bit as well.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. So from a capital allocation standpoint, I think one of the major differences here is of late has been the amount of free cash flow that we've had really resulting from the working capital dollars coming back to us. And we had been pointing to the idea that when the price and cost of purchased transportation in ocean, air and truckload would come back down off of the record all-time highs that, that $1.5 billion of absorbed working capital that we experienced from the end of 2019 to earlier in '22 would start coming back. And of course, in Q3 and Q4, we saw over $1 billion of that tied up working capital come back to us, and therefore, began to deploy that in alignment with our capital allocation strategy. And so of course, we covered our commitments, our investments, our dividend. And our policy after that is to, as we are managing our leverage to maintain our investment-grade credit rating, any money that's left over after that goes to share repurchase. So you saw our share repurchase pick up quite a bit in Q3 and Q4. And then what we experienced after that was observing those prices coming down across ocean, air and truckload, which informs our forward-looking view on EBITDA and, therefore, informs our forward-looking view on the level of debt we need that we need to maintain the leverage ratio is appropriate to maintaining investment-grade credit rating. And so that's a long way of describing a pullback on share repurchase to make sure that we maintain that targeted leverage. But in terms of the overall capital allocation strategy, while there were some differences in activities as a result of the record free cash flow haven't changed our philosophy at all on how we are planning to deploy our capital going forward.
Scott Anderson: Yes. And Stephanie, I would just add from a Board perspective, we're making our Capital Allocation Committee a permanent committee, and we're also going to be soon adding additional members to that. And I think this is really going to serve as a great partner to the management team in terms of looking at areas that we can drive value across the organization for both customers and shareholders.
Stephanie Moore: Great. Well, appreciate the time. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Ives for closing comments.
Chuck Ives: Thank you, everyone. That concludes today's earnings call. Thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you again. Have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Third Quarter 2022 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, November 2, 2022.
Charles Ives: Good morning, everyone. On the call with me today is Bob Biesterfeld, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Arun Rajan, our Chief Operating Officer; and Mike Zechmeister, our Chief Financial Officer. Bob and Mike will provide a summary of our 2022 3rd quarter results and outline some new cost reduction actions. Arun will provide an update on the innovation and development occurring across our digital platform, and then we will open the call up for questions. Our earnings presentation slides are supplemental to our earnings release and can be found on the Investors section of our website at investor.chrobinson.com. Our prepared comments are not intended to follow the slides. If we do refer to specific information on the slides, we will let you know which slide we’re referencing. I’d also like to remind you that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. Slide 2 in today’s presentation lists factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management’s expectations. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Biesterfeld: Thank you, Chuck, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. On our second quarter earnings call in late July, I talked about a deceleration in demand that we were expecting to see in the second half of 2022 in 3 large verticals for freight, including weakness in the retail market and further slowing in the housing market. We’re now seeing those expectations play out and with slowing freight demand and price declines in both freight forwarding and surface transportation markets. Throughout the changes in the freight cycle, we’ve maintained our focus on continuing to improve the customer and carrier experience while scaling our digital processes and operating model to foster sustainable and profitable growth. Today, we believe that we’re entering a time of slower economic growth, where freight markets will continue to cool from their pandemic peaks and will operate more reliably at more normalized rates with fewer disruptions. These changes in market conditions, coupled with many successful endeavors on our digital road map directed at scaling our model to be more efficient are allowing us to take actions to structurally reduce our overall cost structure. Compared to our third quarter operating expenses, the actions we’re currently taking are expected to generate $175 million of gross cost savings on an annualized basis by the fourth quarter of 2023. Inflation, other headwinds such as annual pay increases and tailwinds such as lower incentive compensation, are expected to result in net cost headwinds of $25 million in 2023 that we expect to partially offset the gross savings resulting in net annualized cost reductions of $150 million by fourth quarter of next year. We also continue to identify opportunities to accelerate our enterprise-wide digital and product strategy To drive greater impact and speed of execution, Arun Rajan has been promoted to the role of Chief Operating Officer. Since joining C.H. Robinson in 2021, Arun has been a critical contributor to and strategic leader of our digital and product strategy. Arun is helping us to think and act differently as we accelerate our pace of digital transformation and scale our operating model. In his new role, in addition to leading the product organization, Arun have expanded direct responsibility for both technology and marketing organizations, bringing these 3 critical functions together under a single vision and leadership structure, will allow us to integrate these functions more deeply into single-threaded teams and to put the needs of our customers and carriers at the center of our organizational design to ensure that we’re positioned well to meet the needs, while accelerating the impacts across the business units of C.H. Robinson. Arun’s teams will work directly with the business unit presidents to operationalize these efforts. Now let me turn to a high-level overview of our third quarter results for North American Surface Transportation and Global Forwarding. In our NAST Truckload business, we grew our year-over-year volume for the sixth quarter in a row, albeit with a modest shipment growth of 0.5%. Volume growth in drop trailer, flatbed and temperature control was partially offset by a decline in our dry van volumes. Within the quarter, we saw mid-single-digit volume increases in July turned to declines in August and September as freight demand weakened. Our adjusted gross profit or AGP per shipment increased 20.5% versus the third quarter of last year, due to a meaningful increase in our contractual Truckload AGP per shipment. On a sequential basis, our Truckload AGP per shipment came down 15% from the record peak we saw in the second quarter, but remains above our historical average. The sequential decline was particularly pronounced in the spot market, where our AGP per shipment declined 25% as we continue to pursue volume in the spot market and collaborated with our customers the spot market as part of their procurement strategy. During the third quarter, we had an approximate mix of 65% contractual volume and 35% transactional volume compared to a 60-40 mix in the same period last year. Routing guide depth of tender in our managed services business, which is a proxy for the overall market, declined from 1.4 in the second quarter to 1.3 in the third quarter, which is the lowest level we’ve seen since the pandemic impacted the second quarter of 2020. Changes in the national drive-in load-to-truck ratio also reflect the softening of the freight environment. While this ratio was between 3 and 4 to 1 for most of the third quarter, it has declined throughout October, with the latest reading of approximately 2.6:1 in week 44. The sequential declines in Truckload line haul cost and price per mile that we saw in first and second quarter continued throughout the third quarter. This resulted in approximately 17% year-over-year decline in our average truckload linehaul costs paid to carriers, excluding fuel. Our average linehaul rate billed to our customers, excluding fuel surcharge, decreased year-over-year by approximately 13%. This resulted in a year-over-year increase in our NAST Truckload AGP per mile of 15.5%. Consistent with historical patterns, we expect to reprice approximately 60% of our contractual Truckload business in the fourth quarter of 2022 and the first quarter of 2023. Encouragingly, our win rate on large contractual bids in the third quarter improved year-over-year as we pursue profitable share gains and respond to a changing market. In our NAST LTL business, we generated quarterly AGP of $161 million in the third quarter, up 23% year-over-year. This was through a 24.5% increase in AGP per order and partially offset by a 1.5% decline in volume. The LTL volume decline was driven by decreases in final mile, temperature controlled and consolidation while our common carrier business, which is the largest component of LTL had flat volumes. In our Global Forwarding business, we’re now seeing the market correction that has been anticipated. High inventories, reduced consumer spending due to rising inflation and a muted peak season have all contributed to reduced import demand which have also led to declining prices for ocean and air freight. For the third quarter, Global Forwarding generated AGP of $248.4 million, representing a year-over-year decrease of 20% versus a record high for a third quarter in 2021. Within these results, our ocean forwarding AGP declined by $55 million or 26% year-over-year. This was driven by a 24% decrease in AGP per shipment and a 2.5% decrease in shipments. This is compared to a 12% volume growth in the third quarter of last year. The slowdown in global ocean demand was most evident on the U.S. West Coast, where rates and volumes declined more than other trade lanes and allowed port congestions to ease. Activity on the U.S. East Coast remains stronger as freight continue to be diverted from West Coast ports and due to relatively stronger demand in the transatlantic trade lane. Improving ocean schedule reliability and the ability for shippers to accept longer transit times has resulted in conversion of some air freight back to the ocean. This combined with the slowdown in global demand has impacted air freight volumes and pricing. Airfreight capacity also continued to improve and drive prices lower in many trade lanes due to increased belly capacity on more frequent commercial flights. AGP in our airfreight business declined $12.5 million or 21% year-over-year, driven by a 16.5% decrease in metric tons shipped and a 5.5% decline in AGP per metric ton shipped. Overall, the forwarding team continues to provide differentiated solutions and customer service, selling aggressively in the market and leading to further additions of new customers and diversification of industry verticals and trade lanes. In the third quarter, for example, 60% of our AGP from new business was generated from trade lanes other than the trans-pacific lane. Additionally, we’ve obtained the status of being the leading ocean freight forwarder from India to the U.S. and from the U.S. to Australia. As shown on Slide 10 of our earnings presentation, expanding our capabilities and presence in key industry verticals, trade lanes and geographies is an important part of our sustainable growth strategy. For the enterprise, we continue to believe that through combining our digital solutions with our global network of logistics experts and our full suite of multimodal services, we are uniquely positioned in the marketplace to deliver for our shippers and carriers regardless of market conditions. We believe our strategy and competitive advantages will enable us to create more value for customers and in turn, win more business, increase our market share and enable sustainable profitable growth. With that, I’ll now turn the call to Arun to walk you through the product innovation and development that’s occurring across our digital platform.
Arun Rajan: Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. I’ll begin by saying that I’m excited to take on an expanded role as the company’s Chief Operating Officer. I look forward to further building the integration between our digital product strategy and our technology and marketing teams to accelerate delivery and adoption of our meaningful products, features and insights to both sides of our 2-sided marketplace. During the third quarter, we continue to deliver enhancements to our Navisphere product platform, while extending the penetration of our digital offerings with both our carriers and our customers. Due to the digital improvements that have been delivered, the number of carriers looking loads, the Navisphere Carrier in Q3 increased 77% compared to the third quarter of last year. Since providing carriers with enhanced capabilities to place digital offers and loads via Navisphere Carrier, which improves the carrier experience and our productivity, we saw a 34% sequential increase in digital offers from Q2 to Q3. Another data point that demonstrates our progress is the execution of 615,000 fully automated bookings with carriers in our NAST Truckload business during Q3, which is an increase of 87% compared to the same quarter last year, and represented $1.2 billion in digital bookings in Q3 alone. Broadly speaking, we’re focused on providing scalable digital solutions that deliver improved customer and carrier experiences and service levels by working backwards from their needs. Much of this is about operationalizing our information advantage at scale through features such as backhaul load recommendations for carriers. On the customer side, it’s about giving customers insights around price and coverage. And one way to do this is to scale our Market Rate IQ and Procure IQ products. Scalable digital processes will enable us to decouple volume and headcount growth and drive increased productivity and we are laser-focused on opportunities to automate or make self-serve processes that are core to our operating model. This includes increasing the digital execution of all the touch points in the life cycle of a load including order management, appointments, in-transit tracking, cash advances and financial and documentation processes. Scaling these processes are foundational to being the lowest cost operator which ultimately gives us the pricing flexibility to accelerate growth and gain market share in the new side of the marketplace that we serve while delivering our long-term operating margin targets. I’ll turn the call over to Mike now to review the specifics of our third quarter financial performance.
Mike Zechmeister: Thanks, Arun, and good morning, everyone. Our Q3 enterprise results reflect truckload volume growth in NAST along with sequential and year-over-year price declines on softening demand in the freight forwarding and surface transportation markets that Bob referenced earlier. Our third quarter total company AGP was up $43 million or 5%, with growth in NAST partially offset by the decline in Global Forwarding. On a sequential basis, total company AGP declined 14% from our record AGP in Q2 with declines in both NAST and Global Forwarding. On a monthly basis compared to 2021, our total company AGP per business day was up 20% in July, down 1% in August and down 2% in September. Q3 personnel expenses were $437.5 million, up 9.4% compared to Q3 last year, primarily due to a 13% increase in average headcount. On a sequential basis, personnel expenses declined $7.2 million due to lower incentive compensation. Our Q3 ending headcount also declined 1% from the end of Q2, which is consistent with our stated expectation of flat to declining headcount in the back half of the year. For the full year, we continue to expect our personnel expenses to be approximately $1.7 billion, which is the high end of our original guidance. This excludes onetime restructuring expenses of -- in Q4 of $15 million to $20 million related to the cost savings initiatives that Bob described. Moving on to SG&A. Q3 expenses of $162 million were up $28.5 million compared to Q3 of last year, driven primarily by increases in legal settlements, purchase services and travel expenses. For 2022, we now expect our total SG&A expenses to be in the high end of our original guidance of $550 million to $600 million, including the $25.3 million gain in Q2 from the sale and leaseback of our Kansas City Regional Center, which is largely offset by nonrecurring legal settlement expenses. We also now expect 2022 full year depreciation and amortization to be $90 million to $95 million, which is down from our previous guidance of approximately $100 million. Interest and other expense totaled $16 million, down $0.7 million versus Q3 last year. Q3 this year included $20.8 million of interest expense, up $7.7 million versus last year, primarily due to higher average debt. The increased interest expense was partially offset by a $5.2 million gain on foreign currency revaluation. In Q3 of last year, FX revaluation was a $3.8 million loss. Our Q3 tax rate came in at 16.9% compared to 16.0% in Q3 last year. Our year-to-date tax rate is 19.2%, and we continue to expect our 2022 full year effective tax rate to be 19% to 21%, assuming no meaningful changes to federal state or international tax policy. Q3 net income was $225.8 million, down 8.6% compared to Q3 last year and we delivered diluted earnings per share of $1.78, down 4% versus last year, but up 78% compared to Q3 of 2020. Turning to cash flow. Q3 cash flow generated by operations was a record $625.5 million compared to $73.5 million used by operations in Q3 of 2021. The $699 million year-over-year improvement was primarily due to a $359 million sequential decrease in net operating working capital in Q3, driven by the declining cost and price of purchased transportation in our model. Conversely, Q3 of last year included a $412 million sequential increase in net operating working capital as costs and prices were rising. From the end of 2019 to Q2 of 2022, our net operating working capital increased by approximately $1.5 billion. As the cost and price of purchased transportation has come down, we have realized the benefit to working capital and operating cash flow on a lag basis based on our DSO and DPO. To the extent that freight prices continue to decline, we would expect a commensurate reduction to working capital. Capital expenditures were $31.3 million in Q3 compared to $22.7 million in Q3 last year. We expect our 2022 capital expenditures to be at the high end of our previous guidance of $110 million to $120 million. Driven by the increased cash flow in Q3, we returned approximately $607 million of cash to shareholders through a combination of $536 million of share repurchases and $71 million of dividends. The Q3 cash return to shareholders significantly exceeded net income and was up 156% versus Q3 last year, driven by the record cash flow. From a capital allocation standpoint, we remain committed to growing our quarterly cash dividend in alignment with long-term EBITDA growth and using our share repurchase program to deploy excess cash. Now on to the balance sheet highlights. We ended Q3 with approximately $1.1 billion of liquidity comprised of $896 million of committed funding under our credit facilities and a cash balance of $188 million. Our debt balance at the end of Q3 was $2.2 billion, up $472 million versus Q3 last year, primarily driven by share repurchases due to our expanded capacity to borrow, given our EBITDA performance. Our net debt-to-EBITDA leverage at the end of Q3 was 1.36x, down from 1.39x at the end of Q3 last year. Finally, as Bob discussed, we are taking actions to reduce our costs by $175 million. When including expected net headwinds of approximately $25 million, driven by inflation and merit increases in 2023, we expect to realize net annualized cost savings of $150 million by the fourth quarter of 2023. This savings is in comparison to the annualized run rate of our operating expenses in the third quarter this year. Related to these actions, we are expecting nonrecurring restructuring charges in the fourth quarter of this year of approximately $15 million to $20 million, which are incremental to our 2022 expense guidance, as I mentioned earlier. These net annualized cost savings are intended to be long-term structural changes. Investments to scale our digital processes, particularly in NAST, enable us to take these actions and adapt to changing market conditions to foster long-term profitable growth for our shareholders. Now I’ll turn the call back over to Bob for his final comments.
Bob Biesterfeld: Thanks, Mike. As inflationary pressures weigh on consumer discretionary spending and global economic growth, we continue to believe that our global suite of services, our growing digital platform, our responsive team and our broad exposure to different industry verticals and geographies, supported by our resilient and flexible non-asset-based business model put us in a position to continue to deliver strong financial results. But we also need to continue evolving our organization to bring focus to our highest strategic priorities, including keeping the needs of our customers and carriers at the center of what we do, while lowering our overall cost structure by driving scale. The work that our team is executing on related to scaling our digital processes and operating model while working backwards from the needs of our customers and carriers is entirely focused on driving improvements in our customer and carrier experience which in turn will drive market share gains and growth. We’re focused on improving productivity, which in turn reduces our long-term operating costs and increased profits, leading to continued strong returns to shareholders. This concludes our prepared comments. And with that, I’ll turn it back to Donna for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] The first question today is coming from Todd Fowler of KeyBanc.
Todd Fowler: Great. Bob, I guess maybe to start, if you can maybe share with us on the cost savings that you’re expecting going into ‘23, maybe some comments around the buckets where you see those savings coming from? How we should think about those across segments? And as you think about kind of this initial stab on the cost side, do you see additional opportunities as you move beyond this? Do you have to wait until you get to the end of these cost savings for some other opportunities? Or can you identify some things as you continue to move forward? So a lot kind of packed in there, but maybe you can share some thoughts on that?
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes, I can start, and I’ll let Mike weigh in a little bit, too, Todd. In general terms, if you think about our cost structure right now, it’s about 75% personnel, 25% SG&A. And so generally, I think about the cost reductions kind of following that same approach. As we look forward, I think there’s really kind of 3 drivers in terms of what’s driving these cost reductions. Obviously, we’re seeing a changing marketplace. We’re seeing supply chains operate more efficiently, more effectively with less disruptions. And so over the course of the past couple of years, we’ve had to really ramp staff in order to deal with many of those exceptions, just it required more human engagement, more human labor. And as supply chain ease, it will allow us and afford us the opportunity to make some difficult personnel decisions there in order to take cost out of the model. Additionally, Arun talked about a lot of work on the digital endeavors to scale the overall model and drive efficiency and the model that too will provide us those opportunities.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. I think that covers it. I think I’d put an additional emphasis just on the digitization efforts. And while 175 worth of cost reduction initiatives, net 150 is important for our model. It’s not where we end. It’s just an articulation of the progress that we’re making and that digitization is really the key for us to continue to drive cost down going forward.
Bob Biesterfeld: And I think, Todd, you asked kind of 5 segments. And I would just state that this will be broad-based, primarily NAST and forwarding related, but there will be cost reductions across the enterprise.
Operator: The next question is coming from Jason Seidl of Cowen.
Jason Seidl: Thank you, operator. Bob and team, good morning. I appreciate you taking my call. We’ve been seeing a lot of talk about spot pricing in the Truckload sector, and there has been some talk about maybe finding a bottom here, if you will, for a bit. Would love to hear some of your thoughts on that. And then maybe if I can squeeze 1 more in. Just thoughts on that 60% of the new business being generated from lanes other than trans-pacific in Global Forwarding. I thought that was rather interesting wondering what’s behind that.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. So I’ll talk a little bit about the cycle and spot more specifically. We often use the TMC routing guide as a proxy for kind of where we see the industry overall in terms of routing guide performance. And obviously, it’s critical to understand how effectively routing guides are holding up in the contract space to kind of get a sense of the unplanned freight that moves into the spot. The TMC routing guide depth of tender was hovering around 1.3. In September, it dropped to 1.24. And so when we look at that from a historical context, from a load acceptance perspective, that’s really reflective of times like 2009, 2019 and the first half of 2020. So I think that kind of helps to paint the picture of the current contract compliance that exists. In terms of where we see the cost market going, in general, as we think about 2023, we think that the cost forecast that we have -- the beginning of the year and the end of the year looking pretty similar. But with the deceleration in spot pricing and truckload pricing in the first half of the year with a slight reacceleration in the back with -- we kind of think that, that floor, the cost floor comes in kind of that April, May time period. And so there is very little unplanned freight in the spot market today. I think we are seeing a number of shippers intentionally use the spot as a mechanism to capture lower cost savings and keeping some freight out of the contract market. As it relates to your second question around forwarding, we’ve -- we’re certainly proud of our leadership position in the transpacific. And we continue to add business in the transpac, but we’ve also been very focused on diversifying the overall global forwarding portfolio. So it’s not to be so reliant upon that. And so you’re seeing strong growth in Europe, in Southeast Asia, Oceania, Australia, LatAm, India as examples. We climbed to the #1 spot as the leading forwarder from India to the U.S. as well as from the U.S. to Australia. So hopefully, that gives you some color.
Jason Seidl: So it was more a concerted effort to diversify yourself as opposed to just where the market was going in general?
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes.
Operator: The next questions comes from Brian Ossenbeck of JP Morgan.
Brian Ossenbeck: So I just want to come back to the conditions in the contract market, Bob, you had a 65-35 split. You had spreads with spot market contract kind of widening out through the quarter but margins came in a little bit weaker than we would have thought or at least that would have historically suggested. Was that the compliance aspect of it that caused some of that weakness? Was it just less spot market volume than we would have thought? I mean it does seem like it declined fairly quickly. And then just a quick clarification, maybe for Mike on that legal settlement. It sounds like that’s in the SG&A guide and offsetting the other charge-offs. I wanted to see if you could expand on that and perhaps where that was located from a segment perspective because that was a fairly large number you just called out.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. So our -- if I go to the Truckload AGP, what we saw in the quarter Brian was continued strength in the AGP per truckload shipment in our contract business. So that was up considerably on a year-on-year basis. So the model is reacting in the contract business as we would expect it to. Our spot business, as we continue to pursue share and grow volume in the spot we’ve had to get really aggressive in that area in order to grow volume. And so you’re seeing a pretty significant drag on the overall AGP per shipment just based on that 35% of the volume that’s in the spot. So our margins in spot, our AGP per truckload shipment today in spot are much lower than they are in the contract space. It’s really the inverse of where we were in the third quarter of last year where the margins in spot were far greater than that of the contracts, and that’s kind of flipped as it sits right now. But net-net, our AGP per truckload is up considerably compared to Q3 of last year and continues to be above the historical average.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. And then, Brian, just to add a little bit of clarity on SG&A. We were up 21% in the quarter, 28% overall, guiding to the high end of our original guidance, including the $25 million gain on sale leaseback of our Kansas City Regional facility, which was in Q2. But we also had called out in your point about nonrecurring legal settlements in the quarter and on the year, largely offsetting that gain from Kansas City. And so just a little more specifically in the quarter on the legal settlements. They represented about 1/3 of that increase in expense in SG&A for Q3.
Brian Ossenbeck: And Mike, which segment, in particular, did that impact? Or was that more on the corporate line item?
Mike Zechmeister: Yes, it’s a corporate line item, but impacting NAST business.
Operator: The next question is coming from Bruce Chan of Stifel.
Bruce Chan: Yes. Thanks, operator, and good morning, everyone. Bob, just going back to your second quarter commentary back in July, you had some pretty cautious outlook comments, especially with regard to Global Forwarding, and it looks like that caution was on point. You had division EBIT down almost 50% sequentially. So I guess, we were a little surprised to see that you were still adding headcount there, up about 100 people quarter-over-quarter. Just -- maybe you can help us to reconcile those 2 things? Why you were adding when the outlook was so conservative?
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. It’s in forwarding admittedly, we likely we got ahead of ourselves in terms of head count. We certainly did not expect that the market was going to come down as rapidly as it did. We were certainly cautious. A lot of the headcount, the way that we preplan our workforce plans groups, we’re hiring in advance of opportunity. And so many of those hires were already in, I’d say, in-flight leading into the quarter, there were offers that had been extended and accepted. And we didn’t feel like it was the right thing from a talent brand perspective to be rescinding offers in that environment. So as we talk about the cost reduction initiatives and kind of that balance between SG&A and personnel that will clearly deliver a drawdown in headcount commensurate with the cost reduction. And as I said before, that will be focused primarily in NAST and Forwarding..
Bruce Chan: Okay. Fair enough. And then just maybe to follow up really quickly. Can you give us an update on how you’re thinking about the portfolio just in terms of strategic alternatives that maybe you consider what businesses you see as core or noncore? And whether you have any kind of processes in place to maybe monetize some of those assets?
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. Bruce, I think it’s really prudent to continually review the business portfolio and to assess the best way to create long-term shareholder value, right? That goes without saying. As you see in our earnings deck on Slide 10, we continue to believe that global growth and continuing to drive share gains through our integrated solution design between forwarding, surface trans, managed services and fresh are part of that sustainable growth strategy. And each of them in its own way, kind of feeds the flywheel of growth overall, particularly across NAST and Forwarding, as we look at instances where we engage customers with both of those services, in comparison to where customers just engage one or the other. We see on a 5-year CAGR, we see over a 450 basis point increase in the 5-year revenue CAGR growth rate of customer revenue when we integrate both services with those customers. So we see greater growth and greater retention. And so again, we continue to review the portfolio. We continue to take the view that we have to do what’s right for the customer and for the company and for the long-term value of our shareholders, but there is nothing to update today specific to the portfolio.
Operator: The next question is coming from Jack Atkins of Stephens.
Jack Atkins: I guess, first, just a quick housekeeping item. Mike, so was the legal settlement in the third quarter about $8 million or $9 million. And just want to make sure, is that a NAST or is that in corporate? So that’s my -- I guess first part. I guess, secondly, when we think about the $150 million in cost savings. Can you help us think about why is that taking 4 quarters to implement? And then I guess, bigger picture, Arun, as you execute on your technology initiatives within your purview. I mean would you expect that number to potentially expand over the course of the next few quarters as you see additional efficiency opportunities?
Mike Zechmeister: Yes, Jack, let me just start off and cover your question about the legal settlements the legal settlements in Q3. The legal settlements were $9.4 million, they impact NAST, the business.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. And Jack, in terms of timing, we’re going to take the appropriate pace to this to ensure that we’re able to not disrupt the business, not disrupt our customer relationships and not put future growth at risk. Arun can talk about the road map and kind of some of the things around operationalizing and we’ve talked about kind of making self-serve automating and eliminating some of those legacy tasks. And so some of this will phase in as those are delivered as well.
Arun Rajan: Yes. Jack. So right now, we have a clear road map to increase productivity in NAST by roughly 15% by the end of 2023, which all ladders up to the $150 million that Bob described. As it relates to additional opportunities. So we’ve -- if you recall, we’ve talked about the life cycle of a load. So starting from order management to appointments in transit tracking and financial documents, et cetera, right? So what we’re focused on as part of this initial unlock, 15% productivity improvement is on in-transit tracking and appointments. Having said that, there are certainly the other opportunities that are starting that are probably earlier in the cycle. We have more confidence in the 15% based on in-transit tracking and appointments. As we gain confidence in other efforts, there is likely more opportunity, but we don’t have line of sight to that just yet.
Operator: The next question is coming from Jordan Alliger of Goldman Sachs.
Jordan Alliger: Maybe just following up a little bit. Can you talk to a little more of the timing of the cost savings as they roll through next year? Or is it evenly spaced? And is there a way to get some sense for what SG&A and personnel expense could look like in 2023 after all these savings? And then finally, I know you don’t give guidance per se, but holistically thinking about this plan and the productivity savings you just mentioned, can that EBIT margin stay north of the 30% level for the total company?
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. Just in terms of the timing on the expense savings initiatives, we obviously want to get after those as quickly as possible. But as Bob said, we’ve got to do it with the right cadence in terms of what we’re delivering on the business, the market conditions, the pace of the digital efforts. We, [away] in our normal course, will come back and give you guidance on many of our expense line items on our Q4 earnings call.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. And in terms of kind of the operating profits of the business, we will continue to work backwards from our stated operating margin targets of 40% for NAST, 30% for Forwarding and mid-30s for the Enterprise. And so we’re using that as a guide as we continue to move forward here and kind of solve for and so that in itself will help to kind of determine the pace in which the cost reductions come.
Operator: The next question is coming from Ken Hoexter of Bank of America.
Ken Hoexter: Great. So Mike, just to clarify because you signed a way we keep getting on this cost, I guess, because it wasn’t as explicit as possible. The $25 million gain last quarter is just partially offset by the $9 million legal sentiment, right? It wasn’t a full up. So I just want to clarify that from your earlier statement. And then I guess looking at the difference, Bob, on the profitability on NAST and in Truckload in specific, was there just inordinate fuel gains last quarter that added to this? I’m trying to figure out why the decline -- sequential decline in these margins. What shifted here to make that? I mean your percentage went down from -- on the spot from 40% to 35%, right? So you went up on the contract. And so you said the contract margins were much, much greater. Just trying to figure out why that margin then overall went down so dramatically? And is it worth then chasing that spot volume business? Is it still contributory?
Mike Zechmeister: Yes, Ken, let me take the first part of your question just to make sure we’re clear on that SG&A. The comments about Q2 and the Kansas City gain were in the context of our annual guidance being at the high end of our -- the original guidance that we gave on SG&A. And so with that, we had onetime legal settlements in Q3, but we also had smaller settlement and we’re really talking about what we believe will happen for the year. So the comment about nonrecurring legal settlements largely offsetting the $25 million gain was really a comment about the year in its entirety, all of 2022, not just what we experienced in Q3, which was a $9.4 million charge for nonrecurring legal settlements. I hope that’s clear.
Ken Hoexter: Yes.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. And as it relates to the contract business, as you know, the contracts are constantly repricing. And so part of the drag on the contract AGP per shipment in third quarter was caused by bids that we repriced in the second quarter and through the third quarter that are resetting at lower AGP per shipment. We’ve seen costs. They came down precipitously if that’s the appropriate word to use in the second quarter, which caused that record spread that we had, the highest AGP per shipment in our history, and so costs have normalized as contracts are repricing, we’re still in a place where we feel very good about kind of the health of the contract portfolio. The spot market business is still contributory in terms of pursuing those share gains and those volume gains. So yes, it’s down from second quarter. We certainly didn’t look at the second quarter as being a sustainable adjusted gross profit per shipment and certainly, we’re not building any plans around that. But to be clear, too, there is no fuel impact to our Truckload business. It’s a straight pass-through. There is headwinds and tailwinds with fuel in our LTL business when fuel is going up, it tends to benefit our LTL business when it comes down, it’s a headwind.
Ken Hoexter: And then just to clarify on the $150 million, Bob, is that a shift in incentive comp pay and commission structure? Or is that just reducing the people, as you mentioned earlier, given the digitization? Just -- I guess sorry for the follow-on.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. It’s going to be -- there’s going to be a component of all of the above to that. We think there’s puts and takes, headwinds, tailwinds in terms of next year, incentive comp will be a tailwind, reduced head count will be an impact. So there’s a -- as I said, kind of at the onset of the call, if you think about 75-25 being the split between personnel expense and SG&A, one way or another, it will likely closely follow that.
Operator: The next question is coming from Bascome Majors of Susquehanna.
Bascome Majors: Just going back to Forwarding, if we look at the sequential trend, gross profit was down $75 million or so from 2Q to 3Q, yet operating costs were up $6 million. Can we drill into that a little more besides that count question earlier? Just how much of this is a lag ability as you respond? And how much of this is a structural cost increase? Because if we look at spot rates, it seems that, that pressure will certainly be more this quarter than last and with the West Coast being all the way back to, call it, 2018 levels, but the cost structure and OpEx and Forwarding being 50% above that this quarter. So any thoughts on that would be really helpful.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes, it’s almost exclusively personnel expense, Bascome.
Bascome Majors: And the ability to control that going forward?
Bob Biesterfeld: There -- as part of this, there is a plan in place to control that moving forward. We continue to believe that 30% operating margins is the appropriate level of profitability for that Forwarding business. And so as we think about how do we solve for that, it’s really -- it’s 3 levels -- 3 levers, right? And I don’t mean to oversimplify it, but it’s -- what are the trends in volume? What are the trends in AGP per shipment? And what are ultimately the personnel expenses needed to support that -- to deliver that operating margin?
Operator: The next question is coming from Chris Wetherbee of Citi.
Chris Wetherbee: Bob, I wanted to ask you about your sort of philosophy on volume growth. I think there’s been push to continue to try to gain share through fluctuations in the market in NAST. And it sounds like this quarter, that was challenging from a spot perspective. So I wanted to get a sense of maybe how you think about it. Volume growth was pretty close to breakeven in NAST. Is it something that you think you can do? Does it make sense to do in these types of markets where you might end up seeing sort of an impact on profitability as a result? I just want to get your sense on how you’re thinking about that.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. I think in general, as we’ve talked about before, Chris, we believe that volume growth through the cycle is an important component of the health of the overall business, right? And yet the play that we run, so to speak, is different depending on the market conditions. Arun and his team have a lot of work in place to really take a systematic approach to maximizing the yield and determining the appropriate level of volume and which corridors and under what terms we should be accepting freight. But in general, I mean, as I look at 2023 and what we expect the marketplace to look like, if we’re going to grow volume in 2023, which we expect to do, it will likely come, I won’t say exclusively, but it will likely come through the contract market. And so we’ll reprice around 60% of our Truckload business between the fourth quarter and the first quarter. And we know that in order to drive growth there, we’re going to have to be aggressive in those Truckload pricing events. And so that’s -- I don’t know if that directly hits on your question, Chris, but if not, I can certainly build on that.
Chris Wetherbee: It does. It’s helpful. I guess, that sort of gets to the point that you mentioned on the approach to contract pricing. Anything you can share with sort of where the market is today relative to how you might think about that, what type of aggressive actions you might need to take to be able to get share in that piece of the market?
Bob Biesterfeld: We feel as though that we’ve really improved our pricing science, our pricing methodology and our approach to response to these bids, and we see some clear demand signals in areas of short haul and drop trailer that we’re aggressively responding to. But in general, I mean, we -- what we’re seeing, and I won’t speak to how -- where necessarily we see the market going. But what I would say is what we’re seeing in early renewals in this quarter is that the AGP per truckload shipment is coming in at levels below where our contract freight has been through the last couple of quarters. And so again, in order to drive growth in NAST in 2023, it’s going to have to be fueled by volume growth primarily.
Operator: The next question is coming from Scott Group of Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: Mike, just a few follow-ups for you. Any color on the $10 million of losses at corporate just seems higher than normal -- and then if we’re doing our math right, is SG&A, does that go higher Q4 versus Q3? And then I just want to clarify, the $150 million of savings, are you including -- are you basing off the reported 3Q, so including that $35 million, $40 million of annualized legal? Or are you excluding the legal settlements when you talk about the savings versus Q3?
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. So first, I’ll kind of go backwards. So first of all, the annual run rate is just as reported. So not including the legal settlement. The SG&A, we guided to the high end. And so yes, I guess, if you take the very high end of our guidance of $600 million, and look at our year-to-date, you’d be seeing 172, 173-ish kind of number would be the Q4 plug to get to the high end, which is higher than what we had in Q3 of 162-ish. And then back to your first question, I think you were asking about in our all other and corporate results, our income from operations, which was a $10 million loss compared to what would have been a $3.4 million loss a year ago, and that’s driven by unallocated expenses that we hold at the corporate level and think about that as primarily our investments in growth in the product organization. In terms of the other business units, like Robinson Fresh, Managed Services and EST, which are included also in that group, those are generating income positively and up versus Q3 last year.
Scott Group: Okay. And then maybe just, Bob, real quick. The price versus cost spread still positive, 4 points in Q3. Do you think that stays positive into Q4?
Bob Biesterfeld: Sorry, can you repeat that? You cut out a little bit. Can you repeat that?
Scott Group: Yes. Sorry about that. So the truckload price cost spread down 13, down 17 was still positive in your favor. Do you think that stays positive in Q4?
Bob Biesterfeld: From where I sit right now, I would believe that to stay positive in Q4.
Operator: The next question is coming from Jon Chappell of Evercore ISI.
Jon Chappell: I think we’ve covered a lot, Bob, about the ever-evolving market here. It’s changing awfully quickly. I was wondering if you can provide some perspective on this cycle versus prior cycles, most especially how are some of your competitors acting? If you’re going after volume aggressively maybe at the expense of yield, are others doing the same? Is it more discipline this time? Does it offer you a better opportunity for Robinson specific market share growth versus prior cycles? Just any context to this upcoming maybe 12 months versus ‘19 and ‘16.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. So as I think about these cycles, I mean each one is -- has its own unique characteristics. But typically, we see that the up cycle last 7 quarters or so, followed by a similar duration in the down cycle. And so as we think about the next few quarters, we’re expecting downward pressure and contractual pricing. In terms of behavior of competitors, I don’t think that our strategy is unique to Robinson to say, if we want to grow share next year, it’s going to come through the contract market. And so I would expect to see aggressive competition, aggressive pricing in the market because that’s ultimately -- in normal circumstances, 85% of truckload freight roughly operates in the contract market, companies will be aggressive to gain their share in that space.
Jon Chappell: Would it be fair to say the high highs of this cycle could potentially translate to possibly a higher floor? Or does it just make the volatility more extreme?
Bob Biesterfeld: It’s hard for me to forecast that from where we sit right now. I think we believe that the cost floor is higher than where it has been in the past. So if you take that then potentially, it means higher lows, if you will. And I think what we’re seeing from customers today is in pricing, they’re tending to move back towards 2-month duration of their bids. So not seeing as many, many bids or short-term bids and the sub some more normal pricing circumstances. Customer objectives in pricing is, there’s been obviously a lot of disruption to service and cost and networks over the course of the past couple of years. And so working with shippers to try to get back to the quality expectations that they had pre pandemic, in some cases, back to the pricing expectations that they had pre-pandemic and also helping shippers to kind of reevaluate their network and their network footprint to optimize their overall costs.
Operator: The next question is coming from Amit Mehrotra of Deutsche Bank.
Amit Mehrotra: I just -- Mike, I just had a question, first one, I guess, on the cost savings plan. So I really appreciate the delineation between growth in net cost savings. But just trying to understand how much of that $150 million net is actually realized in ‘23 versus kind of run rating? And then just maybe a bigger picture question for Bob. So Bob, you said Arun has help the organization think and act differently. And I wanted you to expand on that a little bit. And really, what is the appointment of Arun as COO accelerate? And what’s kind of the [indiscernible] financial implications? I don’t know if you think about it that way, but that would be helpful. I’m just trying to sniff out if there’s a real change going on because you have -- the company has a great market position. It’s a high-return business. So I’m just trying to see if there’s a real inflection with this leadership change at the COO level that we should anticipate as a result of the appointment?
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. Just on the first question there, Amit, the run rate or how much of it drops to the bottom line in 2023. That will be guidance that we provide when we come back on our Q4 earnings call, we -- as we customarily do, we’ll provide you guidance for the year on personnel and SG&A that will help you understand how that drops in comparison to the headwinds on inflation and merit increase investments and all the rest.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. And related to Arun’s role in his promotion, I guess what I would say from where I said is Arun is a seasoned executive, and he’s got experience in many facets of executive leadership that extend beyond just product and technology. And while he’s highly skilled and technical, he’s also, from a leadership perspective, really a transformational leader that elevates the performance of people and teams around him. Expanding his scope at Robinson is going to help us to bring together teams that are critical to advancing our progress in digital which in turn is going to fuel growth and improve efficiency, allow us to compete to win as our industry, right? Our industry continues to evolve and change at a rapid pace. And we’re really thinking about where is this industry going to be 3 years from now, 5 years from now? As I think you know my technical knowledge is deep in the supply chain space and his is deep in the world of digital-first companies and building scalable platforms and collectively, we complement each other’s skill sets and we work collectively with each of the business units to achieve our long-term growth goals. The work up to this point has been exclusively focused within the NAST organization, and this allows us a platform to bring together those critical components and work across the enterprise.
Amit Mehrotra: Yes. So that’s fine. But the question I have, though, is like does that translate to like greater drop-through of net revenue as net revenue grows, greater market share gains? I mean like that’s the real question and how quickly can kind of this acceleration or change in leadership at the operational level kind of help realize that opportunity?
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. I would say 100% of the efforts today are focused on scaling procurement, scaling customer demand and operationalizing those internal changes and improving the yield in the overall marketplace. So creating that 2-sided marketplace that can have the appropriate liquidity, the appropriate cost structure to deal with lower AGP potentially in the future on a per transaction basis than what we experienced today. And so all efforts are focused on growth in customer and carrier acquisition, retention and growth. And then completely focused on the digital transformation, which, in turn, drives the lowest operating cost structure in the industry, which we believe we can achieve through these efforts, which in turn enhances profitability.
Operator: Unfortunately, that brings us to the end of the time we have for the Q&A session. I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Ives for closing comments.
Charles Ives: Thank you. Yes, that concludes today’s earnings call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you again. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation and interest in C.H. Robinson. You may disconnect your lines. I’ll log off the webcast at this time, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Second Quarter 2022 Conference Call.  As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, July 27, 2022. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chuck Ives, Director of Investor Relations.
Chuck Ives: Thank you, Donna, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today is Bob Biesterfeld, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Arun Rajan, our Chief Product Officer; and Mike Zechmeister, our Chief Financial Officer. Bob and Mike will provide a summary of our 2022 second quarter results and Arun will provide an update on the innovation and development occurring across our platform, and then we will open the call up for questions. Our earnings presentation slides are supplemental to our earnings release and can be found on the Investors section of our website at investor.chrobinson.com. Our prepared comments are not intended to follow the slides. If we do refer to specific information on the slides, we will let you know which slide we're referencing. I'd also like to remind you that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. Slide 2 in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management's expectations. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Biesterfeld: Thank you, Chuck. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Our second quarter was another quarter of record profits as our business model performed as we would expect it to in this part of the cycle. Our investments in our customer relationships through the early part of the cycle, while the cost of purchased transportation was rapidly increasing, are paying dividends as we retain and gain share with these customers through the terms of our agreements. Our strong results were again driven by significant operating margin expansion in our North American Surface Transportation or NAST business as we further improve the profitability of our truckload and less than truckload businesses and grew truckload volume in a declining market. Our Global Forwarding team continued to deliver strong financial results while benefiting from the market share that they've gained over the past couple of years. Additionally, our Robinson Fresh, Managed Services and European Surface Transportation businesses all increased their adjusted gross profit on a year-over-year basis. Now, let me turn to a high-level overview of our NAST and Global Forwarding results. Our NAST adjusted operating margin in Q2 was 44.3%, up 970 basis points year-over-year and 830 basis points sequentially due to improved profitability in both truckload and LTL. In our NAST truckload business, our volume grew 2% year-over-year compared to the cash freight index that reflected a 2% decline in shipments. Our adjusted gross profit, or AGP per shipment increased 48% versus Q2 last year and 26% sequentially as the cost of purchase transportation declined during the quarter and the percent of truckload shipments with a negative margin returned to historical levels. Our truckload volume growth included increases in dry van, flatbed and temp control services. And throughout the quarter, we pursued volume in the spot market and collaborated with our customers to use the spot market as part of their procurement strategy. This included a 21% increase in volume that was driven through our real-time proprietary dynamic pricing engine. During the second quarter, we had an approximate mix of 60% contractual volume and 40% transactional volume compared to a 55-45 mix in the same period last year. Routing guide depth of tender in our managed services business, which is a proxy for the overall market, declined to 1.4% in the second quarter from 1.7% in the first quarter. Broadly speaking, route guides are performing well, as first tender acceptance rates are near prepandemic levels, and the first backup provider is accepting rejected tenders most of the time. Since the exceptional market tension in January caused by COVID-related absenteeism and winter storms, the truckload market has seen greater balance return to the spot market. With the exception of Roadcheck Week, where many drivers seemingly temporarily leave the market, the national dry van load-to-truck ratio hovered around 4:1 throughout the second quarter. Between 3:1 and 4:1 for dry van is considered a reasonably balanced market versus the ratio closer to 5.75:1 that we saw in the extraordinarily tight year of 2021. The sequential declines in truckload linehaul cost and price per mile that we saw in February and March continued throughout the second quarter. This resulted in approximately 5% year-over-year decline in our average truckload linehaul costs paid to carriers, excluding fuel surcharges. And although pricing declined sequentially in Q2, our average linehaul rate billed to our customers, excluding fuel surcharges, increased year-over-year by approximately 1.5%, which was supported by our contractual truckload portfolio that was negotiated in prior quarters. This resulted in a year-over-year increase in our NAST truckload AGP per mile of 46.5%. Slide 7 of our earnings presentation shows the historical trend of our truckload AGP dollars per shipment. The past three years have been volatile ones in the freight market and our truckload AGP per shipment reached a new low and a new high within the past eight quarters. Putting this quarterly volatility aside, though, our average AGP per shipment on a trailing 2-year, 5-year and 10-year view continues to remain relatively constant, which demonstrates the resiliency of our business model and our ability to obtain adjusted gross profit through cycles. Through it all, we worked tirelessly to help our customers optimize their freight networks and their costs. Carriers improve their equipment utilization and to provide strong returns to our shareholders. As we prepare for the second half of the year, we expect the truckload cost per mile will decline further, both sequentially and year-over-year due to demand deceleration in the three biggest verticals for freight. Weakness in the retail market is expected to persist, further slowing in the housing market as expected, and there are early signs of deceleration in the industrial or manufacturing space, although this vertical is holding up the best on a relative basis. Our truckload contracts continue to trend towards 12-month durations, and we are proactively repricing some contracts in order to remain competitive in a changing market and to grow our wallet share with customers. Although we're the largest provider of truckload capacity in North America, we only account for approximately 3% of the for hire market, which leaves us with significant market share opportunities to fuel our growth. In our NAST LTL business, we again generated record quarterly AGP of $166.9 million in second quarter or up 30% year-over-year through a 37% increase in AGP per order that was partially offset by a 5% decline in volume. As was the case in the last few quarters, the second quarter decrease in LTL volume was mainly driven by a normalization of business levels as our LTL volumes in the second quarter of 2021 were bolstered by a few large customers that benefited from the stay-at-home trend during COVID, which contributed to 23% LTL volume growth in the comparable quarter last year. In our Global Forwarding business, the team continues to provide solutions and excellent customer service in a market that's becoming more balanced. In this quarter, Global Forwarding generated another quarterly AGP record of $324.4 million, representing year-over-year AGP growth of 36%. Operating income also grew by $59 million or 55%. Against increasingly tougher comparables, Q2 marks the ninth consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth in total revenues, AGP and operating income for our global forting business. Within these results, our ocean forwarding business generated Q2 AGP growth of $77 million or 51% year-over-year. This was driven by a 47.5% increase in adjusted gross profit per shipment and a 2.5% increase in shipments, which was on top of a 29% volume growth in the second quarter of last year. Global ocean demand is becoming more in line with the industry's overall capacity, and ocean rates while still elevated, have started to come down. China ports appear to be back to normal operations. And while port congestion on the U.S. West Coast improved in the second quarter, congestion is edging back up again. Congestion on the East Coast has risen due to a higher percentage of freight being routed to their ports as shippers attempted to mitigate risk from a potential labor dispute in the West Coast. With limited new vessel deliveries in 2022, we expect ocean rates will remain elevated compared to historical levels, but may taper a bit more in the second half of the year. Finally, our international airfreight business delivered AGP growth of $4 million or 7.5% year-over-year, driven by a 14% increase in AGP per metric ton shipped, which was partially offset by a 6% decrease in metric tons shipped. Airfreight capacity has improved in certain trade lanes due to increased belly capacity and we're seeing some conversion of air freight back to the ocean. Overall, the Forwarding team has a great foundation to continue providing excellent service to our customers and to collaborate with them to leverage our flexible solutions for their shipping needs. Our win rates in our forwarding business are strong, and we continue to implement our pipeline of new customer business. For the enterprise, we continue to believe that through combining our digital products with our global network of logistics experts and our full suite of multimodal services, along with our information advantage from our scale and data, we are uniquely positioned in the marketplace to deliver for our shippers and our carriers, regardless of the market conditions. We believe that our strategies and competitive advantages will enable us to create more value for customers and, in turn, win more business and increase our market share while delivering higher profitability and shareholder returns. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Arun to walk you through the product innovation and development that's occurring across our platform.
Arun Rajan: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. As I said before, the role of our products is to relentlessly address customer and carrier needs, and we continue to make good progress on both fronts. During the quarter, we continue to deliver enhancements to our Navisphere product platform while expanding the penetration of our digital offerings with both our carriers and our customers. Our work is improving both the customer and carrier experience with Robinson as evidenced by the results outlined on Slide 12 in our earnings presentation. I won't touch on each of these data points in my prepared comments, but I'll highlight a few that are extremely relevant and show progress and the benefits of our digital investments. In the second quarter, we executed nearly 600,000 fully automated bookings in our NAST truckload business, an increase of 107% compared to the same quarter last year. This represents $1.1 billion in revenue flowing through this digital channel. Because of the digital improvements that have been delivered, we've increased the number of carriers looking loads to our digital channels by 96% year-over-year. On the customer side of our marketplace, through further integrating and scaling a real-time dynamic pricing engine, we priced 71% of our spot truckload volume through this digital tool, resulting in $597 million of truckload business. Extending this capability allows us to be more responsive to changes in the market, better meet the needs of our customers while also creating additional stickiness in our customer relationships. More broadly, we're focused on designing and delivering scalable digital solutions for growth, such as the progress I just described by transforming our processes, accelerating the pace of development and prioritizing data integrity. The four main pillars of this effort are scaling capacity and procurement, scaling demand generation, scaling quality customer outcomes and scaling our marketplace dynamics as outlined on Slide 11 of our earnings presentation. These four pillars are focused on improving both the customer and carrier experience by working backwards from their needs and increasing the digital execution of all touch points in the life cycle of the load, including order management, appointments, carrier offers and looking, in-transit tracking and financial and documentation processes. As we do this, we will continue to fly the appropriate rigor to direct our test and investments towards products, features and insights that increase the rate at which we acquire, retain and grow share of customers and carriers, which in turn serve as the primary inputs to power our future growth in the two-sided marketplace that we serve. I'll now turn the call to Mike to review the specifics of our second quarter financial performance.
Mike Zechmeister: Thanks, Arun, and good afternoon, everyone. In Q2, we continued to leverage the strength of our non-asset-based business model to deliver another record quarter of financial results. Our second quarter total company adjusted gross profit or AGP, was up 38%, reaching a record high of $1 billion with growth in each of our segments and services. On a sequential basis, AGP was up 14% and also grew in each business segment. On a monthly basis, compared to 2021, our total company AGP per business day was up 43% in April, up 39% in May and up 31% in June. After seven consecutive quarters of increasing price and cost per mile in our North American truckload business, both declined sequentially in Q2, with costs declining faster than price due to a softer demand environment and capacity that has grown over the past 12 months. The linehaul cost and price per mile, which excludes fuel surcharges, declined sequentially in each month of Q2. As the cost of purchase transportation declined, our contractual truckload AGP per shipment improved and our NAST team managed our load acceptance rates to optimize our truckload AGP and look to the spot market to find additional volume opportunities. Q2 marked the seventh consecutive quarter of flat to increasing truckload AGP per mile. Truckload AGP per shipment improved 26% sequentially and by 48% compared to Q2 of 2021. Now turning to expenses. Q2 personnel expenses were $444.8 million, up 22.6% compared to Q2 last year, primarily due to increased headcount as we support growth and transformation opportunities across our business. We also incurred higher incentive compensation due to an increase in our projected annual financial results. For the full year, we now expect our personnel expenses to be at the high end of our previous guidance of approximately $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion due to the higher expected incentive compensation. As we discussed in our last earnings call, we expect headcount additions to be weighted more towards the front half of 2022. For the remainder of the year, we expect our headcount to be flat to down. If growth opportunities or economic conditions play out differently than we expect, we'll adjust accordingly. Moving on to SG&A. Q2 expenses of $117.2 million, were down $8.5 million compared to Q2 of 2021, excluding the $25.3 million gain from the sale and leaseback of our Kansas City Regional Center, Q2 SG&A was up 13.4%, driven by year-over-year increases in purchased services and travel expenses. For 2022, we continue to expect total SG&A expenses to be $550 million to $600 million, excluding the gain from the sale and leaseback of our Kansas City Regional Center. We also continue to expect $100 million of depreciation and amortization in 2022. Q2 interest and other expense totaled $27.4 million, up approximately $13.9 million versus Q2 last year, primarily due to a $10.3 million loss on foreign currency revaluation due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar primarily versus the Euro and Yuan. This FX loss was $8.4 million higher than the $1.9 million loss in Q2 of last year. Interest expense increased $4.3 million due to a higher average debt balance, but with lower net debt-to-EBITDA leverage. Our Q2 tax rate came in at 21.3% compared to 21.6% in Q2 last year, which brings our year-to-date tax rate to 20.0%. We continue to expect our 2022 full year effective tax rate to be 19% to 21%, assuming no meaningful changes to state federal or international tax policy. Q2 net income was $348.2 million, up 80% compared to Q2 last year, and we delivered record quarterly diluted earnings per share of $2.67, up 85% year-over-year. As a reminder, our Q2 net income included the $25.3 million gain from the sale and leaseback of our Kansas City Regional Center and a $10.3 million loss on foreign currency revaluation. Turning to cash flow. Q2 cash flow generated by operations was approximately $265 million compared to $149 million in Q2 of 2021. The $116 million year-over-year improvement was primarily due to the $154 million increase in net income. Over the past 2.5 years, our net operating working capital increased by approximately $1.5 billion driven by the increasing cost of purchase transportation. This reduced our operating cash flow by the same amount over that time. If the cost and price of purchased transportation come down, we expect a commensurate benefit to working capital and operating cash flow. In Q2, our accounts receivable and contract assets were down 1.5% sequentially and our days sales outstanding, or DSO, was flat sequentially. Capital expenditures were $43.2 million in Q2 compared to $16.3 million in Q2 last year. We are raising our 2022 capital expenditure guidance from $90 million to $100 million to $110 million to $120 million, primarily due to higher level of internally developed software, which is tied to higher future returns. We returned approximately $409 million of cash to shareholders in Q2 through a combination of $337 million of share repurchases and $72 million of dividends. That level of cash to shareholders equates to approximately 118% of our Q2 net income and was up 100% versus Q2 last year. Over the long term, we remain committed to growing our quarterly cash dividend in alignment with long-term EBITDA growth and in using our opportunistic share repurchase program to deploy excess cash. Now on to the balance sheet highlights. We ended Q2 with approximately $1.1 billion of liquidity comprised of $826 million of committed funding under our credit facilities and a $239 million cash balance. Our debt balance at the end of the quarter was $2.27 billion, up $901 million versus Q2 last year, primarily driven by increased working capital and share repurchases. Our net debt-to-EBITDA leverage at the end of Q2 was 1.35x, down from 1.49x at the end of Q1 due primarily to increased EBITDA. Let me take a moment to comment on our return on invested capital, or ROIC, which is an important metric for many investors. With our asset-light business model, we operate with a relatively low capital base which naturally enhances ROIC relative to other asset-based logistics providers. In fact, 88% of our operating asset base is comprised of accounts receivable and noncash intangible assets with AR representing 67%. As a result, all else equal, ROIC for Robinson is impacted more by changes in receivables driven by changes in the price of purchased transportation than from proportionate changes in our capital expenditures. In Q2, we delivered our highest ROIC in a decade at 32.1%, up 890 basis points from Q2 last year despite the contribution of a historically higher receivables balance to our operating asset base. Going forward, if the price of purchase transportation continues to fall than receivables, which represent 2/3 of our operating asset base will follow and represent a tailwind to ROIC, all else equal. By driving scalability into our model with focus on the four main pillars that Arun talked about, we expect to generate growth and efficiencies that support long-term growth in our total shareholder return. Thank you for listening. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Bob for his final comments.
Bob Biesterfeld: Thanks, Mike. So as questions linger about global economic growth, inflationary pressures and consumer discretionary spending, our global suite of multimodal services, our growing digital platform, a responsive team of logistics experts, our broad exposure to different industry verticals and geographies and our resilient and flexible non-asset-based business model put us in a position to continue delivering strong financial results. While we're pleased with our performance this quarter and the fact that both NAST and Global Forwarding delivered operating margins above our publicly stated targets, we know that we have work to do to consistently deliver at these targeted levels. The work that the teams are executing that Arun referenced, related to scaling our model, eliminating internal legacy processes and improving quality while working backwards from the needs of our customers and carriers will drive continued improvement in operating profits long term. As this work is focused on growth, customer satisfaction and productivity improvements, which will in turn reduce our cost to serve our customers. As we look to the second half of the year, we are watching economic conditions closely, and the management team and the Board continue to consider all strategies to grow operating profits and maximize long-term shareholder returns through all phases of the business cycle and various economic scenarios. This concludes our prepared comments. And with that, I'll turn it back to Donna for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator:  The first question today is coming from Todd Fowler of KeyBanc.
Todd Fowler: Congratulations on the results. Bob, I guess maybe to start, if we take a look at Slide 7 where you've got the truckload AGP. And it's certainly helpful to see, obviously, the profit per load versus the percentage. But can you talk to your thoughts around the sustainability. The profit per load is obviously at a very elevated level versus the last 10 years would you expect it to be able to remain at this level with some of the dynamics in the marketplace? Or how do you think about kind of the sustainability of the profit that you're seeing right now?
Bob Biesterfeld: Sure. Thanks, Todd. Thanks for kicking us off. Maybe I'll paint the picture of how we've seen this play out in the past and then try to tie it into where we are today. After -- I think Mike said seven consecutive quarters of year-over-year rising cost of purchased transportation in our truckload business, we finally saw that moderate and turn negative this quarter on a year-over-year basis. And while we can't be certain about the economy looking forward over the past couple of cycles, what we saw was on that year-over-year basis, costs typically declined year-over-year for around seven quarters after that inversion quarter from going kind of positive to negative. And then I look at Q3 '15 and Q1 of '17, kind of as those two points on Slide 7, and then again, from Q4 '18 through Q4 -- Q2 of '20. So no way to be sure that that's how it's going to play out this time but probably worth noting of how it's played out in the past. So AGP per load during the second quarter point was at the highest point it's been in the past decade. And we're certainly not considering this to be the new normal as we think about our long-term planning and believe that eventually it will revert to the mean. I think the question that we have is just how long will it take to do that. So we're certainly not building our strategy, our long-term cost structures around maintaining the level of earnings per load that we experienced in the second quarter over the long term. Now with that as a backdrop, I think encouragingly, we continue to make progress on our digital initiatives and more and more of our transactions, as you heard Arun say, are now flowing through more fully automated and frictionless processes. And so while the market will undoubtedly shift from this point over time, we've got a clear view on what it's going to take to deliver against that 40% operating margin target through the cycle, both in terms of the components of volume, AGP per transaction and just our overall cost structure. So as we continue to digitize more of that work we see a clear path to lower our operating costs on a per transaction basis. As I said in my prepared comments, if you look through the volatility of each of these quarters going back to 2013, that average AGP per shipment is virtually unchanged on a 2-year look back, a 5-year look back or a 10-year look back.
Todd Fowler: Yes. No, I got that in the comments. So that makes sense, and it sounds like that from your view, we're still relatively early in kind of the cycle with what we typically have seen.
Bob Biesterfeld: The next question is coming from Jason Seidl of Cowen.
Jason Seidl: Bob and team, congrats on a good quarter. I wanted to talk a little bit on the pricing side. I think you guys said that pricing ex fuel was up on the contractual side, about 1.5%. But you also made some comments that you were proactively repricing some business. Can you talk to the instances where you took the proactive stance to reprice that business and just how much that might have come down from prior pricing trends? And where do you think that should set up for in 3Q?
Bob Biesterfeld: Sure. so just to clarify on the data point, the 1.5% was the overall book of business, not just the contracts. So I just want to make sure that everyone is clear on that. Largely, if I think about the contract kind of the contract side of our business and the repricing, we continue to see most of our business that we've repriced in the first half of this year, renew on 12-month terms. And just as we saw kind of in the upward trajectory of the market over the past six or seven quarters, there was constant repricing there. And we expect to see that now, not broad-based, but us proactively going back and having conversations with customers aggressively and intentionally using the spot market as a strategy to help customers access lower cost of purchased transportation outside the course of their contractual agreements, that drives volume for us, and savings and opportunities for the customers. Within the contract book of business, our win rates for the quarter were strong. We define our win rates as kind of the percentage of freight that we bid on that ultimately we were awarded. And that increased by 110 basis points in the second quarter of '22 compared to the second quarter of '21 and was right in line or ahead of kind of our long-term average win rates. And as I said, most of these are coming at 12-month terms. I would say the market, at least our customer relationships, I'd say people are mostly acting rationally as it relates to these contracts. We're not seeing shippers largely come out and rip up bids or awards or go back and repricing activities. So we feel good about the state of the contract business as well as our ability to use the spot as an intentional strategy with our customers to continue to drive volume.
Operator: The next question is coming from Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan.
Brian Ossenbeck: So I wanted to ask more about the automated bookings as substantially again on a sequential basis. How much further room to run do you have on that metric alone? And maybe you can talk more broadly about how that integration of more technology, more automation is impacting employee productivity? Is there any pushback on the receptivity of it? And then if you can just tie in some comments about digital competition, digital natives overall as some of them have been paring back headcount. Wondering if you're seeing anything in the markets from that side as well.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes, you bet. I'll use the technical term that Arun and I will ham and egg the answer to this one, and I'll kick it off. I mean on the carrier bookings side, we had about $1.1 billion in freight that was booked through the digital channels. If you think about the question of how much of your freight is that, I think we were right around $4 billion in truckload freight in NAST for the quarter. Check me on that, Chuck, right. And so about 25% of the revenue running through that fully digital channel, and that will give you a perspective of the $600 million on the customer side as well. From a productivity perspective, even with the additional headcount that we've added and to NAST over the past several quarters. If I use -- I'll use 2018 or 2019 because the head count was virtually flat is kind of the pre-pandemic comparison, our shipments per person per day in NAST are up about 16% in total. And obviously, the technology investments have a lot to do with that. One point that I'd add to that, though, and I think an area where we could be -- could have been more effective in communicating with our investors and the analyst is that over that time period, our headcount has started to include more and more employees that work in our consolidation and warehouse facilities post the acquisition of Prime. So knowing that those warehouse employees are never going to really contribute to the productivity focus of our truckload marketplace. If you net out the increase in those warehouse employees, our headcount in NAST is actually down about 2% in terms of the employee base that really focuses on the customer and carrier marketplace compared to 2019. And so the productivity index there, the shipments per person per day were actually up about 1%, and in total over that time period. As it relates to kind of the digital natives, we're not seeing anything necessarily drastically different in terms of how the marketplace is acting right now. I think there's less focus of growth at all costs, I guess, I would say, in this industry and many others. And so rational pricing environment and an environment where industry participants with scale are pricing the market rationally, we think is a good thing for Robinson. I maybe open it to Arun to see if there's anything you'd add.
Arun Rajan: Yes. I think the only thing I'd add is that there's definitely more room to run. I look at digital bookings as sort of the first step, and that was sort of the first proof point of how we can move the needle. But if you look at digital execution of every step in the life cycle of the load, order management, appointments, carrier offers and booking, which we've made progress on, but in transit tracking financial and documentation processes. So then just looking at the entire life cycle of the load, while we made progress on the productivity front, as Bob pointed out, there's still a lot more opportunity for us to drive up digital execution and all the steps.
Brian Ossenbeck: Arun, could you phrase that maybe use a baseball analogy, what inning we're in? How far you can get to 25%, anything else just to give us some additional context of where you are versus where you expect to be in several years' time?
Arun Rajan: I'd say, I mean, if you look at 25% on the booking side, I think we have more room to run on -- I won't come up with a percentage. But I'd say there's no reason that we shouldn't aspire to double that percentage. And in terms of some of the other steps in the process, I'm not ready to make a hard commitment there. But there's certainly opportunity. Let's think of it as like there's a digital versus manual ratio that we look at for each of the other steps. I'd say we're in the early innings on those.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. And I would say, too, just some of our conversations in terms of our prioritization of work. While digital bookings is probably the metric that people talk about the most as being kind of the leading edge of digital transformation. We actually believe the highest leverage points are not the actual booking and much more so some of the operational tasks that Arun spoke to because that's really where a lot of our people's time ends up being spent. And the more we can move those towards digital on the back end of a digital demand signal from a customer or before digital booking with a carrier. That's where the real productivity lift and ultimately, our ability to drive down the cost of an incremental transaction really happens.
Operator: The next question is coming from Ken Hoexter of Bank of America.
Ken Hoexter: I thought that was a great answer. Thanks on the digital side, and congrats on a great quarter. Just a bit intrigued Bob, on your market comments. Other carriers seem to suggest they're not feeling in yet. Yet most obvious, you're seeing it in the spot rates as they come down and the benefit you're talking about on the cost. So maybe talk a little bit about what customers are saying in terms of the impact and your thoughts on where we are in that -- in the market. And is this a factor of what the smaller carriers are feeling versus the larger in terms of that spread widening?
Bob Biesterfeld: It's an interesting question, Ken. A lot of talk about the small carriers and the rate and the speed or if they are exiting the market at pace. Ken, I was quite surprised to see that we actually added 12,000 additional carriers throughout the course of this quarter, right, which is, I think, a record number of new carrier sign-ups for us in any given quarter. I really had expected that, that number would go down. So perhaps the health of the small carrier is a bit better than is being advertised. The other way you might look at that is if those small carriers were working with another broker, those that other broker doesn't have the network density today that they once had that they're retreating to safety or retreating to Robinson. So overall, in the network, I mentioned it in the prepared comments or the industry, I mean, we're definitely seeing on the consumer side things start to soften there. We're seeing the consumer trade down. On the construction side, we're starting to see that manufacturing holding up relatively well compared to those other areas. Our aggregate demand in truckload has come down sequentially from Q1 to Q2 just in terms of the total number of tenders. But on the flip side of that, we've seen acceptance rates go up significantly, many fewer cancelled loads, many fewer negative loads. And so the health of the business on the contractual side has been really, really good. And as I say, using spot as an intentional strategy to automate that with customers, giving them access to the lower-cost spot market has helped us to maintain share.
Operator: The next question is our coming from Gordon Alliger of Goldman Sachs.
Jordan Alliger: So shifting to the forwarding side of the equation. Can you maybe give a little more color on your thoughts on the outlook from here. Obviously, trends have been super strong, and we've seen some moderation. But I guess maybe more importantly, can you talk to the share gains that you mentioned? What's actually driving that above the market? And what customer base are you penetrating to get these share gains and who might you be taking share from?
Bob Biesterfeld: It's a lot there, Jordan. No, that's all right. I probably won't get these in the right order. So I might ask you to repeat a couple of those. So let's talk first about kind of the customer base and where the growth is coming from. If I give you a really simple customer segmentation, A, B, C, D, with A being really big customers and B being smaller customers. Going into the pandemic, our customer mix tended to skew towards the seasons, right, more mid-cap to smaller customers. As we went into the pandemic and throughout and into today, the vast -- we've won in all segments, and we've grown in all segments, but we've grown outsized in really that what I'll call customer type A or the really large global customers is where we're winning the most and the most impactful to our overall volume. In terms of the forward look on the Forwarding business, we do expect that we will continue to see some softening in the marketplace within forwarding and domestically as well. But given the share gains that we've made, given the work that the Forwarding team has done in order to really structurally, I think, put that business in a different place in terms of profitability. We feel like we've got a forward look that's going to allow us to continue to deliver at or above the kind of stated 30% operating margin targets for that business. We are today the number one NVOCC from all of Asia to the U.S., along with the number one from China to the U.S. So if we are going into some moderating economic environments, we're doing it with a strong tailwind and still a strong pipeline of customers to implement. So maybe tell me if I hit on your question and what did I miss?
Jordan Alliger: Yes. The only other thing was like who might you be taking share from? Is it like a smaller freight forwarding base out there? Is it larger players? Any way to assess that?
Bob Biesterfeld: It's really difficult to assess. I think you can look at our share gains relative to some of our peers and draw your own conclusions on that Jordan, but I don't have a kind of a play-by-play that I would feel comfortable sharing in a public forum that would have any level of accuracy to it.
Operator: The next question is coming from Bruce Chan of Stifel.
Jizong Chan: Congrats on the great print here. Bob, you've had some really helpful comments on the overall demand equation, and I just maybe wanted to pick up on some of that. I know it's still kind of early to talk about peak season here, but as you start discussions for capacity planning on the Global Forwarding side, what are you hearing from them, especially if you think about some of those issues that you mentioned with labor disputes and increasing congestion at ports.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. So the way that we're thinking about the peak season right now, and I'll -- given our exposure to the ocean market, I'll start there. Looking at the transpacific trade lane, we're obviously -- to where the most of our density is. We've seen rates steadily decline here over the course of the past couple of months. I think that's mainly been caused by the issue of high inventories and either cancelled the reduced POs that have been driven by the impact of just this continued inflation on the consumer. Concurrently, other shippers have been pulling forward orders and stocking up for the holiday season early due to the years of the congestion with labor negotiation on the West Coast ports and kind of this looming congestion on the East Coast. And so we really look at the convergence of those two factors likely leading to a more muted peak season. Looking at the air freight in the same corridor, our air volumes have started to come down a bit over the past couple of months. And again, against that backdrop of a more muted peak season, seeing as many -- much of our air freight volume is driven by ocean conversions. We'd expect a bit of slowing there as well through the balance of the year. I think the outsized maybe alternate perspective there is that perhaps it's just a later peak as we worked through inventory here domestically, and then we may find ourselves in a spot where we say, "Hey, we don't have what we need for the holiday, we could see a later peak as well, but that's speculation at this point."
Jizong Chan: Okay, that's really helpful. And then, just maybe a quick follow-up. We've heard some noise about maybe some concerns about production over in Europe with some of the Russian gas supply. Have you seen any of that on your European trans business or on your forwarding side?
Bob Biesterfeld: Not that I could speak to, Bruce, with any level of expertise. It hasn't elevated itself to any of our really broad-based management team discussions related to trends in the business.
Operator: The next question is coming from Jack Atkins of Stephens.
Jack Atkins: Congrats on the great quarter. So Bob, I guess maybe just kind of going back to the thoughts on the sustainability of the 40% net operating margin in NAST through cycle. Historically, we've seen your profitability in NAST follow AGP per load pretty closely. I guess as you sort of look forward, and you think about over the next several quarters and a normalization of that AGP per load, do you feel like that the product work that Arun has been undertaking over the last couple of quarters. And the efficiency gains and productivity gains that you guys are beginning to see in the business are going to be able to spool up enough to really sort of offset a normalization of AGP to the degree that it materializes either later this year or into 2023?
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. It's the right question to ask, Jack, and I'll take that on and then open it up to the rest of the team here, too. So I want to lead in with one comment, when you say that the work that a room is leading and leading is the appropriate thing, but I also want to characterize this work is not just being technology work or product work, but really us thinking about the entire system of how C.H. Robinson works and system, not in the reference of technology systems, but just the entire system from quote to cash. And how do we best engineer every touch point along the way, both through technology and thinking differently about how we execute the business. And so that is critical work at the core of unlocking value at C.H. Robinson, and we're making progress there. But let's go back to kind of how indirectly, I think your question, Jack, is, hey, if AGP comes down, can you grow volume enough to drive the business. And so here's how I'm thinking about that a bit is we've now grown truckload volume for five consecutive quarters. And that's the first time we've done that since 2016 into 2017. Volume in our truckload business in July is -- continues to be positive year-over-year. And actually, on a per business day basis, it's at the highest level of the year in both truckload and LTL. Our total truckload volume has increased on a per business day basis sequentially each month of this year, including July. The employee additions that we've made into the team over the past several quarters are starting to get their legs under them a bit, a little bit more capable to actually help us drive growth, and there are signs that the freight market is decelerating. And you probably saw in our client advisory that we published on July 21, but based on the indicators we look at, we now expect truckload costs to decline on a full year basis around 15% for the full year. Now given that type of environment, what we also believe is that we will continue to see increased acceptance rates in our contractual business. We would expect to see less volatility in the cost of purchase transportation over the next several quarters in that environment, which allows us to lean in a bit more in terms of accepting volume, taking on a bit more risk. Because the risk on the downside just simply isn't as great in that type of environment. And so, I do feel very confident in the fact that our team should be and will deliver volume growth through the back half of this year. And I think that if we execute the plan accordingly, we could start to see that volume growth ahead of headcount growth even by the end of this year.
Operator: The next question is coming from Scott Group of Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: If I go back and look at some prior cycles, your costs and pricing historically have bottomed at sort of low double-digit declines. It sounds like you think it will be worse this time around. And just curious for your thoughts on why? And then if I look at your price versus cost in second quarter, it was 650 basis point spread. Do you think that that spread starts to compress from here? And I guess if that does happen, just any thoughts, implications on margins, PGP all of that.
Bob Biesterfeld: Scott, take me back to the first part of your question where you talked about the decline, I wasn't quite tracking that.
Scott Group: Sure. So, I just -- I mean, if you go back and look, you've been giving us this -- your price and your cost numbers for a while and they typically bottom at low double digit and kind of -- yes?
Bob Biesterfeld: We're looking at Slide 6 in the deck. Okay. Got it. Got it. Yes. So -- I certainly didn't mean to insinuate that I think it's going to be worse this time. So if that came through, I don't have enough forward visibility to say that I think it's going to be worse this time. I mean what I would obviously agree with is we're at an AGP per shipment that is at an all-time high, and we're not modeling our cost structure for how we stack our business or make our investments off of that was the point that I attempted to make in my comments. The last couple of cycles, it's been six or seven quarters peak to trough in terms of the amount of time that it's taken to get there and typically an equal amount of trough to peak. And so I'm kind of using that as the framework for what might likely play out over the course of the next couple of years. Typically, from peak to average is a few quarters to kind of get back into that median AGP per file. Now again, I don't have a crystal ball, but I just -- I think oftentimes the past is a good predictor of the future. And so that's what I would use to kind of frame up how we're thinking about this cycle.
Mike Zechmeister: And Scott, I'd add relative to the 650 basis points that you're referring to, which is price up 1.5% cost down in this business, as you know, the price follows cost. And so that spread will really be determined by how steep that cost drop-off is. So if it tapers off, you could expect, I think, that spread to be lower if it's steeper, that spread gets wider. And so that's really back to how long will it take for this thing to bottom out.
Scott Group: Okay, that makes sense. And I didn't want to put words in your mouth, sorry. I was just -- I thought you made on the prior question, a comment that you think full year costs are down 15%. And so they started up 20%. So that implies a pretty sharp drop in the back half?
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes, yes, yes. Yes, that's accurate, Scott. And more specifically, I would say, within that advisory, we go on to say that we believe that the first quarter is the only quarter that's going to see any sort of industry-wide price increase in order to get to a year-over-year down 15%, you have to see some decreases in the back half of the year. We're kind of calling week 43 the floor because you kind of run in the support of the cost to operate a trucking -- truck at that point. We would expect to see it kick up there for the seasonal last several weeks of the year leading into the holidays.
Operator: The next question is coming from Chris Wetherbee of Citi.
Chris Wetherbee: I wanted to comment the 40% operating margins in NAST, a little bit from the cost side. So you talked a bit about the volume growth on the truckload side, which obviously has been really strong over the last few quarters, as you noted. I guess I want to get a sense in a tougher market, sort of the cost initiatives that you're working on, and I know heads are first half weighted. So, we'll probably see some benefit as we move into the back half of the year. What are the other things that you think can help support that 40%? And the last quarter, you gave us sort of a peak into the second quarter in terms of how things were operating from an operating margin perspective in April, not curious if you have the ability to do that in the month of July, just to give us a sense of how things are going. .
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. We won't talk about the kind of the sequential operating margins by month within the quarter. But again, maybe Arun and I can kind of take this on together. I mean if we think about headcount in NAST, definitely believe that the second quarter will be the peak. We've got a number of interns that will cycle through the second quarter and the beginning of the third quarter that will draw down headcount. We've based on kind of where we see the economy going and what we've added, we are slowing hiring towards the back half of the year. And so in NAST, if we ended the year with a headcount number that was lower than where we are today, it would certainly not be a surprise to anybody in this room, certainly. As it relates to the highest leverage points of how we drive efficiency and reduce our cost per transaction, it really leads back to the work that Arun referenced that he and the team are leading. And we've identified a very specific opportunity to eliminate costs associated with these, I won't call them nonvalue-added activities because that's not an accurate depiction. But non-revenue-generating activities would likely be the right way to say it. The different parts of the load cycle, the appointments, load activations, the load acceptances. We have an idea of the amount of operation and personnel expense associated with executing that. And through investments in the whole system and the digitization of those, we see a very realistic way to reduce the operating expenses within NAPS. And Arun, if there's anything you'd add.
Arun Rajan: Yes. I would just say, I think Bob nailed it with like it's really scalability of the operating model that we're going after, and that means changing processes eliminating processes that maybe don't make sense, automating things that ought to be automated or making self-serve things that are better made self-serve. But that impacts the whole system, like Bob said, the business system and the operating model. And we have clear line of sight in terms of initiatives that drive unlocks in terms of manual work that could be directed elsewhere or manual head count that can be directed elsewhere.
Operator: The next question is coming from Tom Wadewitz of UBS.
Tom Wadewitz: Bob, you've seen quite a few freight cycles. You got great information for understanding how the cycles work. And your commentary today seems fairly cautious just in terms of activity and kind of coming weakening in freight. Do you think that -- I guess when I look at second quarter, it seems like there hasn't really been that much of a decline in activity. If you look at imports, they've actually continued to be pretty strong in first half. So do you think that what we're looking at is a fairly significant step down and you're kind of anticipating that in the next month or two that there's just kind of a delay between the impact of weaker consumer activity and any actual step-down in freight. Or are you just seeing kind of more of a moderation? And then, I guess, I don't know if this is related or not, but on contract and spot, do you think that kind of contract rates hang in there a bit better and that there's just a lot more pressure in spot? Or you think contract has to have a Truckload has to have a big step down as well. So I guess two questions within that.
Bob Biesterfeld: You bet. so I'll take the second question first. I mean we're seeing resiliency in our contract business. And that's -- I don't mean to articulate that there's been no changes. There's been no conversations with customers, right? I mean we're having conversations with customers, and we continue to see that contract portfolio lean more and more towards more traditional bid cycles, 12-month bid cycles. And I would broadly described that there hasn't been a tremendous amount of downward pressure on the contract markets. I would expect as we go into the third quarter and the fourth quarter and go in to see bid renewals. Those bid renewals are going to look different from a pricing standpoint than those that we did in the fourth quarter of last year or the first quarter of this year. My caution -- look, I feel great about this quarter. We grew our truckload volume in a down market. Ocean volumes were positive. LTL volumes were down, but we can explain much of that just through a couple of specific customers and customer losses or changes in their activity from the stay-at-home trends. So I feel really strong about the business fundamentals. I'm concerned about the state of the consumer based on what we're seeing from some of the retail reports over the course of the past several days here. I'm seeing us working with retail customers moving inventory around intracompany more so than I have at any time in the past. And so I think the inventory thing is real, and we're starting to see that and feel that in the business. I try to be cautiously optimistic in any scenario, but I think we have a very clear path to continue to drive growth. in the back half of this year across our services. I mean we've -- there's I don't know if there's probably 200 million truckloads that aren't hauled by C.H. Robinson right now. So the market itself, whether it goes into recession or contraction or expansion, that shouldn't be the limiter of growth for Robinson. So that -- hopefully, that helps, Tom.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes. And it's really focused on the market, not so much. Your business has performed remarkably well in the quarter, right? It was a great quarter, and you can do better than the market, but it's more a question on the market. So it sounds like you think maybe more moderation as opposed to a big step down in activity in the market.
Bob Biesterfeld: I think that's right. I mean if I just look at the DAT load-to-truck ratio and that's one that we use in our client advisories, we look at it internally. I mean we're coming off of ridiculous high levels of load-to-truck ratios in January, it was 12 or whatever. Last year, it was 5.75:1. It's basically right now at the 5-year average, 3.6, 3.7 to one. And so this feels a lot different, obviously, for all of us industry participants than it did 12 months ago. But it's kind of average. I don't think we're in the freight recession or freight Armageddon. I just think we might have forgotten what average feels like for a while here, and the business is executing. Routing guides are holding up, first tender acceptance rates are up. So I don't think that, again, from where I sit, I think we've got a healthy market still, but we should exercise caution on a forward look.
Operator: The next question is coming from Jon Chappell of Evercore ISI.
Charles Yukevich: Bob, Jordan kind of alluded to this as it related to the forwarding community, but in the traditional broker business with the NAST, what's the competitive landscape shaking out like? I mean, on the one hand, you have some pretty full pockets from a phenomenal last few quarters. But on the other hand, the labor market is still tight, inflation is really high. There's a lot of uncertainty in the market right now. Does this push a lot of the smaller brokers out? And does that provide opportunity and/or risk to see it rising going forward?
Bob Biesterfeld: It's interesting that there's some 20,000 different property brokers in this industry, right? And from small mom and pops that operate every other house to those to the size and scale of ours. One of the biggest challenges, I think, for -- I think one of the reasons why there's so many small brokers and so many very few of scale is one of the biggest challenges is just simply working capital. And as truckload pricing has been so high over the course of the past couple of years, it takes a lot of working capital in order to fund and scale a business like that. So I think many of those businesses have been constrained based on that. If we start to see the market come down, you may likely see some exits of some of those smaller brokers. But given their size relative to ours, there's not a real -- I don't know, I want to say, an imminent threat to our model that comes from that population. I think many of the upstart companies that have come on in the last five years that have gotten to some scale that have been largely funded by VC and private equity, likely their owners are taking a different approach right now to profitability versus growth at all costs. And so again, I think that adds some rationalization to the overall environment that we're seeing that we're competing in and winning in every single day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this brings us to the end of the question-and-answer session. I will turn the floor back over to Mr. Ives for closing comments.
Chuck Ives: That concludes today's earnings call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you again. Have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson First Quarter 2022 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the company’s prepared remarks, we will open the line for a live question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, April 27, 2022. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chuck Ives, Director of Investor Relations.
Chuck Ives: Thank you, Donna, and good morning everyone. On the call with me today is Bob Biesterfeld, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Arun Rajan, our Chief Product Officer; and Mike Zechmeister, our Chief Financial Officer. Bob and Mike will provide a summary of our 2022 first quarter results and Arun will provide an update on the innovation and development occurring across our platform, and then we will open the call up for questions. Our earnings presentation slides are supplemental to our earnings release and can be found in the Investors section of our website at investor.chrobinson.com. Our prepared comments are not intended to follow the slides. If we do refer to specific information on the slides, we will let you know which slide we’re referencing. I’d also like to remind you that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. Slide two in today’s presentation list factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management’s expectations. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Biesterfeld: Thank you, Chuck, and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. During first quarter we delivered record quarterly profits. Sequential improvement was driven by significant operating margin expansion in our North American Surface Transportation or NAST business, as we improved the health of our contractual truckload business, continued to grow our truckload volume, and improve the profitability of our Less Than Truckload or LTL business. Our Global Forwarding team continued delivering excellent service to our customers and collaborating with our carriers driving more business to our platform. And finally, our Robinson Fresh, Managed Services, and Europe Surface Transportation businesses all improved their top line growth and operating income on a year-over-year basis.  Now let me turn to a high level overview of our NAST and Global Forwarding results. Our NAST adjusted operating margin in first quarter was 36%, up 350 basis points year-over-year and 480 basis points sequentially, due to improve profitability in both our truckload and LTL services. In our NAST truckload business, our volume grew 4% year-over-year, and our adjusted gross profit or AGP per shipment, increased 15% versus first quarter of last year and 6.5% sequentially, as we repriced more of our contractual portfolio and continued to focus on profitable market share. Truckload volume growth included year-over-year increases in both our contractual volume and our transactional volume. This included a 65% increase in volume that was driven through our proprietary dynamic pricing engine and 65% of our spot for transactional business was priced through this dynamic pricing engine in first quarter, delivering real time pricing with capacity assurance from the largest network of truckload capacity in North America.  During the first quarter, we had an approximate mix of 60% contractual volume and 40% transactional volume. This is compared to a 55:45 mix in the same period last year. Routing guide depth of tender in our Managed Services business, which is a proxy for the overall market, was flat on a quarter-over-quarter basis at approximately 1.7, as it was for all of 2021. But within the quarter, this metric declined in February and March and reached 1.5 by the end of the quarter, as more capacity entered the market, demand begin to soften in March, and first tender acceptance rates climbed across the industry. These changes in supply and demand drove a similar trend in drive and load-to-truck ratios, which increased from six to one at year end to a high of 12 to one in early January, due to winter storms and the rising cases of COVID. They then declined throughout the quarter to approximately four to one by the end of March.  This environment led to a decline in the truckload line haul cost and price per mile in both February and March, off of another record high in January. For the quarter, our average truckload line haul costs paid to carriers excluding fuel surcharges increased approximately 21% compared to first quarter of last year. Our average line haul rate billed to our customers excluding fuel surcharges increased approximately 20.5% year-over-year. This resulted in a year-over-year increase in our NAST truckload adjusted gross profit per mile of 17%. The combination of our repricing efforts and the sequential decline in the cost of purchase transportation in February and March led to a sequential improvement in our AGP per mile in each month of the first quarter.  In our NAST LTL business record quarterly AGP of $150.7 million grew by 31 million, or 25.5% year-over-year through a 27% increase in AGP per order that was partially offset by a 1% decline in volume. The Q1 decrease in LTL volume was mainly driven by normalization of business levels, as our LTL volumes in the first quarter of 2021 continued to be bolstered by a few large customers that benefited from the stay at home trend during COVID. This contributed 15% LTL volume growth in the comparable quarter last year. Our value proposition and comprehensive set of LTL services continues to resonate with shippers of all sizes and across industry verticals.  In our Global Forwarding business, the team continues to provide creative solutions and excellent service in an environment in which demand still exceeds capacity. This resulted in year-over-year AGP growth in first quarter of $108 million, or 50%, and operating income growth of $77 million, or 85%. Q1 marks the eighth consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth in total revenues, AGP and operating income. Within this results, our ocean forwarding business generated Q1 AGP growth of $86 million or 64% year-over-year. This was driven by 52.5% growth in AGP per shipment and 7% growth in shipments, which topped a 27% volume growth in Q1 last year. Global ocean demand continues to exceed the industry’s overall capacity with limited vessel and container availability. Port congestion on the West Coast improved during first quarter, but it’s been on the rise since the end of March. Due to customer’s desires to mitigate risks, ocean carriers have also shifted vessel capacity from the West Coast to the East Coast ports, partly due to continuing congestion issues and concerns surrounding potential labor disputes on the West Coast.  COVID lockdowns in China have also led to a slowdown on export volumes from Asia to the US. And as of April 19, there were 506 vessels awaiting berthing space at Chinese ports, up 95% from the 260 waiting offshore in February. When exporting to the US returns to normal levels, congestion is likely to increase. With limited new vessel deliveries in 2022, we expect capacity to be strained for much of the year. And although ocean rates may taper a little, we expect them to remain elevated. Specific to Robinson, we have not seen a decrease in ocean cargo demand. Our win rates and our bookings are still strong, while beneficial cargo owners or BCOs continue to move more volume to us, and we already have a healthy pipeline of business left to implement.  Due to the growing strength of our global multimodal platform and the team’s collaborative relationships with our carriers, we’ve been able to increase our capacity to better serve our customers. The Global Forwarding team has also leveraged our technology investments and data advantage to improve pricing velocity, efficiency and precision, which has enabled us to participate in more quotes and to turn them around faster. In first quarter, we also launched universal vessel tracking and prediction to automate container tracking and arrival prediction, which in turn feeds into our predictive algorithms for inland transportation.  Finally, our international air freight business delivered AGP growth of $15 million or 34% year-over-year, driven by 21.5% increase in an AGP per metric ton and a 10% increase in metric tons shifts. This is on top of a 46% increase in metric tons shipped in the first quarter of last year. Air freight capacity remains tight due to limited belly capacity, but we do expect this to slowly improve in the summer. We’re also starting to see some conversion of air freight back to ocean, but we expect some pent up demand when China fully reopens.  Overall, the forwarding team has a great foundation to continue providing excellent service to our customers and to work with them to leverage our flexible solutions for their shipping needs. Our customers and our results are benefiting from the investments we’ve made in digitization, data and analytics, as well as our global network which supports our expansion initiatives in targeted geographies and industry verticals. For the enterprise, we continue to believe that through combining our digital products with our global network of logistics experts, our full suite of multimodal services, and our information advantage from our scale and data, we’re uniquely positioned in the marketplace to deliver for our shippers and partners, regardless of the market conditions. We believe our strategies and competitive advantages will enable us to create more value for customers and in turn, win more business, increase our market share, and deliver higher profitability and return on invested capital.  With that, I’ll turn the call over to Arun to walk you through the product innovation and development that’s occurring across our platform.
Arun Rajan: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. As I said last quarter, the role of our products is to relentlessly address customer and carrier needs and our strategy is to go deep with data and research to inform technology investments that deliver value to both our customers and our carriers at scale. We are more intentionally connecting our business, data science, digital marketing, and technology teams to bring meaningful products, features and insights to both sides of the two sided marketplace that we serve, and to our employees who are critical to our success. We are also taking a lean approach to delivering products and digital features, rapidly testing and evolving our digital features and functionality to deliver the outcomes we seek.  In early February, we launched enhancements to our Navisphere Carrier product, including the ability for carriers to digitally place offers and loads and provide personalized load recommendations based on the unique behaviors of carriers on our platform. The initial results from these enhancements are promising. Visits per day to Navisphere Carrier are up 45% from January to March. We also saw a significant increase in the number of carriers booking loads via Navisphere Carrier with a 51% increase from January to March. These input metrics combined with a few others resulted in a 100% increase in loads booked digitally by carriers from January to March, and a 346% increase from March of 2021 to March of 2022. Ultimately, providing a strong self service solution for our carriers will give us access to additional carriers and create greater loyalty, which is critical to our ability to continue growing volume. Access to more capacity gives us the opportunity to cover more freight on behalf of our customers by meeting carriers where and how they want to engage with us.  Working backwards from our carriers and customers leads, we will continue to apply the appropriate rigor to direct our tasks and investments towards products that drive up the acquisition, retention, and growth of carrier and customer share. Positive impact on these metrics is and will be the clearest signal that we are making the right investment decisions in the context of carrier and customer facing products. The digital investments we’re making, and the rigorous test and learn approach we are taking to inform these investments are essential to our continued and future success. The products we develop will aim to strengthen relationships with customers and carriers by delivering value on their terms. When we combine innovation and value with high performance and excellent service, we create sticky relationships with customers and carriers because they trust us. The success of every new product, feature, or insight that we deliver will be evaluated on its efficacy to increase the rate at which we acquire, retain and grow share of customers and carriers, which in turn serve as the primary inputs to power our future growth.  I will now turn the call to Mike to review the specifics of our first quarter financial performance.
Mike Zechmeister: Thanks, Arun, and good afternoon, everyone. In the first quarter we continue to build on our results in 2021 with another quarter of record financial results from the top line to the bottom line, as we’ve continued to execute on our strategy in a favorable freight market. Our Q1 total company adjusted gross profit or AGP was up 29%, reaching a record high at $906 million. On a per day basis, Q1 total company AGP improved by 27% year-over-year and 4% sequentially. On a monthly basis compared to 2021, our total company AGP per business day was up 22% in January, up 33% In February, and up 27% in March. For the seventh consecutive quarter, prices and costs rose across the North American truckload business, and for the sixth consecutive quarter, they reached all time quarterly highs.  As Bob mentioned, the line haul cost per mile and price per mile, which exclude fuel surcharges increased in January and then dropped in February and March. However, if you include fuel surcharges, cost and price per mile continued to rise through the quarter, ending with another all time high month in March. Our NAST team navigated through this environment in Q1 by managing our truck acceptance rates to optimize contractual truckload returns and honor our commitments to customers. As we have done each of the past seven inflationary quarters, we re-priced the portion of the contract portfolio to reflect the higher cost of purchase transportation. As we re-priced, our truckload AGP per mile continued to improve. Q1 marked the sixth consecutive quarter of flat to increasing AGP per mile. Truckload AGP per shipment improved sequentially each month of the quarter, with the full quarter up by 15% compared to Q1 of 2021.  AGP per mile and AGP per shipment are key metrics for managing our NAST business. They reflect our business performance better than AGP margin percentage, which naturally rises or falls with the changing market cycle and fuel pricing. A rising fuel surcharge reduces the truckload AGP margin percentage, even though we pass through the cost, leaving no impact on our AGP dollars per shipment. For example, the 75% year-over-year increase in fuel surcharge per mile resulted in approximately 50 basis point reduction to our truckload AGP margin percentage compared to Q1 last year without negatively impacting AGP dollars per shipment.  On slide seven of our earnings presentation, we’ve provided a chart that shows the historic trend of our truckload AGP per shipment and our NAST AGP margin percent. Here you can see that our Q1 NAST AGP margin percent has declined approximately 90 basis points compared to Q1 two years ago, while our truckload AGP dollars per shipment grew by 42% over the same time period. With our customer focused strong team and digital investments, we expect to continue to drive long-term growth and efficiency into our model.  Now turning to expenses, Q1 personnel expenses were $413.4 million, up 14.6% compared to Q1 last year, primarily due to increased headcount as we continue to support opportunities across our business. On a sequential basis, Q1 personnel expenses were down 1.6% versus Q4, with average headcount up 4.3%. For the full year, we continue to expect our personnel expenses to be approximately $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion, including some headcount additions that we expect to be weighted more towards the front half of 2022. If growth opportunities play out differently than we expect, we will adjust accordingly.  Moving on to SG&A, Q1 expenses of approximately $147.4 million were up 24.7% compared to Q1 of 2021, primarily due to higher purchase services, a non-recurring legal expense, and increased travel expenses. For 2022, we continue to expect total SG&A expenses to be $550 million to $600 million, primarily due to a higher level of spending on technology initiatives and travel. 2022 travel spending is expected to return to approximately half of our pre-pandemic levels. 2022 SG&A expenses are also expected to include approximately $100 million of depreciation and amortization.  First quarter interest and other income expense net totaled $14.2 million, up approximately 2.9 million versus Q1 last year, primarily due to higher average debt balance. Our Q1 tax rate came in at 18.4% compared to 18.3% in Q1 last year. Recall that our first quarter typically has a lower effective tax rate due to the tax benefits related to the delivery of our annual stock-based compensation in the quarter. We continue to expect our 2022 full year effective tax rate to be 19% to 21%, assuming no meaningful changes to federal state or international tax policy. Q1 net income was $270.3 million, up 56% compared to Q1 last year, and we delivered record quarterly diluted earnings per share of $2.05, up 60% year-over-year.  Turning to cash flow. Q1 cash flow used by operations was approximately $14 million compared to $57 million used in Q1 of 2021. The $43 million year-over-year improvement was primarily due to a 97 million increase in net income and partially offset by the change in working capital, which increased $288.5 million in Q1, compared to an increase of $251.8 million in Q1 of 2021. The Q1 increase this year resulted from a $479 million sequential increase in accounts receivable and contract assets less $190 million increase in total accounts payable. When the costs of purchase transportation and subsequently prices, including fuel surcharge come down, we would expect a commensurate benefit to working capital and operating cash flow.  Accounts receivable and contract assets were up 10.8% sequentially, while total revenue was up 4.8%. The resulting 2.1 day increase in days sales outstanding or DSO was driven primarily by sequential increases in total revenue that were more concentrated in the last two months of Q1 compared to Q4. From a quality of receivable standpoint, our percent past due is in line with our two year average and our credit losses as a percent of revenue are at four year lows. Over the long term, we continue to expect AGP growth to outpace working capital growth.  Capital expenditures were $26.2 million in Q1 compared to 13.5 million in Q1 last year. We continue to expect our 2022 capital expenditures to be $90 million to $100 million, primarily driven by technology investments. We returned approximately $251 million of cash to shareholders in Q1 through a combination of $178 million of share repurchases and $73 million in dividends. That level of cash to shareholders equates to approximately 93% of our Q1 net income, and was up 13% versus Q1 last year. During Q1 this year, we repurchased approximately 1.7 million shares at an average price of $101.93 per share. Over the long term, we remain committed to our quarterly cash dividend and opportunistic share repurchase program as important levers to enhance shareholder return.  Now onto the balance sheet highlights. At the end of Q1, our cash balance was $243 million, up $25 million compared to Q1 of 2021. We will continue to look for ways to efficiently repatriate excess cash from foreign entities. We ended Q1 with $671 million of liquidity comprised of 428 million of committed funding under our credit facility, which matures in October of 2023 and our Q1 cash balance. Our debt balance at quarter end was $2.17 billion, up $822 million versus Q1 last year, primarily driven by increased working capital and share repurchases. Our net debt to EBITDA leverage at the end of Q1 rose to 1.49 times compared to 1.42 times at the end of Q4. From a capital allocation standpoint, we remain committed to discipline capital stewardship and maintaining an investment grade credit rating and generating sustainable long-term growth in our total shareholder returns.  Thank you for listening and now I’ll turn the call back over to Bob for his final comments.
Bob Biesterfeld: Thanks Mike. So as questions linger about the impact on global economic growth from the Russian invasion of Ukraine, higher energy prices, and inflationary pressures, among other impacts, we believe that our global suite of multimodal services, our growing digital platform, and our resilient and flexible non-asset based business model will continue to deliver strong financial results through the cycle. We will continue to benefit from our product and technology investments while delivering on opportunities to integrate our services to help our customers solve their complex global supply chain issues. We are uniquely positioned to orchestrate end-to-end supply chain success for our customers, and to help them not only navigate uncertain market conditions, but to succeed in doing so.  Our Robinson team and their responsiveness and ability to provide true value continues to be a key differentiator and our ability to win in the market. One of the core values that we live by is we evolve constantly. To advance our industry leadership in a more digital environment, we’re evolving to a product led organization by reorienting the intersection of our growth strategy and our engineering and technology teams with the needs of our customers and carriers. And we’ll continue to differentiate ourselves in the market by having great people that our customers can rely on. I’m excited by the initial results that Arun described related to the enhancements that were rolled out in February for our Navisphere Carrier product. We’ll continue to build on our customer-centric commitment by continuing to invest in smart customer and carrier focused products and we’ll launch several new products that we believe will benefit our customers and carriers, as we continue to build out the most powerful supply chain platform.  This concludes our prepared comments and with that, I’ll turn it back to Donna for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question today is coming from Todd Fowler of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Todd Fowler: Hey, great, good afternoon, and congratulations on the results. Bob, I wanted to start with contract pricing and really to get a sense of where you’re at with repricing the book, what percent was effective here in the first quarter? And then with the contracts that you’re signing, is there any change in kind of the nature of the contracts, the duration or anything that would cause them to reset if we see the market continue to evolve going forward?
Bob Biesterfeld: Yep. Thanks for that question, Todd. As you know, the first quarter is typically a really busy one for contract bids and renewals and this quarter certainly was not an exception to that. And really, we kind of saw what we expected to see in terms of the overall number of bids to maybe address the meat of your question around kind of timing, the cross section of our largest customer bids, we continue to see 12-month awards as being the majority practice. In fact, a 57% of the bids of our top customers were tied to 12 months awards. Six months terms were negotiated about 25% of the bids, with the balance being terms of around three months. So that’s a bit of what we saw in terms of the terms of those bids, over the course of the quarter. I think the thing with truckload pricing either on the way up or on the way down is, there’s always some constant repricing in order to ensure that you’re staying, right with the market and balancing the opportunity for volume growth in AGP. So for us we’ll continue watching the market and tuning our pricing to capitalize on whatever, wherever this environment kind of shakes out in order to best serve our customers and to drive growth.  I think one of the real advantages for us is given the investments that we’ve made and to some of the digital and algorithmic based pricing tools is that we can react a lot faster to changes in the market, and we can adjust at scale really better than we’ve been able to do at any point in the past. And I think if you follow our customer advisory that we put forward, you likely saw that we did lower kind of our forecast during the quarter from a kind of high-single digit expectation increase in costs to an expectation of more flat on a year-over-year, which would, if you read through that, say, that we would expect those costs to come down a bit in the back half of the year.  So obviously a ton of variables that still need to be understood, but that’s how we’re seeing the market right now. I would add to that, within the contract awards, Todd, in the first quarter, we saw pretty significant increases in our win rates compared to first quarter of last year. So we do feel really good about how we’ve adjusted to kind of what the market is bearing right now.
Todd Fowler: Got it. And then Bob if you could just comment on percent effective in 1Q versus to still be implemented for the rest of the year.
Bob Biesterfeld: Say that, again, in terms of the percentage of the –
Todd Fowler: The contracts that are implemented. So you’ve got the new rates in your contract book in 1Q versus still coming in for the rest of the year. 
Bob Biesterfeld: I don’t have that data point in front of me, Todd. We can take that as a follow up but I don’t have that in front of me in terms of the percentage of the book that was rebid this quarter. 
Todd Fowler: Okay, that’s fine. I’ll pass it along. Thanks for the time.
Bob Biesterfeld: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Jordan Alliger of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jordan Alliger: Yeah. Hi. Just a question, you did a good job this quarter, the NAST operating margin, I think, shot up to around 36% or so. I’m just wondering, given the dynamics and the favorable pricing and maybe the drop in purchase transport, I mean, what’s your thoughts on the march towards the longer term goal of 40%? I mean, just something that’s attainable this year or I’ll leave it there.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yeah, thanks. Thanks, Jordan. I’ve said for the past several quarters that our goal is to get NAST back to that 40% range and a couple of factors in play, obviously this quarter. The first being the re-pricing of the book, right, and so, taking down some of the loss making loads being more intentional about the freight that we are targeting and accepting, and obviously the market. The market itself gave us some benefits there outside of our own intentional repricing. And so I think I said last quarter that one of the keys there was really improving the health of our contractual truckload portfolio. I mean, we’ve certainly done that this quarter and we would look for that to continue to get, I guess, “healthier” through the balance of this year.  The second is around expense control and ensuring that we’re managing our underlying expenses and investing in the things that are delivering the greatest return. And so I don’t know that -- I don’t -- I won’t prognosticate whether we get there throughout first, second quarter, third quarter, fourth quarter. Within the months, we got pretty close there, within the quarter and so I think we’re on a really good trajectory.
Jordan Alliger: Thank you. 
Jordan Alliger: Thank you. The next question is coming from Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey, Bob, just to clarify, your point on that last comment was, March got pretty close to that 40% net operating margins. So you’d expect -- implying you think that net operating margins in 2Q would be better than 1Q, is that fair?
Bob Biesterfeld: What I would confirm and what you just said there Scott is throughout the course of first quarter what we saw was a moderation in terms of the cost of purchase transportation. We saw a moderation in the overall marketplace dynamics in kind of the load to truck ratio. And our model responded the way that we would expect our model to respond. A better part of our while we grew truckload volume in both contractual and transactional, as we would expect, our book starts to shift a little bit more towards the contractual in a loosening market. And as I said, I mean, the model is holding up the way we would expect it to in a market that starts to soften a bit.
Scott Group: Okay. And then you guys in the quarter announced this new capital allocation committee, how should we think about what may or may not be coming? Is the focus more on more buybacks? Is it on more acquisitions? Is it on assets? What are the things that you think you haven’t done before that may change going forward?
Bob Biesterfeld: Sure. And so maybe I’ll just take a second Scott to level set just to make sure everybody that’s participating in the call has the same information. On February 28, we announced via an 8-K and a press release that we’d reached a cooperation agreement with one of our large shareholders Ancora and through that process, we’ll be adding two new directors to our boards, Jay Winship and Henry Maier. In addition to that, we formed a Capital Allocation and Planning Committee as part of the Board of Directors, which is made up of my Chairman of the Board, myself, and Jay and Henry and that the purpose of that committee is to really objectively assess value creation opportunities for the company, make recommendations to the full board, and to really support management’s review of the company’s capital allocation operations and strategy, including enhanced transparency and disclosures to shareholders.  Now, we came to that agreement at the end of February. We’re a couple of months into that engagement, less than 60 days into the engagement. We’ve been working hard over the past couple of months to onboard two new directors who have been incredibly engaged, establishing the priorities of the committee and I’m really encouraged by the engagement and the skill sets of the new directors and the fresh perspective that they’re bringing. I think they’re both going to bring great experiences to our Board. And we’ll continue to work together to maximize shareholder value. Being at its early stages I don’t have a lot to share in terms of outputs of that committee or a specific focus areas, but I would say, kind of that general framework as we’ve communicated publicly at the end of February, is the scope. 
Scott Group: Okay, thank you. I’ll get back in queue.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Jack Atkins of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins : Okay. Great. Good afternoon and thank you for taking my questions. So I guess just to -- if I can squeeze in a couple [Phonetic] in here. First, I guess a follow up on Scott’s question, Bobby at any sense for when we could maybe know more about some outcomes from the decisions of the special committee and what the broader Board wants to do there? And would you expect any outcomes to be incremental pr could there be some more fundamental shifts in business strategy? That’s first question. And second question is, when you think about the shutdowns and lockdowns in China and the potential knock on effects of the US freight markets, once we see a reopening there, do you think that could cause further disruptions in the second half of this year as that freight begins to land in the US, just any sort of thoughts on that would be helpful? Thank you.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yep. I’ll give you a brief answer on the first part, Jack, and I’ll try to build upon the specific question around China. I mean, relative to anything that we do strategically within the organization, as we always have, and as we always will, we’ll evaluate strategic alternatives for the company that are best focused on maximizing shareholder value for the long term. And so new committee, no committee that’s been the lens that we’ve taken. And so as things come, if things come, obviously public disclosure, if we make decisions, we’ll follow that. But we likely won’t be dropping breadcrumbs, so to speak ahead of kind of what we’re looking at, or what we’re working on, for obvious reasons.  So, let me shift and pivot to China, Jack. Here’s how we’re thinking. I mean, this is, to me, one of the biggest unknowns, in a long list of unknowns and what’s going to happen in our market, whether it’s Ukraine, whether it’s energy prices, whether it’s inflation, but clearly China and the lockdown there is something that we’re watching really keenly. With them experiencing really the worst COVID outbreak they’ve had since the beginning of the pandemic, to put it in context, there’s more people under lockdown in China right now than the entire population of the United States. And so we know that their freight has been disrupted inland from lack of trucking, freight is piling up, and when trucks are finally permitted to start moving goods, and we get back to some normal fluidity in China, we expect that that’s going to create a surge of freight, but likely will at some point down the road negatively impact some of the progress that we’ve made here in terms of the backlogs at the US ports.  I don’t know that any of us know, Jack, what the real impact will be. We’ve got almost 40% of the country’s GDP existing in provinces that are locked down along with two of the world’s largest ports. I think I have the belief right now that we’re in more of an air pocket caused by this related to the imports from China, but eventually that demand comes back online and the timing of that, and the impact is yet to be fully understood. But given the integrated logistics system needed to move goods over the water, the air, the road and the rail, there’s likely to be some impacts later on in the year, I guess, maybe sooner, to maybe depressing demand and later in terms of disrupting demand. That’s kind of the best lens that we’re taking against that, Jack. 
Jack Atkins: Okay. Thank you for the color.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Bruce Chan of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Bruce Chan: Hey, thanks and good afternoon, everyone. Bob, just want to follow up there on Jack’s question. As you think about the China COVID disruption in the West Coast potential port issue, and you go through the customer repricing process, have those issues been factoring at all into any of those pricing discussions on the NAST side? And I guess, given that uncertainty, are you doing anything to position, potentially more on the spot?
Bob Biesterfeld: I mean, I think that specific to China, here’s what I would say, I forget who asked the question earlier about kind of the makeup of the contracts, but it’s 57% of our large customer contracts that were signing for 12 months forget the percent, 25% at six months and the balance at three. I think just that makeup of the contract portfolio is so different than anything, pre-pandemic. We are -- we and I think many industry players are trying to figure out what these impacts are and manage and mitigate risk appropriately because of it. Certainly in 2019, that number would have been, all of the contracts were 12 months in length. So I don’t know that we’ve got great information in terms of what that impact will be.
Bruce Chan: And I guess just subjectively, has that issue been coming up at all in your customer pricing discussions?
Bob Biesterfeld: It has in some cases, subjectively, yeah, anecdotally.
Bruce Chan: Okay. Great. Well, that’s helpful. I’ll hop back into queue. Appreciate it. 
Bob Biesterfeld: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead. 
Chris Wetherbee: Hey, thanks. Good afternoon, guys. 
Bob Biesterfeld: Hi, Chris.
Chris Wetherbee: Quick questions here. Just first loss making loads, can you remind -- can you give us a sense of sort of where you are in the first quarter and, and what you’re competing against from a full year basis what you did in 2021? And then I guess, when we think about the truckload volume environment, obviously in a decelerating freight environment, I guess the idea would certainly be to maybe lead in a little bit more from a volume perspective. Can you give us a sense of maybe how you see the opportunity set playing out as the year progresses?
Bob Biesterfeld: Yeah. So, we made a pretty meaningful swing, I guess, would be my unofficial term in terms of the reduction in negative files from Q4 to Q1. We’re not back to kind of the normal run rate, so I guess that’s the good news that there’s still room to run. And if you look at the new slide that we inserted into the deck, on Slide Seven in the deck, you can kind of see what the what the recovery in the AGP per truckload has been. And so that’s really where I’d like us to put the focus is we will -- we’re going to continue to work on optimizing that, that AGP per truckload and AGP, kind of, over the lifetime value of our customers. And as we get to your point, we may need to get a bit more aggressive to grow share in some corridors and some lanes with some customer types, which may or may not lead to increased release to risk of negative or loss making loads. But we want to really look at this maximizing the overall yield and that balance of volume and AGP.
Chris Wetherbee: Okay. But there still is, like you said, an opportunity from a loss making load perspective in terms of catching up relative to where you’ve been? 
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. Yep. 
Chris Wetherbee: Okay. 
Bob Biesterfeld: Yeah, we’re a couple of hundred, 300 -- I think 300 basis points roughly off of the average, some in that area 300 to 400.
Chris Wetherbee: Okay, thanks very much. Appreciate it. 
Bob Biesterfeld: Yep
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Ken Hoexter of Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Ken Hoexter: Hey, great. Good afternoon and really solid job on the quarter. Sorry, if I repeat, I know, you’ve got a couple of calls going on after market and I read the transcript as quick as I could. But just the shift of contracts, you noted the routing guy [Phonetic] depth in your opening comments, how do you see if that’s a seasonal pocket in terms of what you’re seeing in March. You noted kind of we’re seeing a little bit of lighter demand, or I think even commented, an extra supply hitting the market. How do you kind of see that and make that switch in your business to contract? What are the signals that you look forward to kind of switch from that guided debt -- when that guided debt starts loosening to lock in those contracts?
Bob Biesterfeld: Ken, in our pricing strategy now, so I’ll maybe zoom out a little bit realizing that our business and our mix between contract and spot typically moves as much with kind of first tender acceptance, right, and kind of the movement in the overall market as much as it does our kind of intentionality. But we do obviously take different pricing strategies, given where we see the market either rising or falling. But as you know, first tender acceptance increases across the industry, so as does ours, right. And so that inherently in itself is going to move more of our business into that committed space.  What we’re seeing in the market right now can -- we saw this load to truck ratio, kind of using some calculations against the DAT data, finished out the end of last year at six to one. We opened up right out of the gates in the beginning of first quarter, and having that skyrocket up to 12 to one, really as we had a really a broad outbreak of COVID that has started to trend down and into April, we’ve seen it actually hit that three to one range, which is kind of that balanced market, if you will. But what I would say is even today and looking at some current data, we’re starting to see, I don’t know if I want to call it a floor yet, but we’re seeing resistance in terms of how far that’s coming down in certain geographies, and even starting to see some upward pressure in terms of costs in some geographies. And so I don’t get a sense that we’re in this freefall necessarily, but I think we’re going to meet resistance as we see incremental demand with produce season and beverage season and the subs coming on over the course of the next few weeks.
Ken Hoexter: And just to clarify, did you mentioned that your view of purchase transportation went from high-single digits to now flattish, or is that what you’re seeing also [Multiple Speakers]? 
Bob Biesterfeld: Yeah but for the year, yep. 
Ken Hoexter: Okay. Okay. Great. Appreciate the time and thoughts. Thanks, Bob. 
Bob Biesterfeld: Yeah, you bet.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: Yeah, good afternoon. I wanted to -- I think you’ve had a decent amount of commentary on this but how do you think that 2Q will like should we think of this as kind of a -- you’re in the sweet spot for a little bit in 1Q and in terms of NAST and truckload kind of thinking my conventional hat of gross margin percent but if you want to say gross profit per load, however you think about it. Is there you had a touch of it, like March in 1Q, and then you kind of have an extended sweet spot, or each cycle is different, but how do you think about that? And I guess it sounds like you’re constructive on loads and loads are still pretty good. I think that’s where people are trying to get their arms around spot markets a lot looser, but companies don’t seem to think there’s weakness in loads. So anyways, if I get some comments around that would be helpful. Thank you.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yep. So I would say April marketplace kind of looks like March, right and the model is kind of reacting the way that we would expect it to. In terms of demand, we’re -- the market assessment is worth, I don’t know, 2% or 3% of the overall market. And so there’s market share for us to gain, regardless of market conditions in my mindset, but some of the signals that we saw in the first quarter is we did start to see some softening of demand signals in some of our digital pricing tools where we’re standing up those API’s. We started to see some softening demand and the spot market calls for rates. But the flip side of that is we saw significant increases in win rates on the contract side, on a year-over-year basis. And so again, I think it’s -- I think we’ll see the portfolio continue to shift but I’m certainly not worried about, again, at least based on everything that we can see here, about demand shutting down.
Tom Wadewitz: So you think it’s easing or it’s just shifting from spot to contract?
Bob Biesterfeld: Well, you can look at the cast freight index as a data point, and we’re still in positive, slightly positive territory there. I mean, it does -- demand is moderating or supply is increasing, the market is clearly becoming more balanced, at least in the near term. And typically, when that happens, we see our portfolio shift more towards contractual fright, as the spot market opportunities tend to become less and less. 
Tom Wadewitz: Sure, okay. Yeah, it makes sense. Thank you, Bob. Appreciate it.
Bob Biesterfeld: Thanks, Tom. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Brian Ossenbeck of J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Brian Ossenbeck: Hey, good evening, thanks for taking the question. Maybe if you can just talk about hiring and the trends we’re seeing there, retention of the productivity looks like, is it really trying to sort of pick up from some of the additional cuts, excuse me, that you made in pandemic and try to catch up with the market. How’s that working out relative to plan? And then when we look at some of the automated tools, I think you’re calling out about 40,000 or so of automated truckload bookings in the first quarter. How’s that run rate from last year? And if you can put that some perspective around that in terms of percentage and where you think it should go that’d be helpful. 
Bob Biesterfeld: Yep. So those two areas are really I think used on lots of growth. And I’ll tackle them separately, because they’re two separate distinct things. So let’s talk about the headcount growth and the adds first. I want to continue to reinforce that our goal is to overtime continue to grow volume at a rate ahead of headcount growth, nothing has changed there. But with that being said, we’ve ramped up hiring as we’ve seen, in the past couple of quarters both to stimulate growth and to respond to the opportunities that are in the pipeline. So I’ll talk about NAST and Forwarding a little bit separately, because the stories are slightly different. If I look at NAST and zoom out a bit, we’ve been intentional about driving productivity within NAST and part of that has been limiting some of the headcount growth. And if I look at the average headcount, over time, in 2016, we added about 3% headcount growth; in 2017, we added about two; in 2018, we only increased headcount by about 0.5%; and we’ve decreased headcount every year since then. And so, from our -- you mentioned, kind of cutting too deep in 2020 from our peak headcount, and in the middle of 2019, to the trough, in 2021, we decreased our overall headcount by about 13%. But at that same time, from peak to trough, we improved our productivity in terms of shipments per person per day by about 33%. But we’d likely constrained some growth opportunities in doing that, particularly in truckload. And so as we look at our average headcount in first quarter of 2022, with these increases, it gets us back close to our average headcount in 2017, candidly, with a more high volume business and higher productivity.  The increase in NAST headcount year-over-year is really a mix of commercially oriented roles to drive demand, carrier facing roles to ensure continuity of supply, and then operational roles to ensure higher quality of service. And I think those three lenses coming together, along with the technology investments that we’ve made that I’ll touch on next, I think, are really critical to drive growth of future. Within Forwarding, the additions really been made on a global basis to keep pace with the increase in the business but the number of opportunities that we still have that we’re landing, the expansion of our capacity this year into 2022, and those adds are being made more on a global basis. They tend to lean a little heavier into the US, but are really spread across the globe.  On the tech side in terms of the unlocks and some of what Arun talked out on the call, just to reinforce, when we talked on the last earnings call, we said, hey, we expected this order to be kind of pivotal in terms of demonstrating some results on the digital side. And with what we rolled out in February, what we saw a 45% increase in daily visits to our Navisphere Carrier products, a 51% increase in the carriers, the distinct carriers that were booking loads digitally and a 100% increase in digital books sequentially from January to March. On a year-over-year basis, it was close to 350% increase in terms of digital books. Again, your market size add a little bit and say 440,000 shipments, 830 million in gross revenue in the quarter, I think it is a good signal on some of the progress that we made. What is really encouraging now to me in those numbers is that 40% of those digital books occurred in March and obviously heavier weight into the back of the quarter and sets up for a very favorable run rate.  You think about analyzing those numbers and kind of comparing them to some of the other digital platforms in the industry, it’s pretty easy to get to a place where you look at it and say Robinson clearly has the largest digital freight marketplace, across the industry, but Arun mentioned some key input metrics around acquisition and retention and share growth and those are the things we’ll continue to track and communicate in order to drive the output metrics of volume growth and profit improvement. So lots of dry powder in that long answer, sorry, Brian, in terms of additional heads, as well as the expansion of the tech to drive acquisition, retention, and share growth. The thing that I would comment on current productivity is in general, new employees don’t operate at the same level of productivity as people in our industry that have been here for a while, right. They’re building their book of business, they’re learning the rolls and so you might say that we’ve got 1000 people doing the job of 300 or 400 just based on their ramp in productivity over the course of the first 6 to 12 months and so we’ll continue to see that increase as those employees kind of aged into their rolls.
Brian Ossenbeck: Thanks, Bob, for those details. And just one quick follow up. I know you mentioned a few minutes ago about March looking like April, can you put some -- can you quantify that a little bit, maybe talk about directionally, AGP per load, or loads in general, just to put a little more finer points that would be appreciate.
Bob Biesterfeld: A couple of years ago that we really stopped giving kind of the volume and revenue in the month, in the quarter and so I’ll just say directionally the market conditions in April look very similar to what we experienced on the tail end of March and the model is responding as we would expect it to.
Brian Ossenbeck: Thank you, Bob, for your time. Appreciate it. 
Bob Biesterfeld: Yeah. Thank you, Brian. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Jeff Kauffman of Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you very much and congratulations. I wanted to check in on one of the newer initiatives, the trailer pools, I know, that’s pretty hot topic across the industry and I was just kind of curious, how that’s progressing, how large that’s gotten, where those metrics are showing up and what kind of difference they’re making for you.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yeah, so I’ll talk kind of at a high level about drop trailer. Drop trailer makes up just under 10% of our total truckload volume. So it is a meaningful and important part of our business. The volume associated with drop trailer last quarter increased by, I think, 23%. And so it’s definitely an area where customers are voting to move towards more of these power only and drop trailer programs because they are so much more efficient from a load and unload standpoint. Within the drop trailer business at Robinson we have a program that we stood up a few years ago called Power Plus, which is kind of our gray box leased trailer fleet and that fleet continues to grow albeit the size of the growth in that fleet was challenged last year, just with the availability of trailers. We will look to add another 100 trailers or so to that here on the front part of this year, we measure that the size of that gray box fleet or the Power Plus fleet in the hundreds of trailers, not the thousands of trailers, but that combined with the balance of our of our drop trailer business allows us to really provide some compelling solutions to our customers in an area that’s clearly high demand.
Jeff Kauffman: Okay, that’s a great answer. Thank you very much. That’s all I have. 
Bob Biesterfeld: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Bascome Majors of Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Bascome Majors: Yeah, thanks for taking the questions here. Just want to briefly clarify a couple of questions from earlier. First on the China shut downs, you move as much China US ocean freight as anybody out there in your global boring business. I’m curious you have any data or any way to quantify the drop in outbound out of Shanghai or China as a whole in the last four or five weeks versus what was happening before the shutdown start, just anything directionally you could put to numbers on that, and then I have one more follow up. 
Bob Biesterfeld: Yep. Bascome, honestly, for us, we’ve not seen any decline in demand or shipments in our ocean business. And so I don’t have industry-wide data in terms of overall volumes in front of me. But for us, it still maintains a really, really strong demand environment and we’ve got the capacity to respond to it. 
Bascome Majors: And that is a comment going into April as these have continued, not just a [Multiple Speakers]. 
Bob Biesterfeld: Yep. 
Bascome Majors: Thank you for that. And the first question of the call you talked about, I think, 57% of your bids that you were doing were still 12 month and the other 43% are in the six to three month range. Is that mix reflective of the number of bids or dollars? I’m just trying to understand, is the balance of the dollars of truckload freight you’re moving much different than that kind of 60:40 mix? Thank you.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yep, good question. And again, that is a subset of kind of our global top accounts that we manage the pricing at a centralized level. I do think it’s fairly representative of -- so that’s going to be representative of the terms of the bids that are being taken to market. In terms of what were being awarded and kind of how that’s weighted, I believe that that’s going to be more heavily weighted to the 12 month bids and so while 57% of the actual procurement exercises were for awards of 12 months or more of our awarded volume, a higher percentage than 50% is tied to the 12 month awards. So hopefully that adds some clarity on that. 
Bascome Majors: It does, thank you. 
Bob Biesterfeld: Yep, you bet basketball.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from David Zejula of Barclays. Please go ahead. 
David Zejula: Thanks again for taking the call and taking the questions. Maybe a split question for Bob and Arun. Could you comment on your customer retention that you’ve seen over maybe the last 12 months? And for Arun, maybe talk about any tools that you’ve developed that either have had an effect or you’re targeting specifically for customer retention? Thanks.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yep, so I’ll hit on the current customer retention. Across our top 500 customers, which makes up about 50% of our revenue, our customer retention was nearly 100% in 2021 and that carried into to the first quarter of 2022, as well. Our overall customer count in NAST increased on a year-on-year basis in the first quarter, which was obviously a positive signal. And we saw that across different size segments as well from one of the encouraging things, we saw a lot of small business come back in the first quarter of second -- the first quarter of 2022 and that was area of the largest increase in overall customer count, it was in small businesses. So I think that’s an encouraging sign for the economy. I don’t know, Arun, if you want to talk at all about some of the customer side.
Arun Rajan: Yeah our focus has been on the carrier side, as you heard earlier, in terms of like, carrier acquisition, retention, and share growth. On the customer side, we’ve got some things teed up specifically along the lines of, as you probably heard Bob and others talk about the IQ products, the Robinson Labs, Emissions IQ, and Procure IQ, and Market Rate IQ. Things that are working well with our customers, but we need to scale them. And so in coming quarters, you’ll see us scale those capabilities into our customer facing tools. But I’d say like at this point, those are driving -- probably driving retention, but not in a way that we can play it back measurably.
David Zejula: Thanks, appreciate it. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ravi Shanker: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. Thank you for the detail on the AGP per shipment and the history there. I’m not 100% sure what the message here is, can you remind us again, why do you think AGP per shipment is a better profitability metric than gross margin? And also as a follow up to that, if I look at this chart, like over the last decade, like there’s been pretty tight correlation between the gross margin and the AGP per shipment until the cycle where both those lines have diverged. Why do you think that is the case going to be? Is there something going on mix where you’re getting a decent number of shipments but the cost per shipment is coming down of something?
Bob Biesterfeld: You know, Ravi, the reason that we’ve always believed that AGP per shipment is the most important metric is we can’t control much of what drives AGP margin percent. Think about fuel alone in the current environment and the impact of diesel. Diesel fuel surcharges are an absolute pass through for us in our truckload business, yet they have either negative or positive impacts on AGP percent on a year-over-year basis, depending on if they’re rising or falling. We use -- if you look at the low point to -- in kind of mid-2020 to where we’ve sit today and you see whatever, six, seven quarters in a row of increases of AGP per load, if I’m managing my teams in the field, I need them managing that AGP per load up 42%. I’d much rather have our AGP per load today than the AGP per load in the middle of 2020, yet the AGP margin is irrelevant in terms of in terms of the profitability of our business. 
Ravi Shanker: Okay. Again I am not sure why the margin is irrelevant, but can you help clarify kind of why those two lines have diverged in the last 18 months? I can’t -- I don’t think that’s fuel. 
Bob Biesterfeld: Yeah, the cost of purchase -- well the cost of purchase, transportation, and the sell rate has gone up at a rate that we’ve never seen in the past. And as you can see, our AGP per load is relatively range bound over the course of the last decade.
Ravi Shanker: Okay, got it. Maybe I can take this offline as well. Thank you for the time. 
Bob Biesterfeld: Thanks, Ravi.
Operator: Thank you. Unfortunately, we have run out of time for questions today. At this point, I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Ives for closing comments. 
Chuck Ives: Thank you, Donna. That concludes today’s earnings call. Thank you, everyone for joining us today and we look forward to talking to you again. Have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation and interest in C.H. Robinson. You may disconnect your lines or log off the webcast and enjoy the rest of your evening.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Fourth Quarter 2021 Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the company's prepared remarks, we will open the line for a live question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, February 2, 2022. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chuck Ives, Director of Investor Relations.
Chuck Ives: Thank you, Donna, and good morning everyone. On the call with me today is Bob Biesterfeld, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Arun Rajan, our Chief Product Officer; and Mike Zechmeister, our Chief Financial Officer. Bob and Mike will provide a summary of our 2021 fourth quarter results and outlook for 2022, and Arun will outline the innovation and development occurring across our platform, and then we will open the call up for live questions. Our earnings presentation slides are supplemental to our earnings release and can be found in the Investors section of our website at investor.chrobinson.com. Our prepared comments are not intended to follow the slides. If we do refer to specific information on the slides, we will let you know which slide we're referencing. I'd also like to remind you that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. Slide 2 in today's presentation list factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management's expectations. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Biesterfeld: Thank you, Chuck, and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. Within our industry, 2021 will be remembered as a year with some of the greatest disruption and tightest capacity ever seen. For me, it will be remembered as a year in which the global supply chain is at the forefront of conversations and where our organization effectively helped our customers and carriers navigate the unprecedented level of supply chain disruption, allowing us to provide the superior level of service that global customers have come to expect from C.H. Robinson. The strength and the resilience of our model was evident in the fourth quarter and the full year as we generated record annual financial results in 2021. The positive momentum of our business remains strong as demand for our global suite of services and for our digital freight platform continues to grow. Now let me turn to a high-level overview of the results. In our NAST truckload business, we saw a strong demand for our services with a 6% year-over-year volume growth in the fourth quarter. Our adjusted gross profit, or AGP, per load continued to improve in both truckload and LTL as we repriced more of our contractual portfolio and focused on profitable market share. This repricing enabled us to reduce the amount of truckloads with negative margins in Q4 to their lowest level since Q2 of 2020. Yet that level does remain above our historical averages and we remain focused on reducing them further. For the quarter, NAST truckload grew AGP by $57 million or 22% year-over-year. This was driven by a 6% increase in volume and a 15% increase in AGP per load. This was the third consecutive quarter that we delivered year-over-year growth in both NAST truckload volume and NAST truckload AGP, demonstrating balanced growth in an extremely tight market. Truckload volume growth was driven by a 2% increase in contractual volume and a 12% increase in spot market volume due in part to an 85% increase in volume that was driven through our proprietary dynamic pricing engine. Nearly half of our spot or transactional business was priced through our dynamic pricing engine in the fourth quarter, where we delivered real-time pricing with capacity assurance from the largest network of truckload capacity in North America. For the full year, approximately $875 million of revenue was recognized through this digital channel, which was 193% increase over 2020. During the fourth quarter, we had an approximate mix of 55% contractual volume and 45% transactional volume in our truckload business, which is consistent with our mix in the year-ago period. We saw routing guide depth of tender in our Managed Services business remained at 1.7 in the fourth quarter as it did for most of 2021. As a proxy for the industry environment, this occurred despite all of the repricing actions that occurred throughout 2021, reflecting the extended period of market disruption. In Q4, our average truckload linehaul cost per mile paid to carriers, excluding fuel surcharges, increased 18% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Our average linehaul rate build to our customers excluding fuel surcharges increased 18.5% year-over-year. This again resulted in the highest cost and price per mile on record and a 19% year-over-year increase in our NAST truckload adjusted gross profit per mile. In the fourth quarter, we continued our efforts to attract carriers to our platform and achieved a new record of over 10,000 carrier signups. Carrier utilization of our Navisphere platform continued to increase as well with a 40% year-over-year increase in both daily and monthly average users of our carrier products. As we continue to introduce enhancements to our digital products, we expect the carry experience to improve and the usage to continue growing. Looking at the market, load-to-truck ratios still remain at historic highs driven by the structural constraints around the expansion of truckload capacity, strong import demand, persistent congestion at the ports and the impacts of COVID and winter storms. We do expect truckload capacity to remain tight and we expect to further increase the volume we handle in this environment. In short, we expect stronger for longer as we look at the market into 2022. In our NAST LTL business, fourth quarter AGP grew by $21 million or 18% year-over-year. This was delivered through a 23.5% increase in adjusted gross profit per order. It was partially offset by a 4% decline in volume. The Q4 decrease in LTL volume was mainly driven by a normalization of business levels as our LTL volumes in the fourth quarter of 2020 were bolstered by a few large customers that benefited significantly from some of the stay-at-home trends during COVID, which contributed to roughly 20% LTL volume growth in the comparable quarter last year. Overall demand in the LTL market remains strong with capacity remaining at a premium. Our value proposition in LTL continues to resonate with shippers of all sizes and across industry verticals. For the full year, I'm proud to announce that our LTL adjusted gross profit exceeded $500 million for the first time. Now transitioning to our forwarding business, the team here continues to execute well and provide creative solutions in an environment in which demand still exceeds capacity. This resulted in year-over-year AGP growth in Q4 of $130 million or 72% and marks the seventh consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth in total revenues, AGP and operating income. Based on both inventory-to-sales ratios, robust demand expectations and the potential for further disruptions at West Coast ports due to upcoming labor negotiations, we believe the current forwarding environment will continue through at least the first half and potentially through a greater portion of 2022. In our ocean forwarding business, we grew our AGP by $97 million or 87% year-over-year. This was delivered through a 78% increase in AGP per shipment and a 5% increase in shipment volume. Ocean demand continues to exceed the industry's overall capacity with limited vessel and container availability, compounded by a continued backlog of ships waiting outside of U.S. ports to unload cargo. Strong U.S. import demand is expected to persist as the ports work to debottleneck, which will likely Cause Ocean pricing to remain elevated and conversions from ocean to air to continue. Our team has the existing foundation to continue to provide excellent service to our customers and to work with them to develop flexible, multimodal solutions for their shipping needs. Finally, our international airfreight business delivered AGP growth of $31 million or 92% year-over-year. This was driven by a 38% increase in metric tons shipped and 40% increase in AGP per metric ton. Airfreight capacity also remains strained, but Robinson has been supporting our customers' needs by leveraging our broad network of air services providers. The forwarding team continues to have a large backlog of new business to implement from both new and existing customers and expects to continue to grow wallet share. Our customers and our results are benefiting from the investments we've made in digitization, data and analytics as well as our global network, which supports our expansion initiatives in targeted geographies and industry verticals. Before I transition to Mike to go deeper into the results, I would like to welcome Arun Rajan, our Chief Product Officer, to walk you through the innovation and the development occurring across our platform today and into the future. And we continue to believe that through combining our digital products with our global network of logistics experts and our information advantage driven by our scale and data that we are uniquely positioned in the marketplace to deliver for our shippers and partners regardless of market conditions. We believe our strategies and competitive advantage will enable us to better create value for our customers and in turn, win more business and increase market share while delivering higher profitability and return on invested capital. A key-unlock in our ability to effectively deliver on the strategy at scale, allowing us to lead in a digital environment, lies within how we are reorienting at the intersection of our growth strategy, our engineering and technology strategy and the needs of our customers and carriers by really evolving to being a more product-led organization. As I searched for the right person to lead this change and to be our Chief Product Officer, it was critical for me to find someone who had experience at leading digital companies that participated in two-sided marketplaces. Arun is a seasoned and inspiring leader, who brings nearly three decades of product and technology experience, developing and deploying products that enrich the customer experience and creating value at industry-leading companies such as Whole Foods, Zappos and Travelocity. Arun's deep product and leadership experience will be invaluable as we drive the next generation of innovation for our company while creating sustainable long-term value for our customers, our carriers and our shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call briefly to Arun.
Arun Rajan: Thanks Bob. And good morning, everyone. It's nice to have the opportunity to address all of you today. I was really excited to join Robinson five months ago as I believe in the mission and see a clear opportunity to help digital transformation at scale within an industry-leading company. My professional background is almost exclusively been in leading product, data and engineering teams in digitally native companies such as Travelocity and Zappos. I have also spent time in product and engineering roles at companies and industries that were going through a transformation, such as Whole Foods more recently and Sabre earlier in my career. This is in addition to serving the CTO and COO role at Zappos and my 10 years across the Amazon Enterprise. I understand the importance of amazing customer experience and service and putting the customer at the center of everything we do, something that is core to Robinson. Here, the role of product is to relentlessly trust customer needs and carrier needs and to go deep with data and research to inform technology investments in service of our customers and our carriers. Robinson exists at the center of a broad two-sided marketplace in which we need to provide value to both carriers and customers. Both sides of the marketplace are demanding more real-time transparency, information and innovation. In response, we will be more intentionally connecting our business, data science, digital marketing and technology teams to bring meaningful products, features and insights to both sides of the marketplace and to our employees. We will also be taking a lean approach to delivering products and digital features, testing our hypothesis and iterating our way to deliver the outcomes we seek. As one example of this, we will soon launch enhancements to our Navisphere Carrier product that are focused on improving the digital experience for carriers, including features that will personalize the carriers' experience, bring more liquidity to the marketplace, provide the ability to digitally place offers of nodes and deliver personalized little recommendations based on the unique behaviors of carriers on our platform. We will rapidly test and evolve our digital offerings as we iterate on features and functionality. Providing a strong self-service solution for our carriers will give us access to additional carriers and create greater loyalty, which is critical to our ability to continue growing volume. Access to more capacity gives us the opportunity to cover more freight on behalf of our customers by meeting carriers where and how they want to engage with us: in their cab, at a truck stop or in their office. Working backwards from our carriers' needs, we will apply the appropriate rigor to direct on tests and investments towards products that drive up the acquisition, retention and growth of carrier share. I believe that positive impact of these metrics will be the clear signal that we are making the right investment decisions in the context of carrier-facing products. The digital investments we are making and the rigorous test-and-learn approach we are taking to inform these investments are essential to our continued and future success. The products we develop will aim to strengthen relationships with customers and carriers by delivering value on their terms. When we couple innovation and value with high performance and excellent service, we create customers and carriers who return again and again because they trust us. The success of every new product feature or insight that we deliver on either side of our marketplace will be evaluated on its efficacy to increase the rate at which we acquire, retain and grow share of customers and carriers, which in turn, serve as the primary input metrics to power our future growth. I'll now turn the call to Mike to review the specifics of our fourth quarter financial performance and outlook for 2022.
Mike Zechmeister: Thanks, Arun, and good morning, everyone. As Bob mentioned, Q4 was another solid quarter of year-over-year growth and record annual financial results as we continue to execute on our tech plus strategy. Our total company revenue increased 43% over Q4 last year. And our adjusted gross profit or AGP was up 34%, reaching another record high at $856 million. AGP increased across each of our segments on a year-over-year basis and compared to the pre-pandemic quarter of Q4 2019. Note that Q4 of 2021 had one less business day than Q4 of 2020 and 2019. On a per day basis, Q4 total company AGP improved by 3% sequentially, 36% year-over-year and 50% over the pre-pandemic quarter of Q4 2019. The AGP increases year-over-year were driven by both higher volumes and higher AGP per shipment in ocean, truckload and air as we pursued profitable market share gains. On a monthly basis compared to 2020, our total company AGP per business day was up 44% in October, up 32% in November and up 31% in December. For the sixth consecutive quarter, prices and costs rose across our North American truckload business. And for the fifth consecutive quarter, they reached all-time highs. In October and November, cost per mile and price per mile were relatively flat sequentially before rising in December due to increases in load-to-truck ratios and average route guide depth. Our NAST team navigated through this environment in Q4 by growing spot truckload volume approximately 12% year-over-year, which marked the sixth quarter in a row of double-digit spot market volume growth. We also grew our Q4 contractual truckload volume by approximately 2% year-over-year despite the rising cost environment. We continue to manage our load acceptance rates to optimize contractual volume returns. As we do each quarter, we also repriced a portion of our contract portfolio to reflect the updated cost of purchased transportation. As we repriced the contract portfolio and captured more spot volume, our truckload AGP per mile continued to improve. Q4 marked the fifth consecutive quarter of flat to increasing AGP per mile, which remains above both our five-year and 10-year averages. Truckload AGP per shipment improved by 6% sequentially and by 15% compared to Q4 of 2020. In our LTL business, Q4 AGP per order also improved by 23.5% compared to Q4 of 2020. AGP per mile and AGP per shipment are key metrics that we use to run our NAST business rather than AGP margin percentage, which naturally rises or falls with changing market cycle pricing. For those following AGP margin percentage, it is important to factor in that contractual price changes and lag cause changes in purchase transportation. That is, if or when the market loosens on the back side of the current cycle with greater than half of our truckload volume on fixed price contracts, we would expect to see an expansion of AGP margin percent and dollars as we typically have in past cycles. We continue to focus on overall AGP dollar growth by optimizing volume and AGP per shipment across our service offerings. With our customer-centric focus, strong team and our digital investments, we expect to drive long-term growth and efficiency into our model. Now turning to expenses. Personnel expenses were $420 million, up 35.8% compared to Q4 of last year primarily due to higher incentive compensation costs, higher headcount and the impact of short-term pandemic-related cost reductions in Q4 of last year. On a sequential basis, Q4 personnel expenses were up 5% versus Q3, with ending headcount up 4%. Our Q4 average headcount increased 11.9% compared to Q4 of 2020. Despite the tight labor market, we were able to attract the talent we needed to support continued growth, particularly in Global Forwarding and NAST. Looking back at 2021, in Q2, we began responding to demand that was stronger than expected by adding personnel to support the business. With annual enterprise transportation volume growth of 7.9% versus average headcount growth of 4.2%, we delivered on our goal of growing volume faster than headcount in 2021. In NAST, despite an increased level of hiring in the second half of 2021 to support our future growth expectations, we delivered a 620 basis point favorable spread in our 2021 NAST Productivity Index, which measures the difference between the year-over-year change in NAST volume compared to headcount. Before I get into our guidance for 2022 personnel expenses, let me provide some perspective on our expectations for the year ahead. Similar to the way 2021 played out from Q2 forward, we plan to add more people to support growth opportunities across the business. We expect these additions to be weighted more heavily in the front half of 2022, but still result in growing volume at a greater rate than headcount for the full year. If growth opportunities in the market play out different than we expect, we’ll adjust accordingly. We’re also prioritizing the importance of retaining our talent by increasing base compensation in line with the market in order to maintain high levels of service to our customers and carriers as we value the plus part of our tech plus strategy. In 2022, we expect a year-over-year decrease in our incentive compensation expenses to partially offset the increased headcount and wage pressures. Recall that in 2021, our enterprise performance led to significant equity vesting due to the 70% year-over-year growth in our annual earnings per share and above-target bonus and commissions payouts driven by the 63% increase in pretax income and 31% growth in AGP. Taking all these factors into account and assuming current market conditions, we expect our 2022 personnel expenses to be approximately $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion, up approximately 7% at the midpoint compared to our 2021 total of $1.54 billion. Moving on to SG&A expenses. Q4 was approximately $149 million, up 19.6%, compared to Q4 of 2020 primarily due to higher technology-related purchase services and travel expenses. For 2022, we expect total SG&A expenses to be $550 million to $600 million compared to $526 million for 2021. The approximately 9% increase at the midpoint is primarily due to a higher level of spending on technology initiatives in travel as we expect travel spending to return to approximately half of our pre-pandemic levels. 2022 SG&A expenses are expected to include approximately $100 million of depreciation and amortization, compared to $91 million in 2021. Fourth quarter interest and other expense totaled $18.4 million, up approximately $6.4 million versus Q4 last year due primarily to the impact of currency revaluation. Q4 results included a $6.5 million loss on currency revaluation compared to a $1.1 million gain in Q4 last year. As a reminder, these are non-cash gains and losses. Interest expense was up $1.8 million due to higher level of average debt. Our Q4 tax rate came in at 14.5%, making our 2021 annual tax rate 17.4%, which was lower than our expectations primarily due to a favorable mix of foreign earnings and U.S. tax incentives and credits. We expect to receive less benefit from these items in 2022, resulting in an expected 2022 full year effective tax rate of 19% to 21%, assuming no meaningful changes to federal, state or international tax policy. Q4 net income was $230.1 million, up 56%, compared to Q4 of 2020 and diluted earnings per share was $1.74, up 61%. Turning to cash flow. Q4 cash flow generated by operations was approximately $76 million, compared to $162 million in Q4 of 2020. The $86 million year-over-year decline was primarily due to a $200 million increase in net operating working capital in Q4, compared to a $92 million increase in Q4 of 2020. The Q4 2021 increase resulted from a $279 million sequential increase in accounts receivable and contract assets minus a $79 million increase in total accounts payable, compared to Q3. At some point in the cycle, when the cost of purchase transportation and subsequent pricing come down to their – from their current all-time highs, we would expect a commensurate benefit to working capital and operating cash flow. Accounts receivable and contract assets were up 6.7% sequentially, while total revenue was up 3.8%. The resulting 1.7-day increase in days sales outstanding or DSO was driven primarily by the mix shift associated with higher revenue growth in Global Forwarding, where our DSO runs at approximately double that of our NAST business. From a quality of receivables standpoint, our percent past due and our credit losses both improved compared to Q4 a year ago. Over the long-term, we expect AGP growth to outpace working capital growth. Capital expenditures were $18.4 million in Q4, bringing our full year capital spending to $70.9 million. For 2022, we expect our capital expenditures to be $90 million to $100 million primarily driven by technology investments. We continue to return a significant amount of capital to shareholders, including approximately $223 million in Q4 through a combination of $154.4 million of share repurchases and $68.4 million of dividends. We’ve repurchased approximately 1.6 million shares at an average price of $96.90 per share in Q4. The Board of Directors also increased our share repurchase authorization by an additional 20 million shares in December, resulting in approximately 21.6 million shares of repurchase capacity remaining at year-end. For the full year, we returned $886 million to shareholders, which equates to 105% of our 2021 net income and was up 119%, compared to 2020 when we paused our share repurchase program out of an abundance of caution due to the pandemic. In December, our Board authorized and declared a 7.8% increase to our regular quarterly cash dividend, taking it to $0.55 per share from $0.51 beginning with the quarterly dividend that was paid in January of 2022. We have now distributed uninterrupted dividends without decline for more than 20 years. Over the long-term, we remain committed to our quarterly cash dividend and opportunistic share repurchase program as important levers to enhance shareholder value. Now on to the balance sheet highlights. At the end of Q4, our cash balance was $257 million, up $14 million, compared to Q4 of 2020. Over the long-term, we will continue to look for ways to efficiently repatriate excess cash from foreign entities with the intent of only carrying the cash needed to fund operations. We ended Q4 with $732 million of liquidity comprised of $475 million of committed funding under our credit facility, which matures in October of 2023 and our Q4 cash balance. Our debt balance at year-end was $1.92 billion, up $825 million versus Q4 last year driven primarily by increases in working capital and share repurchases. Our net debt-to-EBITDA leverage at the end of Q4 was 1.42 times compared to 1.39 times at the end of Q3. From a capital allocation standpoint, we continue to be diligent and thoughtful about high-return investments on a risk-adjusted basis as we drive further growth and efficiencies into our model. We remain committed to disciplined capital stewardship, maintaining an investment-grade credit rating and generating sustainable long-term growth in our total shareholder returns. Overall, 2021 was a year of record financial results for Robinson. We look forward to building off of our strong foundation for long-term growth. Thank you for listening this morning. And now, I’ll turn it back over to Bob for his final comments.
Bob Biesterfeld: Thank you, Mike. So while global commerce continues to face supply chain disruption, at C.H. Robinson, our integrated non-asset based business model has demonstrated resilience, growth and profitability through the cycle. We will continue to benefit from our investments while delivering on opportunities to integrate our services to help our customers solve their complex supply chain issues. And our Robinson team, their responsiveness and their ability to provide true value, continues to be a key differentiator in our ability to win in the market. I’m energized by the positive momentum that we’re carrying into 2022. Our company is differentiated by our ability to deliver diversified growth across our intentional combination of modes, services and geographies. As I said before, customers are looking for solutions that span the globe and across all modes. And ocean freight solution alone doesn’t solve the problems that our customers are facing nor is a stand-alone truckload or LTL solution. And one relevant data point that illustrates this is that over half of our 2021 total revenues and approximately half of our 2021 transportation adjusted gross profits came from customers where we provide both surface transportation and global forwarding services. And these top customers keep coming back to us as evidenced by a 99.6% retention rate in our top 500 customers. We are uniquely positioned to orchestrate an end-to-end supply chain success for these customers and help them not only navigate these markets but to succeed in these markets. We’re continuing to invest in smart customer and carrier focused products. And we’re excited about the talent that we’ve added to the team and the runway that we have to launch several new products that we believe will benefit both our customers and carriers as we continue to build out the most connected supply chain platform. So that concludes our prepared comments this morning. And with that, I’ll turn it back to Donna for the live Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Todd Fowler of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Todd Fowler: Great. Thanks and good morning. So I appreciate the comments on thinking about the difference between looking at adjusted gross profit as a percent and then looking at it on a dollar basis. But Bob, can you share with us any thoughts on how you’re expecting adjusted gross profit margins to trend as we move into 2022, given kind of the spread that we’re seeing with buy rates and sell rates and then also your expectations for contract renewals as we move into this year? Thanks.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. Thanks, Todd, and good morning. Our overall adjusted gross profit dollars, either if you look at a per load or per mile, are now kind of above our trailing 10-year and five-year averages. If you peel that back, though, our contractual portfolio is still underperforming our expectations, weighed down by the continued increases in cost of purchase transportation over the course of the past several quarters. And while we’ve continuously been repricing week-over-week, month-over-month, quarter-over-quarter, with the rapid ramp-up in costs over the course of the past few quarters, we simply just haven’t been able to catch up to that in the contractual portfolio. So as we entered the year this year, the markets remained tight in North American Surface Transportation. In January, the first couple of weeks were a lot of things out of alignment, all-time high load-to-truck ratios in the first couple of weeks, moderating a bit in the past two weeks but still at high levels. Our anticipation is that this market, if it doesn’t cool, it should at least level off. As we think about pricing in the contract market in 2022, we think it’s kind of a low single-digit inflationary environment but still remaining tight. So we see that as a positive for us. We will be aggressively repricing through the cycle here in the first quarter and beyond. And once we start to get some moderation and the increases of cost of purchased transportation that should really help the profitability of our overall contract portfolio while also continuing to allow us to participate and win in the spot market and a continued tightening environment. So we see very favorable conditions moving forward.
Todd Fowler: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Hey, great. Thanks, good morning. Wanted to touch on operating costs, probably in both segments, NAST and Global Forwarding. But maybe zeroing in on NAST here. Just wanted to get a sense of maybe how we see this trending out? I know there’s a goal to grow volume more than heads. It looks like at least on the NAST side that maybe that wasn’t accomplished in the fourth quarter. Can you talk a little bit about kind of what happened from a cost perspective in the quarter and then maybe how we see that progressing? I know you’ve given full year guidance, but maybe if you can kind of think about the first half that would be helpful.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes, let me take that. So obviously, operating expense personnel is the primary driver. When you look at NAST, as 2021 unfolded, we saw opportunity for growth probably starting in Q2 that was greater than our expectations going into the year and began to staff up to help support that growth, primarily operations-related roles. And that was really to aid the business, and you should expect to see us continue to do that. Where we see opportunities for growth, we’ll commit resources and headcount to deliver on that growth. And conversely, if the growth opportunities don’t pan out, we’ll adjust accordingly. When you look at NAST personnel expense in Q4, we grew about 300 basis points more than the enterprise grew in NAST. And the drivers are really three. So incentive costs were high for 2021. In NAST, equity, for example, was about 3 times the expense in 2021 for the year than it was in 2020. That represents about 10% to 15% of the total comp. But it’s averaged quite a bit lower, and that was really driven by enterprise results, which were driven by GF. So as you can imagine, when the enterprise is performing on an EPS growth basis, the costs that come in equity are also allocated back to our NAST business. Bonus expenses in NAST were up about 75% to 80%. And those are driven by the performance in pretax operating income on the business for the year and also for the enterprise to some extent. And then commissions were up about 20% or a little more than 20%. And that goes along with the AGP growth that you saw on the business. The second primary driver is headcount. I talked about that a little bit. For Q4 at NAST, the average headcount was up about 7.5% to a little over 7,000 employees. And for the year – or let’s say, for the quarter, I’ll remind you that we did have one less operating day. So, volume growth in truckload for NAST in the quarter was higher than our average headcount growth in the quarter slightly. The third area was the fact that if you remember back to a year ago, we had done some short-term cost savings initiatives related to the pandemic. The primary impact on Q4 last year was the suspension of the match to our retirement savings plans in the United States and Canada. And so this year, with those restored, we had a year-over-year increase in expense for NAST as well. Those are the primary drivers on NAST.
Bob Biesterfeld: Mike, I want to just pile on a little bit if I can, too. And the year-over-year increase in personnel expense in NAST too, I think that we realized as we were going through the pandemic and the onset of pandemic in 2020, we cut pretty deep in terms of headcount in NAST in third quarter through furloughs and things of that nature. And in retrospect, we likely cycled some growth through those actions that we took to reduce headcount to the levels that we did. So some of this is adding back, getting back to those levels and a little bit ahead in order to ensure that we’ve got the appropriate number of capacity reps and operations reps to deliver the service our customers expect and to ensure that we’re not cycling growth artificially by – really artificially constraining headcount against the opportunity.
Chris Wetherbee: Okay. That’s super helpful. And just in terms of how quickly maybe some of that unwinds, particularly some of the incentive comp stuff in 2022.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. From an incentive comp standpoint, we expect to go right back to a target level, and that will adjust as the year unfolds based on results. And we would expect our – the ability to adjust headcount would be aligned with the way incentive performance will go as well.
Bob Biesterfeld: And Chris, I’ll just add one more – I’ll add more point, Chris. While we don’t, as you all know, provide guidance around revenue or EPS, based on what Mike just shared around kind of the go forward on personnel, specific to NAST, we do expect to see operating margins improve next year in a meaningful way off of from where they finished in 2021 even with that incremental potential expense.
Chris Wetherbee: Great. Thank you very much. Appreciated.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ken Hoexter of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Great. Yes, I appreciate that digging into the cost there. I think that’s really key. But maybe just flipping over to the top line. Your, I guess, net margins, your pricing gap shrunk to about 50 basis points to 18.5 versus your 18 costs versus 100 basis points last quarter when the market kind of stayed strong. Can you maybe talk about what you saw accelerating? Or did your ability to price relative to those costs decelerate? Just want to understand kind of the market outlook there.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. I mean, without going too deep week by week through the quarter, Ken, we definitely did see markets tighten on the back half of December around the holidays. It felt like a lot of drivers – this is anecdotal, but it feels like a lot of drivers took the last couple of weeks off, if you will. And so there are some really tight market conditions around the holiday. They really influenced the upward swing in cost of purchase transportation there. But yes, to your point, the spread did moderate a bit from Q3 to Q4, but still favorable in terms of positive spread for us. Our net revenue per mile and looking at that continued to improve throughout the quarter every quarter in 2021. And it’s a metric that we’ll continue to look at. And through getting back a little bit more healthy in that contractual portfolio, we see the opportunity to continue to drive expansion there.
Ken Hoexter: So is that something you see accelerate? I just want to understand, I mean, because given this market, it seemed to stay strong. I get that it tightened at the end, but wouldn’t your pricing have adjusted for that, given the strength of the market on the pricing side?
Bob Biesterfeld: I’m looking at a chart here of the last six quarters and year-over-year cost change of 16.5, 32.5, 33.5, 47.5, 26 and 18, it's pretty tough to say ahead of those things when they’re moving that quickly when you’ve got over half of your portfolio tied into contractual longer-term commitments. And so if you think about our spot market business, we certainly stayed ahead of those, and we were agile, moved with the moving market. But when you’re kind of selling long and buying short, if you will, in the contractual business, it’s hard to catch up there. And so given the fact that we think pricing will moderate on a year-over-year basis in 2022, we would expect to be able to get ahead of that and stay ahead of that.
Ken Hoexter: All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey thanks. Good morning. So you guys gave us some pretty specific cost guidance. There must be some underlying net revenue assumption within that. So maybe directionally, can you talk about what that is? If net – if costs are up 7% or so based on the guidance, is net revenue up more or less than that? And then, Bob, just big picture, when I look at NAST net operating margins, when you guys first started reporting them, they were at 45%. They're now at 33%. I think they've only gone up once in the last six years. How should we think about these net operating margins going forward?
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. Appreciate the question. I'll start with the net operating margins. And you're right. I mean, if you look at the past seven years, the average is still 40.1%, but they have declined from the first year we reported to you today. Yeah, 2019 was the last year that we achieved in excess of 40% in our net operating margin. I think 40.2% was the year-end in 2019. Mike talked about some of the specific drags in the short term. But we still have a very firm belief that we can deliver 40% net operating margins in that NAST business. Mike stayed very focused on the cost side of it; I can build a bit more on that or add some more color. But the drag on our contractual portfolio of our customers on the truckload side has been equal to or greater for us. If we get – "get that contractual portfolio right," it does more than offset the majority of the cost increases that Mike referenced there. So as we think about next year and how do we get at or closer to that 40% operating margin, it's about getting the health and the profitability back in the contractual marketplace, the contractual book of business. Mike talked about the increase in equity expense. If I compare 2019 to 2021, just using kind of that as a baseline, the last time we were at 40%, net-net, 80% of the increased personnel expense amassed over that two-year period is really tied to that performance, the increase in performance-based equity. And we see that coming back in next year to an extent. If you go back into SG&A, one of the areas that will stay with us is incremental investments that we've made into warehousing. It's not material per se. But as we get further into consolidation and cross-border, that is going to continue to be a part of the SG&A moving forward. We think that, that's a good business for us. And then the other piece that I would maybe mention is just the technology investment. It's obviously been part of the headline over the course of the past several years. But that's another part of the SG&A investment of NAST that had a drag on operating margins over the course of the past couple of years, and we've talked through how investment comes before return in these programs. And you heard from Arun and the approach that we're undertaking there in tech and product development. We expect moving forward the benefits of these technology investments to start to compound, which will also offset some of that cost. So the keys are grow volume ahead of the rate we have the past couple of years, improve the profitability of the contractual portfolio, increase the pace of delivery of tech resources that drive growth and efficiency and then just benefits through some of the cyclical things like decreased cost of equity and performance compensation based on how those cycled in 2021. So we see a path to get there. It's going to take some work, but we still believe in that as being the right target.
Scott Group: So just to follow-up, so if it was 33% last year, I mean directionally, does it get better? Does it get worse? Any target? And then the first part of my question was just about you must have some net revenue assumption based on your cost guidance. So if you have some directional thoughts there.
Bob Biesterfeld: We expect that – Scott, we expect that operating margins in the NAST business are going to improve next year. Whether we get back to the 40% next year is TBD, but we're certainly pushing hard in that direction. We're not going to give a full guidance on revenues. But just know that we expect operating margins to improve. We've given you some forecast on costs. You can draw your own conclusions on our assumptions on revenues there.
Scott Group: Okay. Thank, you guys.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. Thanks Scott.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jordan Alliger of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jordan Alliger: I was wondering if you could give a little more color or detail around where you are on your tech spending/rollout. And specifically, I know in the near-term, there's been a lot of hiring needs. But specifically, I know in the medium to long term, there is sort of all the talk about leveraging the technology, need less headcount that need less people going forward to – that was sort of the positive of doing more of the digital strategy. So maybe give some high-level thoughts on the tech side and when you think that you could really start to see the leverage from that relative to how you could drive EBIT in North America Surface Transport. Thanks.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. I'll try to answer at a high level, and then I'll ask Arun to chip in a little bit here. In Slide 12 of our deck, I think we outlined some key things that we drove in terms of change of behavior, capabilities and different ways of working this year, inclusive of driving $875 million in truckload revenue through our algorithmic digital pricing engine, right? That's a big transformation for us in terms of our ability to connect to customers electronically give them real-time pricing. It allows us to generate tens of thousands of quotes so that we can increase our win rates, drive profitability that the utilization and integration through TMS and ERP was up over 200% last year, close to 200% last year. The automated bookings, obviously, a big conversation about the ability to automatically for carriers to engage with us, book freight on our platform. Over 1 million, 1.2 million automated bookings last year, up 65% year-over-year. And then to your question too, Jordan, on kind of the shipments per person per day or the decoupling of headcount from volume growth, even though that shipment per person per day metric that we include on Slide 8 of our deck has come down in the past couple of quarters, we're still ahead of where we were in the 2018-2019 period of time. Still demonstrated a positive 620 basis point spread there this year for NAST. And as we move towards more of a product-led organization, we do expect to deliver faster in a more lean manner and eventually take costs out of that process. I don't know, Arun, if you would add?
Arun Rajan: Yes. I would just say that we're – the level of rigor we're applying in terms of the data and research we're using to inform our investments as it relates to any of the above that Bob talked about, as an example, automated bookings to drive up productivity of our employees. The idea is like we have a toolkit for our employees. They have their current ways of booking loads, but we also want to create a much more robust self-serve capability for our carriers. So if you can drive more automation through that channel, which we will as we sort of take a more rigorous approach, anchoring on sort of science, engineering and digital marketing all coming together to drive that, we should see some improvements.
Bob Biesterfeld: And Jordan, obviously, not lost on us that as we've been making these investments for the past couple of years that ultimately, we expect to have positive impacts to operating margins. And we haven't realized those in the past couple of years. But we do anticipate that we're on the right path and that ultimately, this is going to drive greater efficiency, greater productivity, greater market share growth and ultimately greater returns than NAST, which leads to greater shareholder value.
Jordan Alliger: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jack Atkins of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins: Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So Bob, I guess going back to the productivity comments earlier on Slide 8. I guess when you think about that chart and how it's trended, a lot of moving pieces there. But do you feel like what we're seeing today is more representative of sort of the – more of a steady-state run rate of the improvements that you've been making from a productivity perspective? Or really, is it more like what we're seeing in the first half of 2021? And I guess as sort of a tag on to that, you talked about the rollout of these enhancements to your carrier booking platform. I know there was some news in the press yesterday about that getting delayed a bit. Do you think that can provide a step-function change to overall system productivity, would be curious to sort of learn more about that? Thank you.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. So we – the chart on Slide 8 is, obviously, a backwards-looking chart. Our goal with that is, obviously, to make that continue to go up into the right and to continue to drive that spread between NAST productivity between headcount and volume growth. But we can't have that be the only metric, right? Ultimately, we've got to drive top line volume growth, top line AGP growth and bottom line returns for our shareholders. The piece that came out yesterday, unfortunately, that piece lacked completeness of information and context, but we feel really good about the product that we'll bring to market this week, the personalization that will come and allow our carriers to interact with us even more effectively. Arun, I don't know if you'd add color?
Arun Rajan: Yes. I think it's back to our – the one thing I would say is that it's not meant to be a big bang step function type of approach, right? I mean, we're wiring together our science and engineering in a more meaningful way to drive personalization and recommendations for our carriers, and we will see improvement. We'll have to study the data and use that to iterate, and Bob talked about a lean approach that we'll be taking. So we'll see improvements, but it's a – but it will be – it's not a step-function improvement. You shouldn't expect that. And so I think it was mischaracterized in some of the press.
Bob Biesterfeld: And I would add too to that, Jack that what was maybe characterized in that piece around us one, to eliminate the other using tech to eliminate people. I think Arun said earlier, our goal is to provide the most comprehensive suite of truckload matching solutions, whether it be via our people, via technology, integrating with our customers, integrating with our carriers and just create greater liquidity in the marketplace. So everybody wins. And that's really the goal. But it's going to be through and with our people for sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes, good morning. Bob, I wanted to get a bit more of your sense of how you expect C.H. to perform in the market. I think – and how that ties to your headcount additions. I think it seems pretty fair to say 2021 was a pretty strong market for brokerage. And I think on your volume growth in truckload, you probably underperformed the market. It sounds like when you're adding headcount, you're probably looking at maybe outperforming the brokerage market in 2022. Is that the right way to view it? And just how do we tie that, I guess, the headcount additions in NAST to how optimistic we should be on volume?
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. So if we think back to the first quarter of 2021, we had a belief in how the year was going to shape out. And I certainly don't say that we called the dramatic increase in pricing, but we certainly thought that the market was going to continue to tighten, and that pricing was going to increase throughout the course of the year. And that position at the time in first quarter of last year was a little bit different than how many shippers were thinking about it, how many of our competitors were thinking about it. So we started out kind of digging out of a pretty big hole in the first quarter, where our volumes are down mid- to high single digits. And since then, we've recovered and kind of be on that in that mid-single digits volume growth range through the balance of the year. Looking forward, we feel like we've got some wind in our sales right now with three consecutive quarters of both AGP improvement in our truckload business, volume improvement in our truckload business, and doing that in a market where I'll use the DAT load-to-truck ratio is just kind of a market indicator. Growing volume and AGP improvement in an environment of a tight truck market like we've seen, honestly, you kind of have to go back in time a little bit within our model to see that happen on a consistent basis. Typically, over the course of the past five years or so, Robinson has grown their volume at the highest levels in times where markets were loose, not necessarily where they were tight. So one of the things that I've talked about in the past few years is getting us to a point where we can grow volume through cycles, right? Grow volume not only in the loose markets, but also in the tight markets by having that balanced focus on both our contractual portfolio and our transactional portfolio. So three quarters doesn't necessarily make a trend. Obviously, we've got some easier comparisons last year into this. But looking into 2022, we expect to continue to build on the momentum that we have in growing volume on a year-over-year basis. We believe that the health of the contractual portfolio will continue to get better as we reprice in a more moderate inflationary price environment. And we think the market will be tight and still allow us to benefit in the spot market. So we see a pretty favorable construct for 2022 for our NAST truckload business.
Tom Wadewitz: Okay. But just to make sure I understand, you think it's actually a better environment for you to grow volume when the market stabilizes a bit. So you might have better volume growth or better opportunity for volume growth in 2022 than in 2021?
Bob Biesterfeld: I believe that given the balance of our portfolio between both spot and contract, kind of the 55/45 that we've leveled out at, periods of extended tightness in the market we do very well at in terms of volume growth and revenue growth.
Tom Wadewitz: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jeff Kauffman of Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you very much. I just want to go back to the cash flow and return on capital deployment question. Clearly, you're levered to a level that you're comfortable with. Given your view of improvement in the market and returns, what are your thoughts on capital priorities? I know you've raised CapEx a little bit; you're going to be spending a little bit more on tech. But – and you mentioned the 20 million share reauthorization. But in terms of the free cash deployment, how are you thinking about that split?
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. So on free cash flow, clearly when we're operating in an environment where we have rising costs and, therefore, rising prices in our business model where we get paid slower than we pay, we're absorbing working capital and that's impacting free cash flow. As I pointed out, we've seen record highs here now for five straight quarters. So that's a lot of absorption of working capital. As the market pricing stabilizes or comes down, that is going to be an inflection point for our free cash flow. And we'll start to see that working capital come back to us proportionate to how the market changes. So that's a little bit about free cash flow as it relates to working capital. Now capital priorities; we do have a strong balance sheet. We have maintained leverage down. We're about 1.4 times on a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio here this past quarter. We've got a little bit of room for additional leverage. [Indiscernible] And that took our leverage down a little bit lower than we normally would have operated. But our goal is to maintain investment-grade credit rating and in doing so, we do have a little bit of room on leverage to take that up. As far as priorities, the top priority for us is investment in projects on our business with great returns on a risk-adjusted basis. We've got a lot of good ideas that we can execute on, those close-in opportunities that you're hearing about on tech in other areas of the business in NAST and Global Forwarding, we'll continue to operate on. The M&A market is also – quite a bit of activity there. While borrowing costs are going up, they're still low relative to historic averages. Where we see an opportunity there, we'd certainly participate. We've talked about that. And we're committed to our dividend. We're committed to growing our dividend with long-term EBITDA. And of course, we return share – value to shareholders through our opportunistic share repurchase program as well. So hopefully, that gets to all the elements of your question.
Jeff Kauffman: Yes. Just to follow-up, to your point, about an $860 million use of cash this year for working capital. I mean, that's extraordinary. So normally, when a business grows, you're a net user of working capital. You would say that it is not impossible that as you manage this and customers pay and this balance comes back down, working capital could actually be a source of cash in 2022? Or is that more of a wait and see?
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. I mean, it's certainly a possibility. And when you break out the growth of the business – excuse me, of course, the growth related to volume will be an absorbing part of working capital. But the thing that has been most dramatic on our business over the past year is the impact of the pricing increases on accounts receivable driven by the growth in the Global Forwarding business. And so when or if that pricing stabilizes or declines, it will absolutely create a source of cash for us for working capital.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We're showing time for one last question today. Our final question will be coming from Bascome Majors of Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Bascome Majors: Yes, thanks for taking my questions. Sequentially, NAST profits were flattish quarter-over-quarter despite net revenue being up, and forwarding was down quarter-on-quarter on flat net revenue. I know you don't guide it internally, but I'm curious if these were below or in line with your internal expectations?
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes, we – you're right, Bascome. We don't guide, but your assessment on the business is fairly accurate. I mean, the Forwarding business, if I think about their overall adjusted gross profits, they grew from Q1 to Q2 and Q2 to Q3. And like I said, relatively stable three to four and – or I'm sorry, Forwarding was relatively stable really through the back half of the year. We feel like we're in a solid place right now in both of those divisions in terms of where the revenue stands. We take the first – at least the first half of this year in Forwarding, the market conditions look pretty similar. And beyond that, it's a little bit probably too early to call. And we think the market is set up really favorably in 2022 for our NAST business.
Bascome Majors: Yes. And Bob, if I could just squeeze one final one in. From the Board perspective, you recently announced a bit of a refresh with two members stepping down, and a bylaw's changed to move any contested election to a plurality vote from a majority vote. Can you give us some perspective on that and perhaps a little bit of the short list on the skills or experience you're looking for in the new Board members? Thank you.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. The announcement in the 8-K earlier last week was really all about continuing – continued focus on good corporate governance. The bylaw change was something that we have been considering for quite some time. It's a bit more of a shareholder-friendly bylaw. So we did want to announce that change with the departure of both Wayne and Brian, who have been long-standing members of our Board. Both Wayne and Brian have been with us for about 19, 20 years on the Board. They've been great directors; have helped guide this company through a lot of change. But through best practices and corporate governance and with our own kind of Board refresh standards, it was time to make those announcements and open it up for a couple of new directors to join Robinson. And so without going deep into our skills matrix and kind of how we think about that from a Board governance standpoint, we have been actively engaged with the firm. We've got a really nice list of candidates on the slate right now that we're talking to actively that we think could be great additions as directors that are going to be closely aligned with shareholder value creation and bring skills to the Board that can help us to be even more successful in the future.
Bascome Majors: Thank you.
Bob Biesterfeld: Thank you. Appreciated Bascome.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn it back over to you, gentlemen, for any closing comments.
Chuck Ives: That concludes today's earnings call. Thank you everyone for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you again. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation and interest in C.H. Robinson. You may disconnect your lines or log off the webcast at this time, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Third Quarter 2021 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Tuesday, October 26, 2021.
 I would now like to turn this conference over to Chuck Ives, Director of Investor Relations. 
Charles Ives: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today is Bob Biesterfeld, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mike Zechmeister, our Chief Financial Officer. Bob and Mike will provide a summary of our 2021 third quarter results, and then we will open up the call for live questions. Our earnings presentation slides are supplemental to our earnings release and can be found in the Investors section of our website at investor.chrobinson.com.
 Our prepared comments are not intended to follow the slides. If we do refer to specific information on any of the slides, we will first let you know which slide we're referencing. I'd also like to remind you that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. Slide 2 in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management's expectations.
 And with that, I'll turn the call over to Bob. 
Robert Biesterfeld: Thank you, Chuck, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. The third quarter was another quarter of progress and strong execution, resulting in record quarterly financial results. The trajectory of our business is heading in the right direction as we continue to leverage our tech plus strategy to help customers navigate through an extremely challenging and capacity-constrained environment, which we expect to continue. Demand for our global suite of services and for the benefit of our powerful technology platform continues to be strong, and the digitization efforts continue to take hold and be ingrained in an increasing percentage of our business.
 In our North American truckload business, we've made steady progress in a sustained tight capacity environment. Through the continued repricing of our contractual portfolio and higher volumes of spot business, our adjusted gross profit or AGP per truckload returned to our 5-year average. And our AGP per mile in Q3 exceeded both our 5-year and 10-year averages. We accomplished this while growing our truckload volume 4.5% year-over-year and 3.5% on a sequential basis.
 Within the quarter, we saw an acceleration of truckload volume per business day in each month of the quarter, with 7% year-over-year growth in September, and that growth trend has continued into October. For the quarter, NAST truckload grew AGP by $83 million or 36% year-over-year through a 4.5% increase in volume and a 30% increase in AGP per load. This included a 14% increase in spot market volume year-over-year due in part to an 85% increase in volume that was driven through our proprietary dynamic pricing engine, which is now on pace to generate $1 billion in spot truckload freight for the year. Nearly half of our spot or transactional business was priced via integration with our dynamic pricing engine in the third quarter, delivering real-time pricing capacity assurance from the largest network of truckload capacity in North America.
 We closed the quarter with an approximate mix of 60% contractual volume and 40% transactional volume, which is consistent with our mix in the year ago period. Our average truckload line-haul cost per mile paid to our carriers, excluding fuel surcharges, increased 26% compared to the third quarter of last year. Our average line-haul rate billed to our customers, again, excluding fuel surcharges, increased 27% year-over-year. This resulted in the highest cost and price per mile on record, and a 33% year-over-year increase in our NAST truckload adjusted gross profit per mile. This, combined with a 2% decrease in the average length of haul, resulted in a 30% increase in AGP per truckload.
 During the quarter, we saw routing guide depth of tender in our Managed Services business increase slightly from 1.6 in June to 1.7 in September, indicating a slight deterioration of shipper routing guide performance during the quarter. Given the current structural constraints around expansion of truckload supply, coupled with the continued strong demand as we head into the holiday season, we expect capacity to remain tight, and we expect to perform well in that environment with over half of our contractual truckload business stated to reprice in the fourth quarter of this year and the first quarter of next.
 During the third quarter, we continued our effort to expand our carrier network, and we launched an effort to recognize truck drivers for their extraordinary efforts, and we had incredible engagement. This led to a new record of 9,500 new carrier sign-ups and increased utilization of our carrier technology and apps. Our NAST LTL business grew adjusted gross profits by $14 million or 12% year-over-year. This was delivered through a 1% increase in volume and a 10.5% increase in adjusted gross profit per order. This increase in volume was on top of a 13.5% volume growth in the comparable quarter last year. Overall demand in the LTL market remains strong, driven by growth in e-commerce, resulting in capacity remaining at a premium. Our value proposition in LTL continues to resonate with shippers of all sizes across multiple industry verticals.
 Turning now to our Global Forwarding business. The third quarter was our sixth consecutive quarter of strong year-over-year growth in total revenues, AGP and operating income. Based on low inventory to sales ratios and the robust pipeline of business from new and existing customers, we believe the strength in this business will continue into 2022.
 In our ocean forwarding business, we grew our adjusted gross profit by $126 million or 142% year-over-year. This came through a 12% increase in shipments and a 116% increase in adjusted gross profit per shipment. Demand continues to be stronger than what the overall industry can meet with limited vessel and container capacity. And although some ports are working to implement expanded operating hours, other market constraints such as the shortage of truck drivers, drainage capacity and inland warehouse space continue to be bottlenecks, and port congestion is likely to continue into 2022.
 Our forwarding team has done a great job of strengthening our carrier relationships and procuring incremental capacity to best serve our customers as well as working with shippers to better plan their shipping needs and to consider ultimate modes or ports.
 Finally, our international air freight business delivered adjusted gross profit growth of $26 million or 76% year-over-year. This was driven by a 51% increase in metric tons shipped and a 17% increase in adjusted gross profit per metric ton. Demand for air freight remains incredibly strong, partially driven by continued conversions of some ocean freight to air. Air freight capacities continue to be strained and we continue to position charter flight capacity to support demand from both new and existing customers.
 The forwarding team is continuing to add new commercial relationships with strategic multinational customers that are leading to increased award sizes while also ensuring that our existing customers have access to the capacity that they need to meet their needs. Our customers and our results are benefiting from the investments that we've made in digitization, data and analytics as well as our global network that's supporting our expanded geographical and vertical presence. We believe that these strategies and competitive advantages of C.H. Robinson will enable us to create more value for customers and in turn, win more business, sustain the market share gains that we've achieved and deliver solid returns for our shareholders.
 Our digital investments continue to deliver customer value and unlock growth in new and exciting ways. The latest example of this is our introduction of Market Rate IQ during the quarter. This brings pricing transparency to shippers by allowing them to compare their rates to the market averages and then using the information advantage of C.H. Robinson break down their rates to see potential savings opportunities. When we bring these Robinson Labs innovations to the market, we see increased engagement with our customers, higher win rates with those customers that are truly realizing the value from these new products. As I mentioned earlier, the amount of volume that's being delivered through our real-time dynamic pricing tools has grown significantly. Enabling these digital connections improves efficiencies for our customers, improves our response time for quote requests and improves our win rates.
 We also continue to add digital connections with our customers at an accelerated pace with 100 new customers connected via TMS and ERP connections in the third quarter of 2021. The number of daily and monthly average users across our customer and carrier-facing platforms also continues to grow. With 24% year-over-year growth in daily average users of our carrier platforms as we continue to deliver new capabilities and benefits to our carriers through both the web and mobile versions of Navisphere Carrier and Driver. During the quarter, we had over 340,000 fully automated bookings in our NAST truckload business, which was an increase of nearly 80% year-over-year.
 And finally, as it relates to productivity, we've again highlighted a couple of key metrics for NAST in our earnings presentation. During the third quarter, we invested in hiring and building our bench to support growth. On a year-to-date basis, we continue to show year-over-year improvement productivity, as indicated by the 880-point favorable spread in our NAST productivity index, which represents the difference between the year-over-year change in NAST volume and the change in NAST headcount. Shipments per person per day is another metric that clearly shows the relationship between the timing of our increased digital investments and the impact to NAST productivity with an over 25% increase in productivity since the beginning of the increased investment period.
 We are encouraged with the progress that we're making on our digital investments and the impacts that these investments are delivering to our customers, for our carriers and the impact to our overall results. Across our global suite of services, we believe that our tech plus strategy that combines our tailored market-leading technology solutions with our global network of logistics experts and an information advantage created from our scale and our data is the right strategy and one that is aligned to the needs of our shippers and partners as we help them to navigate these highly disrupted markets and deliver for their customers.
 I'll now turn the call to Mike to review the specifics of our third quarter financial performance. 
Michael Zechmeister: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. As Bob mentioned, we delivered another quarter of record financial results in Q3, driven by strong performance in a favorable market as we continue to execute on our tech plus strategy.
 Our total company revenue increased 48% over Q3 last year, and our adjusted gross profit, or AGP, was up 43%. Increased AGP was driven by both volume and AGP per shipment across ocean, air, truckload and LTL. Total company AGP also improved by 13% sequentially and 33% over the pre-pandemic quarter of Q3 2019.
 On a monthly basis compared to 2020, our total company AGP per business day improved in each sequential month of the quarter and was up 51% in July, up 39% in August and up 40% in September. For the fifth consecutive quarter, prices and costs rose across our North American truckload business with cost per mile and price per mile each reaching new highs in each month of Q3 due to the persisting supply-demand imbalance. Our NAST team navigated through this environment by continuing to grow spot volume, which was up approximately 14% year-over-year in Q3, marking the fifth quarter of double-digit spot market volume growth.
 Within our contractual freight business, where Q3 volume was flat, we continued to selectively reprice the portfolio to reflect the ever-increasing cost of purchased transportation in this market. As Bob mentioned, our Q3 truckload AGP per mile is now above both our 5-year and 10-year averages. AGP per mile and AGP per load are key metrics in our truckload business rather than an AGP margin percentage, which naturally rises or falls with the changing market cycle pricing. For those following AGP margin percentage, if or when the market loosens within the current cycle, with the greater than 2/3 of our truckload volume on 12-month contracts, we would expect to see AGP margin percent expansion as we typically have in the past.
 We continue to focus on overall AGP dollar growth by optimizing volume and AGP per shipment across our service offerings. With enhanced customer focus and digital investments, we expect to drive long-term growth and efficiency into our model.
 Now turning to expenses. Q3 personnel expenses were $399.9 million, up 32% compared to Q3 of last year, primarily due to higher incentive compensation costs and the impact of short-term pandemic-related cost reductions in Q3 of last year. Our Q3 average headcount increased 7.1% compared to Q3 last year. Despite the tight labor market, we successfully hired the talent we need to support our growth expectations, particularly in Global Forwarding and NAST.
 Given the increase in incentive compensation resulting from our profit expectations for 2021 and the additional headcount, we now expect 2021 personnel expenses to be in the $1.5 billion to $1.55 billion range, which is up from our prior expectations of $1.42 billion to $1.48 billion.
 Q3 SG&A expenses of $133.5 million were up 13% compared to Q3 of 2020, primarily due to the impact of short-term pandemic-related cost reductions in Q3 of last year. We continue to expect 2021 total SG&A expenses to be approximately $0.5 billion, including approximately $90 million to $95 million of depreciation and amortization.
 Our Q3 income from operations was a quarterly record at $310.8 million, up 85% versus Q3 last year, and our adjusted operating margin of 36.8% was up 820 basis points compared to last year and up 510 basis points from the pre-pandemic quarter of Q3 2019.
 Third quarter interest and other expense totaled $16.7 million, up approximately $9.2 million versus Q3 last year due primarily to the impact of currency revaluation. Q3 results included a $3.8 million loss on currency revaluation compared to a $3.3 million gain in Q3 last year. Interest expense was also up $1.2 million due to the higher average debt balance.
 Our Q3 tax rate came in at 16.0%, our second lowest tax rate on record, which was only eclipsed by the 15.1% rate from Q3 last year. This year's Q3 rate was lower than our expectations, primarily due to the favorable mix of foreign earnings and U.S. tax incentives. We are now expecting our 2021 full year effective tax rate to be 18% to 19% compared to our prior estimate of 20% to 22%.
 Q3 net income was $247.1 million, up 81% compared to Q3 last year, and diluted earnings per share was a quarterly record at $1.85, up 85% versus Q3 last year.
 Turning to cash flow. Q3 cash flow used by operations was approximately $74 million compared to $169 million used in Q3 last year. Sequentially, cash flow from operations declined by $223 million, driven primarily by a $679 million sequential increase in accounts receivable and contract assets, and partially offset by a $267 million increase in total accounts payable and the $247 million in net income. In Q3, accounts receivable and contract assets were up 19.6% sequentially, while total revenue was up 13.2%. The resulting 3.9 day increase in days sales outstanding, or DSO, was driven primarily by the mix shift associated with higher revenue growth in Global Forwarding where our DSO runs approximately double that of our NAST business.
 While our accounts receivable balance has grown, we are not seeing quality issues as our percentage past due and credit losses have both improved compared to our 3-year averages. Over the long term, we expect AGP growth to outpace working capital growth. Capital expenditures were $22.7 million in Q3, up from $15.2 million in Q3 last year. We now expect our technology-driven 2021 capital expenditures to be $70 million to $80 million, up from our previous expectation of $55 million to $65 million.
 We returned approximately $237 million of cash to shareholders in Q3 through a combination of $168 million of share repurchases and $69 million of dividends. That level of cash returned to shareholders represents a 230% increase versus Q3 last year when we were not repurchasing shares out of an abundance of caution due to the pandemic. During Q3 this year, we repurchased approximately 1.9 million shares at an average price of $90.58. At the end of Q3, we had approximately 3.2 million shares of capacity remaining on our 15 million share repurchase authorization from May of 2018.
 Our cash balance at the end of Q3 was $203 million, down $41 million compared to Q3 of 2020, and we continue to work down our cash balance through efficient repatriation of excess cash from foreign entities with the end goal of carrying only the cash we need to fund operations. We ended Q3 with $571 million of liquidity comprised of $368 million of committed funding under our credit facility, which matures in October of '23, and our Q3 cash balance. Our debt balance at quarter end was $1.73 billion, up $633 million versus Q3 last year, driven primarily by increased working capital and share repurchases.
 Our net debt-to-EBITDA leverage at the end of Q3 was 1.39x, up sequentially from 1.25x at the end of Q2. From a capital allocation standpoint, we continue to be committed to disciplined capital stewardship, maintaining an investment-grade credit rating and generating sustainable long-term growth in our total shareholder returns.
 Overall, our NAST team made progress towards our truckload volume growth expectations. As you saw in Q3, the percentage increase in price per mile was higher than the percent increase in cost per mile for the first time in 9 quarters. While there is no telling where the market is headed, inflections like we saw in Q3 have historically led to periods with our highest AGP margins.
 The Global Forwarding team continued to generate significant earnings while building on a solid foundation for future growth. The expanded global team, with upgraded tech and more uniform operations across the globe, is now onboarding its strongest pipeline of new customers.
 Thank you for listening this afternoon. And I'll turn the call back over to Bob now for his final comments. 
Robert Biesterfeld: Thanks, Mike. I'll take a couple of minutes here and wrap up our prepared comments before we turn it back to the operator for our live Q&A.
 I believe that our results once again this quarter continue to demonstrate that our model is working and that our strategy is sound. There's no question that we're in a time of unprecedented supply chain disruption across the globe that reaches virtually every mode of transportation. I believe that Robinson continues to be uniquely positioned to help customers not only navigate this environment, but to succeed in this environment.
 None of us know exactly when this cycle is going to begin to turn or how long it will last. But with everything that we see today, we believe that this cycle will, in fact, extend due to the global constraints around adding capacity and labor while demand remains strong. I certainly don't believe that having 70 ships anchored in Los Angeles is by any stretch the new normal, but I also don't see us reverting to a market resembling 2019 anytime soon.
 As referenced on Slide 3 of our earnings deck, one of the pillars of our tech plus strategy is our people. Our customers continue to tell us that our team around the globe are the people that they rely on. As I said before, I believe that the people at Robinson is the most capable team of supply chain experts in the world. And I'm incredibly proud of how this team has continued to help thousands of customers navigate this environment while also delivering record financial results for our shareholders.
 These past couple of years have been stressful times to work in a supply chain. In many parts of the world, we continue to work in a primarily remote environment. We're certainly hopeful to start getting more people back in the office into a hybrid model as soon as we begin to see the Delta variant begin to fade. Solving for the complexities of today's supply chain issues is not a 9 to 5 job, it's 24/7/365. And I want to again recognize and thank our people for the great work that they're doing.
 In a time where labor participation rates are low and companies across the globe are challenged to have team members, we were able to grow the size of our team to support our customers and to fuel our future growth. People are choosing to join Robinson today because of the strength of our global brand and the opportunities that we offer for both personal and professional growth.
 As I close out my prepared remarks, I'd like to reference Slide 6 in our earnings deck. For those of you that have been following us for a while, you know that a decade ago or so, we were primarily known as a North American truckload brokerage company. In 2012, we had a belief that, strategically, it would be important for our future to have a more balanced portfolio of services. We believe at that time that supply chains will continue to become more global, and that if we have a strong Global Forwarding business to complement our industry-leading North American Surface Transportation business, we can really hold a unique position in the marketplace and bring a more comprehensive solution to life for our customers, which would in turn drive growth by connecting supply chains across the globe.
 We also believe that if we execute in that effectively, we can create a business with operating margins in line with other industry-leading forwarders that could help us to offset some of the cyclicality in our core truckload brokerage business, and we could deliver more consistent results to our shareholders. At that time, prior to the acquisition of Phoenix International, Forwarding represented around $150 million of adjusted gross profit. And I guess at that time, we called it net revenue, and that was less than 10% of our enterprise net revenue and contributed very little to operating income.
 Since that time, we've made a string of strategic acquisitions in the forwarding space, and we've delivered strong organic growth and execution while creating a single global operating model supported by our Navisphere technology platform. Today, we're the #1 NVOCC in the trans-Pacific eastbound trade lane and a Top 5 NVOCC in the entire global ocean freight industry, while we've also driven strong growth in both air and customs.
 Our successful execution of this strategy, along with favorable tailwinds in the marketplace, has allowed us to deliver on a trailing 12-month basis over $944 million in Global Forwarding AGP and $422 million in operating income. Global Forwarding now represents 37% of our total company AGP for the past quarter, while we delivered 97% growth in AGP and an operating margin of over 53%.
 In looking at the left side of that slide, we can zero in on NAST a little bit. We stated that we'll continue to pursue profitable market share growth within this business, which we achieved again this quarter. Volumes increased both year-over-year and sequentially. Within NAST, we've spoken extensively about our investments in technology as we transition to more of a digitally-led company. And you can see here the multiple proof points to our advances in technology and the evolution of our business process are driving successful outcomes.
 Our NAST business is healthy today, and the pace of evolution to our business model continues to accelerate. In today's environment of global supply chain disruption, customers are looking for solutions that span the globe and cross all modes. An ocean freight solution alone doesn't solve for the problem that customers are facing, neither does a stand-alone truckload or an LTL solution. And we continue to be uniquely positioned to serve customers during this time of disruption and beyond to orchestrate end-to-end supply chain success for these customers. So just as we believed in 2012, we continue to believe today. Our ability to deliver a global suite of services fueled by great people supported by industry-leading technology and information advantage that's unmatched due to the scale on the $26 billion of freight under management that we have matters. And I'm confident that it's going to continue to drive our growth in the future.
 Going forward, we're going to continue to leverage the strength of this diversified non-asset-based business model that delivers strong returns on investment -- invested capital. We'll stay the course with our strategy of pursuing market share gains that align with our profitability expectations, and we'll continue to invest back into the business to drive innovation, improve service to our customers and carriers and to drive growth across all of our global suite of modes and services.
 So this concludes our prepared comments. And with that, I'll turn it back to Laura for the live Q&A portion of the call. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tom Wadewitz with UBS. 
Thomas Wadewitz: Yes. Congratulations on the great results in forwarding in particular, and the -- it seems like really taking advantage of the market and doing well.
 I guess, I mean my question is on NAST. It's -- you gave a lot of good stats on technology and how you're getting traction on that, but it seems like it's not necessarily translating in terms of -- I don't know if it's net revenue growth or operating income, but it seems like there's a little mismatch between how well you're doing with the technology and how that's flowing through in terms of just, I guess, growth or kind of profitability in NAST as well. So I don't know if you have any thoughts on  that in that relationship in NAST and maybe just relative to the strong brokerage market. 
Robert Biesterfeld: Sure. Thanks for the question, Tom. I guess I'd maybe reiterate my closing comments there, and we tend to look at the sum of the parts here, and we feel pretty good about the fact that we just delivered enterprise operating margins that are the highest that we've delivered since the third quarter of 2016.
 Specific to NAST, there's really 2 things at play there. The first is the increased investment in technology and the investments that goes with that, whether it's expensed or capitalized, comes prior to some of the benefits that we've gained for a couple of years into this journey of increased investments. And we haven't fully harnessed the impacts of the business from those because we're continuing to drive adoption, both internally and with our carrier partners. We talked a lot about connectivity, and connectivity is really to me, the thing that eliminates the friction from these transactions and allows us to drive greater efficiency. When I think about our transactional pricing engine being up to the level it is some 85% year-over-year, that's a great example of us taking friction out and driving better outcomes.
 The second area that is weighing on the operating margins today is still the higher level of negative loads in our truckload business. While we improved that on a year-over-year basis by about 390 basis points or about $12 million, it was pretty consistent from Q2 into Q3. And so not that you can just net out one variable. But if you netted out those negative loads and they looked more like historical averages, you would see operating margins that look very similar to what we've experienced in the past in NAST. 
Thomas Wadewitz: Do you think that there's an acceleration coming, like, just when you talk about the traction, the spot loads and the technology, is it reasonable to think that accelerates at some point looking forward? Or is that the wrong way to look at it? 
Robert Biesterfeld: I would believe that we're seeing some of the acceleration right now. I mean when I saw an 880 basis point spread between head count and volume growth, that's a real accelerant. We talked about a 25% increase in shipments per person per day, I think that's an important proof point of the productivity that we're gaining. The automated bookings is something that we've talked about consistently, arguably. And I would venture to guess the number of automated bookings that we have there, 340,000 in a quarter likely exceeds any of the "digital upstarts" in terms of their total load volume for a quarter.
 And so I do think that we are making progress here. The biggest weight and the biggest drag on operating margins relative to past quarters has been those 2 factors of the increased technology investment and the negative lows on truckload. And there are a few things that we anticipate gaining better value from that technology as time goes on as well as narrowing the scope of those negative loads as markets continue to settle. We'll reprice about half of our contractual truckload base in Q4 and Q1 of this year.
 And I really see the market going in a couple of different directions. Take scenario A, we maintain at this kind of current status of tight markets at elevated prices. And if that's the case, then we'll reprice accordingly, and we should eliminate some of those negative loads and settled down at a certain net revenue or AGP per shipment. The other side of that is that, potentially, the market starts to cool down and you see margin expansion in that model. I don't anticipate that we're going to continue to see year-on-year increases at the same rate that we have over the past couple of quarters in terms of cost of purchase transportation. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs. 
Jordan Alliger: Just curious, just taking a spin on the freight forwarding side of the equation, which obviously continues to do quite well. There's questions, of course, on sustainability. So I'm just sort of curious if you could talk to your thoughts on whether it be operating margin in that segment. The tightness in the supply chain tightness, how long that could potentially linger and drive these outsized gains?
 And then maybe more importantly, once the frenzy does die down, do you feel between market share and gaining new customers, are you at a new platform level so that even if things do die down, we're not dropping back to sort of earlier pre-COVID type of levels in terms of base level profitability? 
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. I don't see us going back to the base level of profitability that we demonstrated pre-COVID pre-pandemic, call it the 2018/'19 levels. I think we've done a lot. The team in forwarding has done a lot to engineer their cost structure in such a way that we can deliver improved operating margins over time. We've cited the target of 30% operating margins in that business. We haven't updated our guidance around that point. But we've certainly shown that we've got the capability of delivering operating margins well in excess of that.
 I won't try to forecast how, where or when the cycle on the forwarding side ends, but there's been a lot of conversation here as of late around ports and keeping some select ports open 24/7. That is one node within the overall supply chain, but it is not -- while it's an important one, doing that alone isn't going to solve for this. And so I think we have a -- certainly domestically, but potentially globally, a real challenge with labor participation truck driver shortage, warehouse labor shortage, port labor shortage, rail yard labor shortage.
 I mean the labor issue permeates throughout the supply chain, and it's really driving fluidity out, which causes many of these backups. And so I don't know what the magic bullet is, so to speak, that solves for that, Jordan, but I do believe because labor sits at the center of this in virtually every single node that it's going to be slow to develop. You look at inventory to sales ratios. And clearly, there's a lot of demand pent up behind that in order to get to more normalized levels there. So again, I won't try to prognosticate when and how this ends, but I do believe that it's going to extend for quite some time. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jack Atkins with Stephens. 
Jack Atkins: Going back to the reference in the slides around the 340,000 fully automated bookings in the quarter. One, is there a way to kind of quantify what percentage of your truckload shipments that represents?
 And I guess, secondly, do you feel like that you're at a point where you can really kind of see the bottleneck around capacity procurement that really I think it's been -- it's fairly been historically fairly labor-intensive. Are you starting to see technology breakthroughs there that can allow you to accelerate those fully automated sort of communications and bookings with your carrier partners? Just curious if you could maybe talk about that because it seems like that's an opportunity to really accelerate the automation within the system. 
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. I think how I would quantify that -- and I won't comment on the percentage of total but just note on a year-on-year basis and sequentially, it continues to grow in kind of a hockey stick up into the right. The good kind of chart, right, up into the right, unless it's expense. I think that the way that I would quantify where we sit today in this journey is I think we've captured the low-hanging fruit. I think we've captured the early adopters in the carrier community. I think we've captured those that more naturally want to interact with us in a fully automated way. And there's a lot of things coming down the pipe in terms of greater adoption of booking APIs.
 This isn't just all about a mobile application, right? This is looking and meeting our carriers where and how they want to interact with us and trying to drive friction out of every step of that organization -- out of that process. I would say, Jack, I would say that the next 6 to 9 months for us are really, really critical in this journey, and that I would expect for us to really deliver some strong results related to this carrier procurement automation over that time period. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Seidl with Cowen. 
Jason Seidl: I want to stick to the forwarding side of the business here. Clearly, doing a great job. You're throwing up some fantastic revenue growth. As we look to the back half of the year, what type of scenario can we see revenue growth in as opposed to it just might fall off because we have just unheard of comps right now. 
Robert Biesterfeld: I think the thing that gets me really feeling good about our forwarding business is it is so grounded in really strong volume growth. And obviously, there's been improvement in adjusted gross profit per shipment. But when I look at our growth this quarter, 12% in ocean and over 50% in air, we think that there's some staying power to that.
 Our customer -- we have several large opportunities and a very robust customer pipeline of opportunities that we've yet to implement, customers that we've come to agreements where we're going to take over portions or all of their forwarding business, where we've yet to implement large, large chunks, for lack of a better piece or a better term, of business. And so we think the pipeline is robust. Again, the macro market conditions are going to dictate some of this. But the growth trajectory for that business, we feel really strongly about. 
Jason Seidl: So to be clear, you do think there are scenarios where you can grow your revenue in the back half of the year? 
Robert Biesterfeld: No, Jason, after the second quarter of last year, we all sat here and said there's no way that we can grow air freight revenue off of 104% growth rate in Q2 of 2020, and we did. And we continue to grow really strong -- deliver strong results on top of some really difficult comps. And so based on where we sit today and looking into the quarter, we think it's realistic to expect that we can deliver growth -- we can continue to deliver growth in that business. 
Jason Seidl: That's great color. Listen, nice quarter. I appreciate the time. 
Robert Biesterfeld: Appreciate it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Todd Fowler with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Todd Fowler: Bob, I wanted to ask on Slide 9. I think that Mike made the comment, and we've got this in our model. This was the first time in 9 quarters when your sell rate exceeded your cost of hire. Can you just talk a little bit -- I mean, is that the contract renewals and repricing work that you've done here this year? Is that a greater ability to pass through some of the higher spot rates that you're seeing just because we've been in this market? And as we think about this chart in this curve, what would be the reason why this isn't sustained going forward, which, as you pointed out, is typically a good environment for you on the AGP side? 
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. It's -- if you look at the actual cost of hire within our business and you look at it sequentially week by week and the actual customer pricing, we have started to see that flatten out, right, in terms of dollars per mile that we're billing, dollars per mile that we're paying. And so we're not experiencing the week-to-week volatility of these increases and decrease. We do seem to have found things kind of flattening out at a much higher level.
 We've delivered the change there based on, yes, the opportunities that we've taken in the spot market and also the selective repricing activities that we've done within our contractual portfolio. We've continued to take the long game on our contractual strategic customers, right? And so there are customers I can tell you within the portfolio today that in the third quarter, we lost maybe 20% of their loads or 25% of their loads, but they're really important customers for us, that have been with us for 20 years, that we know that we have an opportunity to reprice the business with them in the fourth quarter.
 And so some might say we should have been really aggressive in the third quarter to go in and whack those losses in order to drive those losses out in the short term, but we believe that, that would have a very negative implication for us in the fourth quarter and moving forward for the next 4 quarters. And so we continue to take the long game with those customers. And so I do expect to see this type of trend continuing and the difference in the year-over-year change in rate and cost. And if we can get to a more stable type market, I think we have that opportunity. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Wetherbee with Citi. 
Chris Wetherbee: Maybe wanted to zero in a little bit on NAST operating expenses and maybe just get a sense. I'm guessing there's probably some incentive comp that's in there based on the business that you're doing in the quarter. But I want to get a sense of, I mean, how to think about that going forward. It was a nice step-up from the second quarter to the third quarter.
 And I guess I think adjusted gross profit per load was at a high level, I think, was above your longer-term averages. But when you look at sort of an operating income on a per load basis, how does that compare? I just want to get a sense of what you're actually getting that leverage dropping to the bottom line? Because I know heads are growing slower than volumes. So I would have expected that relationship to be a little bit more favorable. So I just want to make sure I'm not missing something there. 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes, Chris, let me take that. So on our NAST business, we have increased heads slightly in that business. And that's really -- as we've looked at procuring capacity and making sure that we're taking bottlenecks out of the system, we've taken up heads to get ourselves aligned with where we feel like long-term growth is there. So that's a little bit of the increase. But we're also seeing increases because of personnel expense. And that is on the back of incentive for the most part. And that's where our folks are paid an incentive on enterprise results. We're seeing a pretty significant increase overall.
 And if you take that question to the enterprise level, we showed you the personnel expense up $97 million. Over half of that was incentive. An inside incentive is equity, it's commissions and bonus. And then probably also should note, true to NAST and to the enterprise, another 1/4 of that increase year-over-year in personnel expense is a result of short-term savings that we had a year ago. And so obviously, we didn't expect those to continue. And so getting back to a more normalized level, that's a little over 1/4 of that increase, and then head count makes up the difference there on the personnel side.
 So we think we're in a better position now going forward. But as we roll into next year, those outsized incentive payments will be a tailwind for us as we get back to targets. 
Chris Wetherbee: Okay. So operating profit per load can probably start to ramp up in that scenario? 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes, it really depends on what happens on AGP, but all things being equal, yes. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Group with Wolfe Research. 
Scott Group: So I just want to follow up there so I make sure I'm understanding. So in the third quarter NAST net revenues up sequentially, but the NAST earnings were down sequentially. It sounds like you think that that's more of a one-off and going forward, if NAST net revenues growing, earnings should be growing? Is that the -- do you think we start to see that normal relationship? 
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes, over time we would expect the growth of operating income for NAST to grow at a rate ahead of net revenue or AGP growth. 
Scott Group: Okay. And then if I can just ask a strategic one, like, I'm just not sure you guys are getting much credit for your forwarding business. And I guess, I'm wondering, we've been talking about it more what you do about it, we've also got a really active M&A market. How do you think about either being an acquirer, maybe selling businesses. I don't know if any thoughts you may have there? 
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes, I appreciate that question. I mean, clearly, we're continuing to look at companies in the marketplace from an acquisition perspective. As I've alluded to in the past, they've got to meet some certain criteria, right? We want them to fit into our culture.
 We really like the business that we've built in forwarding through organic and inorganic growth. And so if we've got the opportunity to continue to expand our geographic presence in that business to add additional capabilities, add density to specific trade lanes, any way that we can build scale, we're committed to looking at those opportunities.
 In terms of some of the other strategic alternatives that you mentioned, I'm not in a position today to comment on some of those. But really, our goal today has been about growing that business versus any of the other alternatives that you brought up. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bascome Majors with Susquehanna. 
Bascome Majors: Just a follow-up on Scott's questioning there. As an acquirer, could you discuss whether or not buying a U.S.-centric truck brokerage makes more sense today for some reason compared to in prior years?
 And I know you can't comment on specific M&A speculation, but if you could give us some thoughts on how the Board perceives any approach that you guys receive, what you have to go through and what your obligations are as a target, that would be helpful. 
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes, Bascome, I'll touch on -- I'll do my best to try to answer your question, but I won't go real deep into it, and I'll address the first part of it in terms of would we consider the acquisition of a domestic brokerage. The term domestic brokerage, I think, has evolved a lot over the course of the last decade or so, certainly since 2014, '15 and so I don't know, there isn't really a one size fits all.
 I'd go back to kind of the same, I guess, guidelines that I shared with the previous question, which is, one, it's got to be a strategic fit culturally and fit nicely within Robinson. There are opportunities to potentially enhance technology or drive growth or think differently about how we transform ourselves through acquisition. So the great thing about being C.H. Robinson is we do get a look at virtually everything that's in the market, at least at a cursory level, and we can determine what level of interest that we want to display in those assets.
 But I think strategically, our acquisition strategy is not going to be driven by what's readily available in the market. It will be driven by the strategic needs of our business, and we will go out and seek those opportunities inorganically if we choose for that to be the right path, and we'll control that process. 
Bascome Majors: And the question around the Board's obligations and process if you're approached? 
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. I mean I would just briefly answer that to say assuming that we have the appropriate governance mechanisms in place that if we were approached that there would be a process in which we would work through in order to maximize the value for our shareholders. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Zazula with Barclays. 
David Zazula: I guess, Bob, you have a number of competitors that have touted success in the power-only brokerage line. Do you feel this offering is impacting your business in any way? And if so, how are you adjusting the business accordingly? 
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. It's a great part of our business. We launched our Robinson POWER + program, I think, probably 5 years ago, and it's been a really fast-growing part of our business. We've taken a very customer-centric approach to it, where we're -- about 10% of the business that Robinson manages in NAST today, a little bit north of 10% is drop trailer, where we're doing drop trailer loading.
 We've kind of taken 2 approaches to that, one being kind of the rainbow fleet where we aggregate trailer pools on behalf of a bunch of smaller carriers and established interchange agreements between them. And the second, probably more fast-growing is that Power + piece, where we've got trailers, either that we're leasing directly or that carrier -- we have leasing agreements with carriers, and we're moving those trailer pools around specific corridors between specific customers. And so it allows us just another opportunity to look and feel like an asset for some of our customers who have very specific needs around trailer pools, and it's a fast-growing piece of our overall business. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Hoexter with Bank of America. 
Ken Hoexter: Bob, a solid job on the quarter, but I guess maybe just 2 small questions. One is the CapEx that you're spending, I just want to understand, is that targeted to scaling the take rate on the digital brokerage? In other words, is that looking to regain market rates in terms of share gains?
 And then on the ocean side, a smaller one, just given rates have scaled so much on the ocean side, it's actually collapsed. It looks like the differentials between ocean and air from maybe 10x to 15x to 5x, is that -- are you starting to see scaling on the air side? Or is that gap maybe bringing more of that swapping into the equation that you talked about? 
Robert Biesterfeld: I'll take the airfreight question, and I'll throw it to Mike to talk about CapEx. We have seen tremendous growth in our charter business, Ken, and I think it's -- to your point, when you've got container rates that go as high as they have, all of a sudden, charter starts to look a little bit more feasible. And so I do think some of that spillover from ocean and air is what's driving some of the growth, certainly, that we're seeing on the airfreight side. Now, I'll let Mike talk about the CapEx. 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes, Ken, on CapEx, we took our guidance for '21 up to $70 million to $80 million, and we were at $55 million to $65 million prior to that. Our CapEx spend is almost entirely a tech spend. And we've got money to deploy there when risk-adjusted returns are high. And so we like when we're seeing a better flow of great projects. And we certainly prioritize those amongst our capital allocation plans when we see them.
 So in my book, a higher CapEx spend is encouraging because it means that the pipeline that we have of projects with nice returns out into the future is stronger. 
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. And I'd maybe just add on maybe more directly to your question. Yes, a lot of that is directed towards scaling the digital platform for truckload and the truckload freight exchange but there are a lot of other high-returning projects that we've got in flight there, whether that be in our LTL business to enhance and manage yield and better connect with some of the capabilities of our carriers, to continue to strengthen the global platform and global forwarding to drive operational processes. So there are a number of things in flight there that bring benefits to different parts of the business. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charlie Yukevich with Evercore ISI. 
Charles Yukevich: Congratulations on the great results. I wanted to talk about the collaboration with SPS Commerce. How should we be thinking about this partnership with regards to automation and incremental volumes within LTL.
 And then from a broader perspective, any commentary you could give on how you're positioning for the holiday season in such a tight freight environment would be appreciated. 
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. Thanks, Charlie, and welcome to the call. So we're early innings, obviously, with the launch of the SPS Commerce partnership. I think we just launched that early last week, I'm kind of looking at Chuck here, 7 to 10 days ago. And so I wish I had a whole bunch of revenue results that I can share with you, but since it's within the quarter, I wouldn't share even if I could. 
 But I think the really neat thing about this partnership is SPS Commerce is a leader in their space. I mean they've got over 95,000 customers that are on their platform, that they're connecting directly into the retail ecosystem and managing the flow of information. It's such a natural marriage or a natural partnership given our strength in retail and food and beverage and having such deep knowledge of that space.
 So our ability to be the LTL provider and help the customers, the shipper customers of SPS Commerce access that LTL marketplace in a fully automated way, I think, is a real win for the customers of SPS, it's an incremental opportunity for us and it helps them to strengthen their product portfolio and allows us to tap into an entire group of customers in a new and exciting way. And we continue to look at alliances and partnerships across the supply chain landscape for opportunities such as those, which is just another example of us extending the ecosystem and pursuing some of these digital initiatives to drive growth.
 In terms of positioning for the peak season, it feels as though we've been in the peak season here for a number of months, maybe quarters, quite frankly. And so our job is to be really agile, to work with our customers, to help them navigate the unknowns, to be mode agnostic, to help them move, whether it be moving ports, moving modes, collaborating with other shipper customers to drive greater utilization. We just -- we work really, really closely with our shipper customers to help them be successful in this environment in a number of different ways. But as I said, it's 24/7/365 and our team around the globe is doing their best to help navigate this. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Kauffman with Vertical Research Partners. 
Jeffrey Kauffman: Congratulations on a very strong quarter. I wanted to focus a little bit on the forwarding. This morning, UPS reported, and they had discussed about how procedures related to Delta variant out of Asia impacted shipments coming out of that region. I was just wondering, did this impact your forwarding business? And was the net of that impact a positive? Or was the net of that impact a negative? 
Robert Biesterfeld: So the net to service, just overall, I would say on the water has been a negative. I mean if you think about the current environment in ocean freight right now, there's only about 2.5% of the active fleet that -- or of the ocean freight fleet that isn't active right now, right? And so it is literally at full capacity. Service reliability on the water has never been lower than it is today, and that's to no fault of the steamship lines. It's clearly just an amalgamation of all these supply chain issues.
 As we saw issues in Asia related to COVID, what you started to see was their plants shutting down, ports shutting down, ports being not called on for a period of time because the ships would go to another port. And so it just further exacerbated the delays that were occurring in the global freight cycle. So I can't put -- I can't quantify a number in terms of impact to earnings or impact to volume. Both of them clearly were very strong for us sequentially and year-over-year. But clearly, it caused additional disruptions and delays in the supply chain. 
Jeffrey Kauffman: Okay. And you would benefit from that, I guess, in some ways where customers would need solutions. And on the other hand, you're probably moving a little less volume across the ocean than would otherwise be. But no view of whether that was net positive or net negative to the company? 
Robert Biesterfeld: Not in a meaningful way in a sum of all the results. 
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan. 
Brian Ossenbeck: So Bob, I just wanted to come back to maybe get your closing thoughts on balancing volume market share and margin, however you want to measure that, in AGP per load, I assume. Looks -- I would have thought we would have seen the negative files maybe at least improve sequentially or maybe not at all together just gone at this point, given just how strong the market is. So I appreciate the comments that these are good customers, but won't they share in some of the disruption in the cost that you're seeing here? So maybe you can just address that one more time for me.
 And then if you want to weave in some comments on how you think this is going to -- I think the cycle is going to change these relationships going forward, maybe more shorter contracts, more visibility on pricing and indices, and you kind of mentioned already but it sounds like despite all this, you're still looking at 2/3 of your booked annual. So I appreciate any thoughts there. 
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. So let's talk about the -- we'll start with the negative files. And here's how I think about this. I think our Managed Services business makes -- is a great proxy for just kind of what happens in the contractual marketplace. Whether we've got $6 billion or $7 billion in freight under management today in that Managed Services business is just a great proxy for the contractual marketplace.
 If I go back to fourth quarter of last year and call it, October, September of last year, all the way through today, we've been in this extended tight trucking environment. And presumably, there's been all sorts of bids, mini bids, repricing, reshuffling of routing guides, and not just with Robinson or other brokers, but all the asset guys and everybody that's involved in the domestic surface transportation trucking business, has had some sort of movement in their pricing and in their commitments and all of those things in contracts.
 There has been virtually no improvement in routing guide depth of tender over that 15 months. It's been 1.7, 1.6, 1.7. So I think our kind of consistent negative files is somewhat analogous to that in the fact that the market just continues to reset. We seem to be -- we've been on -- it is flattening out. But we've been on this consistent year-over-year increase in cost. And we -- part of our model, good or bad, is that we -- typically, we sell long and we buy short. And so when we consistently see that upward pressure on cost of buyer, we're going to have a higher occurrence of negative file.
 Now clearly, this is the highest it's been and we expect that we'll draw it down. But I think that's a bit of where we are. I would be very disappointed if after the fourth quarter or into the first quarter of next year once we start repricing, if we're still having this conversation about negative files being at the same level. I expect that they will come down both sequentially and year-over-year.
 In terms of some of the contract terms, yes, I think 2/3 of our business is still on 12-month terms, which is kind of is what it is. But 1/3 of our contractual business being on something other than 12-month terms is new to us. And I think it's relatively new to the industry. And so pricing transparency continues to be an important thing that we focus on. So whether it be the Market Rate IQ product that we launched during the quarter to give shippers visibility to how they're performing compared to industry benchmarks, but also visibility to some of their behaviors and how their behaviors are impacting the rates that they pay is probably as an important exercise for us to be consultative and help them to realize their behaviors and how they can be more effective, right, because rate per mile, you're not going to be able to negotiate it down per se very easily today.
 Our dynamic pricing engine that we've talked a lot about is another way for us to provide real-time pricing to customers that keep them out of the kind of the dog-eat-dog spot market. And we provide kind of an intermediate step between that guaranteed committed contractual business and not allowing them to fall all the way through their routing guide. So we're spending a lot of time on trying to deliver innovative pricing solutions that are good for us and good for the customers, but that annual contract still has held up to be the main mechanism for us to price contractual freight, and the main mechanism in which customers are requesting it. 
Brian Ossenbeck: And you think that would hold pretty much to next year as well based on where your conversations are right now looking into '22? 
Robert Biesterfeld: I don't know that I've got a clear view -- I mean looking into Q4, I can tell you that, that appears to be the case. But looking out beyond that would be speculation I wouldn't be comfortable making at this point. 
Charles Ives: That concludes today's earnings call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you again. Have a good evening.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-28 18:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Second Quarter 2021 Conference Call.  As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Tuesday, July 27, 2021. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chuck Ives, Director of Investor Relations.
Charles Ives: Thank you, Stacy, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today is Bob Biesterfeld, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mike Zechmeister, our Chief Financial Officer. Bob and Mike will provide a summary of our 2021 second quarter results, and then we will open up the call for live questions.
Robert Biesterfeld: Thank you, Chuck. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. During the second quarter, we delivered record financial results by staying focused on serving the needs of our customers and keeping our global supply chains moving in a capacity constrained environment. We are pleased that we return to truckload volume growth. We delivered record volume in less than truckload ocean and air, and we believe that our tech plus strategy that combines industry-leading technology with great logistics experts and great processes is the right strategy. As part of our global suite of services, our larger services delivered both year-over-year and sequential growth in total volumes, revenue and adjusted gross profit or AGP, which resulted in quarterly highs for Robinson in total volumes, revenues AGP and operating income. Excluding the fourth quarter of 2012 when we sold our T-Chek business, our earnings per share was also a record high. I will talk about how we achieved these results as I walk through my prepared comments on our second quarter results. In our largest service of NAST truckload, we grew our adjusted gross profit by $34 million or 14% year-over-year. This came through a 6% increase in volume and a 7% increase in adjusted gross profit per load. This included an increase in spot market volume of nearly 30% year-over-year due in part to an 85% increase in quotes and 160% increase in volume that was driven through our proprietary real-time dynamic pricing engine. 40% of our spot or transactional business was priced via integrations with our dynamic pricing engine in the second quarter, delivering real-time pricing with capacity assurance from the largest network of truckload capacity in North America. While our business in the spot market increased significantly, our volume in the contractual business declined approximately 10% during the quarter as we continue to reshape our portfolio and pursue profitable volume growth. This included a balance of two things. First, honoring our contractual commitments with strategic customers, which is still resulting in a higher than normal percentage of loads with negative adjusted gross profit margins due to ongoing increases in the cost of purchase transportation. And second, managing acceptance rates in order to limit negative loads and to manage our business for profitability.
Michael Zechmeister: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. As Bob mentioned, we delivered solid quarterly financial results across a variety of top line and bottom line metrics in Q2, driven by a strong performance and a favorable market as we continue to leverage our technology plus strategy. In Q2, we established quarterly total company records in volume, total revenue, adjusted gross profit and operating income. Our total company AGP was up 22% compared to Q2 of 2020, driven by strong performance from ocean, truckload, LTL and air. On a sequential basis, each of our business segments delivered AGP growth compared to Q1. On a monthly basis compared to 2020, our total company AGP per business day was up 21% in April, up 12% in May, and up 35% in June. With the cost per mile and price per mile in our truckload business reaching all time highs in Q2, our AGP margin percentage declined. This is simply a function of a larger denominator in the AGP margin equation. To illustrate that, let me share some facts about our Q2 AGP per mile versus our AGP margin percentage. Our Q2 truckload AGP per mile was approximately 3% higher than our 10-year average. While our AGP margin percentage was more than 350 basis points below our 10-year average. As truckload pricing is predominantly determined by dollars per load as opposed to percentage markup, having an all-time high price results in a compressed margin percentage. We continue to be focused on growing our overall AGP dollars by optimizing volume growth and AGP per shipment across our service offerings. With our customer focus and digital investments continuing to drive growth and efficiency into our model, we have solid strategies to generate sustainable, long-term growth. Turning now to expenses. Q2 personnel expenses were $362.9 million, up 20.8% compared to Q2 of last year, due to higher incentive compensation costs and the impact of short-term pandemic related cost reductions in Q2 last year. Our Q2 average headcount increased 0.7% compared to Q2 of last year, and our average full time equivalents were up 3.1%. Headcount was added primarily to deliver on our long-term growth expectations, particularly in our Global Forwarding business. In addition, the June 3 acquisition of Combinex Holdings B.V. in our European Surface Transportation business added approximately 100 new employees to Robinson. Given our increase in headcount and higher incentive compensation associated with our 2021 profit expectations, we now expect our 2021 personnel expenses to be $1.42 billion to $1.48 billion, which is up from our prior guidance of $1.4 billion. Q2 SG&A expenses of $125.7 million were up 0.4% compared to Q2 of 2020. We continue to expect 2021 total SG&A expenses to be approximately $0.5 billion, which includes travel expenses building in the back half of the year. 2021 SG&A is expected to include approximately $90 million to $95 million of depreciation and amortization. This is up from our prior guidance of $85 million to $90 million, but down from the $102 million in 2020, primarily due to the completion of amortization related to a prior acquisition. Second quarter interest and other expense totaled $13.5 million, up approximately $3.3 million versus Q2 last year due to the impact of currency revaluation. Q2 results included a $1.9 million loss due to unfavorable currency valuation compared to a $1.8 million gain on FX in Q2 last year. I'm pleased to report that we've completed the work that delivers the $100 million per year of long-term cost savings that we committed to a year and a half ago. Our annualized run rate savings surpassed $100 million in Q1 of this year. Going forward, we will continue our efforts to drive efficiency into our business model primarily through process redesign and automation across the enterprise. Our Q2 income from operations was an all-time quarterly high at $260.6 million, and our adjusted operating margin of 34.8% was up 410 basis points compared to Q2 last year. Q2 net income was $193.8 million, up 34.6% compared to Q2 last year and diluted earnings per share finished at $1.44, which was up 35.8% year-over-year. Turning to cash flow. Our Q2 cash flow from operations was approximately $149 million, a decrease of $298 million compared to Q2 last year, driven primarily by the outsized improvement in working capital in Q2 last year. Sequentially, Q2 operating working capital increased by $81.8 million, or 5.6% versus Q1, compared to a sequential increase of 6.7% in AGP. Over the long-term, we expect our working capital to continue to grow at a rate slower than our AGP. Capital expenditures were $16.3 million in Q2, up from $10.3 million in Q2 last year, primarily driven by increased investments in hardware and software. Year-to-date through Q2, our capital expenditures were $30 million and we continue to expect 2021 capital expenditures to finish in the range of $55 million to $65 million. We returned approximately $205 million of cash to shareholders in Q2 through a combination of $135 million of share repurchases and $70 million of dividends. That level of cash return to shareholders represents a 199% increase versus Q2 last year, when we were not repurchasing shares out of an abundance of caution due to the pandemic. During Q2 this year, we repurchased approximately 1.4 million shares at an average price of $97.47 per share. And at the end of Q2, we had approximately 5 million shares of remaining capacity on our 15 million share repurchase authorization from May of 2018. Our cash balance at the end of Q2 was $173 million, down $189 million compared to Q2 of 2020. We intend to carry only the cash needed to fund operations and to efficiently repatriate excess cash from foreign entities. We ended Q2 with $902 million of liquidity comprised of $729 million of committed funding under our credit facility, which matures in October of 2023 and our Q2 cash balance. Our debt balance at quarter end was $1.37 billion, up $274 million versus Q2 last year driven primarily by share repurchases and increased working capital. Our net debt-to-EBITDA leverage at the end of Q2 was 1.2x, down sequentially from 1.3x at the end of Q1. From an M&A standpoint, the deal flow in the market remains robust and we expect to see more industry consolidation through the end of 2021. While we don't comment on specific companies or transactions, we do see the potential for Robinson to play a role. We continue to be focused on value creation with our capital allocation and remain disciplined in that regard. We continue to prioritize companies that can expand our geographic presence, particularly in Global Forwarding, add or improve our service offerings, offer compelling cross selling opportunities, help us build scale to leverage our flywheel or to enhance our digitization efforts to deliver growth, quality of service or efficiencies. A strong fit with Robinson culture is also important in our M&A efforts. Overall, we're making excellent progress against our strategic initiatives to drive growth and efficiency into our model. That said, we have tremendous opportunities for growth and efficiency ahead of us, as we still represent just a small percentage of the overall addressable market in global logistics landscape. From a capital allocation standpoint, we continue to be committed to disciplined capital stewardship, maintaining an investment grade credit rating and generating sustainable long-term growth to our shareholders. Thank you for listening this afternoon. And I'll turn the call back over to Bob now for his final comments.
Robert Biesterfeld: Thanks, Mike. Our record quarterly volumes, revenues, adjusted gross profits and operating income demonstrated the strength of our non-asset based business model that includes a diverse portfolio of services. As I said earlier, with bold ambitions to continue to evolve as a platform company and we're committed to creating better outcomes for our customers and carriers by delivering industry-leading technology that's built by and for supply chain experts and by leveraging our unmatched combination of experience, scale, technology and information advantage. We stay the course with our strategy of pursuing market share gains that align with our profitability expectations, and we will continue to invest back into the business in order to drive innovation, improved service to our customers and carriers and drive growth across our global suite of modern services. I believe that the team at Robinson is the most capable team of supply chain experts in the world. And I'm incredibly proud of how our team has helped thousands of customers navigate globally disrupted supply chains, while delivering strong results for our shareholders. And as we continue to create differentiated value for the nearly 200,000 carriers and customers of Robinson, I'm thrilled to have Arun Rajan join the Robinson team to drive our next-generation of innovation. I'm also excited by our return to office that our U.S employees began this month. Coming back to a more flexible and hybrid work model and we look forward to seeing more of our people around the world return to the office as appropriate, guided by local health guidelines. And I'd like to thank the Robinson team members around the world for learning to work and collaborate in new ways, for rapidly advancing our digital capabilities, for creating a more open and inclusive environment, and for ensuring the health and safety of our people across the globe, while continuing to help us emerge stronger. This concludes our prepared comments. And with that, I'll turn it back to Stacy for the live Q&A portion of the call.
Operator:  Our first question comes from Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jordan Alliger: Yes. Hi. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit further about your thoughts on the truckload markets. Obviously, I know you focus more on net revenue dollars, but maybe some of your big picture thoughts on the selling price trends versus the purchase transport and do we start seeing some tightening of that or anyway just your thoughts on those two aspects of net revenue. Thanks. Hello.
Robert Biesterfeld: Can you hear me, Jordan?
Jordan Alliger: Yes, I hear you. I hear you.
Robert Biesterfeld: Okay. Sorry, it sounds like we have technical difficulty there. I feel  you're on mute, I guess. As we think about the market as we see it right now, we continue to see the spot market pulling the contractual market up in truckload. I mean, obviously, these number is on a year-on-year basis, and 40% range are clearly outsize because of the depression that we had in the freight markets in the second quarter of last year. But we do expect to continue to see pricing increasing through the balance of the year. Sequentially, we're continuing to see continued pressure there. To your point, we do manage the business really to net revenue dollars on a per truckload basis. We're staying really focused right now, Jordan, on growing our overall AGP or net revenue dollars, by really optimizing that balance between volume growth and AGP per shipment. We've been working hard to avoid contracts, but that can contribute more loads with negative margins. And I think, as I said, in the last quarter's call, we entered the bid cycle late in 2020 and early into '21, facing sustained AGP per truckload that was well below the range of acceptable profitability for us. And so, we really had to take a couple of steps in addressing negative files, avoiding those contracts that propose that -- instituted a lot of risk around negatives and then focusing on that balance between both spot and contractual. So we had a belief early in this year about where we thought the contract truckload market was going to move. And at this point, we appear that view was fairly accurate, that did cause us to miss some opportunities early in the year. But those are really coming back to us now either and shorter term contractual agreements are more through spot market.
Jordan Alliger: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question, Jack Atkins with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins: Okay, great. Good afternoon and thank you for taking my questions. So I guess, Bob, just, we kind of take a step back and think about the investments that you all have been making in technology to drive productivity through your business over the course of the last several years and I know it goes back further than that. But specifically over the last several years, it certainly feels like we're at a tipping point here. And I'm just curious, if you could maybe talk about when you think we're going to start seeing sort of that acceleration and productivity that's going to drive big clear market share gains that the market can sort of view to really get a gauge on the level of top line growth and incremental profitability that can come from all these investments. I guess, we're just trying to get a feel for when we're going to hit the tipping point, and really see those market share gains accelerate, if that question makes sense.
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes, it makes sense, Jack. And I think we're a couple years into this increased investment. Obviously, technology spend and investment in digitization has been ongoing for us. I -- as I'm looking at the operational results and the financial results, I believe that we're seeing some of those things today. We're certainly creating value in new ways for both customers and carriers. Some of the NAST productivity information that we provide in the deck certainly speaks to the productivity uplift that we've gotten within NAST, whether it would be shipments per person per day, or that NPI, the NAST Productivity Index. I believe that we spent the last several quarters really building capabilities in different digital capabilities and different digital products and today we're really pushing for broad adoption of that. I mean, I talked in my prepared comments around the ability to leverage our proprietary pricing engines that's driven by algorithms and models against our customers. I mean, today virtually almost every single customer of Robinson's can now access that pricing engine either through the web portal, whether it's your free quote or direct to the TMS or ERP, they fully automated bookings, the digital freight matching that's occurring. And on the carrier side, well over 290,000 fully automotive -- automated truckload bookings, that's not only a big productivity lift for us, but it's also a new way for us to attract and engage with carriers in a different way that may prefer that method of booking. So, again, I go back to we're not at the finish line of either introducing new capabilities, or getting those out into the wild, but I do think we're starting to see some really early stage results and impacts into the business. Just in the spot market alone with roughly 30% volume growth that we had this quarter, a lot of that was driven through those digital pricing engines and connections. So I think we're in a good place, Jack. As -- again, as I said in the prepared remarks, adding Arun Rajan, a really strong product leader with a lot of experience through digital native platform companies. I've looked at -- I look at that as a really strategic move for us to help accelerate and to help us be even better there.
Jack Atkins: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question, Todd Fowler with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Todd Fowler: Hey, great. Thanks and good evening. So I appreciate, Mike, the commentary on the impact that the higher rate per mile has on the reported gross profit percentage here in the quarter. But how should we think about the widening of the spread that we saw between buy and sell rates during the quarter? I think it's a little bit unusual to kind of see that gap starts to widen again, maybe at this point in the cycle. So how do we think about how gross profit should trend into the back half of the year based on that dynamic? Thanks.
Michael Zechmeister: Yes, thanks, Todd. This a great question. And for Robinson, price always follows cost and that's particularly exaggerated in our contract business. And so, with respect to our AGP margins, the margins are best at Robinson, when the cost of purchase transportation is coming down. And so when you look at our business now, it's still going up. It's been going up here for quite some time, and it's reaching all-time high. We think that there's going to be tightness in this market that may sustain through the end of the year potentially, but at some point, if the costs start coming back to 5-year averages, or 10-year averages, that's when those margins start widening for Robinson. And that's when you start comparing us back to what happened in Q3 of '18 or Q4 of '18, when the pricing started -- when the cost started coming down, that's the widening of the margin.
Todd Fowler: Got it. That makes a ton of sense. So if we're looking at Slide 9, we need to think about that line coming down versus going up?
Michael Zechmeister: Yes, that's right.
Todd Fowler: Great. Thanks for the time, guys.
Robert Biesterfeld: Thanks, Todd.
Operator: Your next question, Ravi Shankar with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ravi Shankar: Thanks. Good afternoon, everyone. So, Bob, some of your legacy broker peers not digitalized legacy guys are talking about 8% to 10% gross margins being the new normal for the foreseeable future. And talking about trying to scale up with that level, do you see it the same way? And kind of how do you think about the current kind of 12%, 13% level over time maybe even detect in the cycle a little bit?
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes, I don't subscribe to the 8% average adjusted gross profit margins over time. What I would tell you, and again, I'm going to flip Ravi back to adjusted gross for actual just net revenue or AGP dollars per load. And I will tell you in second quarter, our net revenue per load is basically right at the midpoint of our 5 and 10-year trailing averages, right. Now, clearly, back half of '18, front half of '19 we saw outsized margins when cost started to drop against our contract business. We've got a whole bunch of customers that are at those 8% to 10% margins today. And they're highly profitable relationships for us, because they're highly digitized, highly connected, highly automated on both the front end with the customer and the back end with the carrier. So I really think that 8% to 10% margin range that you talk about, is so dependent upon mix, right, because if I can have a highly efficient customer relationship that's integrated via API on the customer side and integrated with carriers in the backside, you can run that business profitably all day long at mid single-digit, high single-digit margins. But if you've got a lot of labor or a lot of work that needs to go into carrier procurement, a lot of issues with shipping and receiving, that's not 8% to 10% business in my imagination. I think there's so many variables that go into that, it's not going to be. Now clearly we're taking steps to digitize both on the front end and the back end. Front end with the customer, back end with the carrier that drive greater efficiency and allow us to think differently about that. But ultimately, what -- as we think about our operating expenses and our cost to serve, we're sitting here running a whole bunch of what if scenarios of what if it's 8%, what if its 10%, what if it stays at 15%? But we want to ensure that we've got the right operating model that we can survive and thrive regardless of what happens because a lot of that is outside of our control as witnessed this quarter just by the rapid run up in cost and sales.
Ravi Shankar: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question, Thomas Wadewitz with UBS. Please go ahead.
Thomas Wadewitz: Yes. Good afternoon. I wanted to get your thoughts on maybe -- the market seems to be changing, I guess I look at it a little bit with the 2018 framework, but this cycle seems meaningfully different. So I'm just wondering if the way you manage NAST and the mix of business, do you want to target that differently in the future? It seems like the contract business has been a struggle in the last couple years. So does it make sense to consider instead of trying to be 65%, 70% contract? I know you were less than that in the quarter. Does it make sense to potentially target more of a 50-50 mix? Or just wanted to offer that as a question given it seems the markets changed. And then I guess, if you'll allow me a second one in terms of one -- two for one, but in the forwarding, I don't think you get a lot of credit for the strong results in forwarding because I think people don't believe it's going to persist. Do you have any thoughts on the sustainability of that, strong results in forwarding maybe I don't know if you look to 2022 or just out of couple quarters. Thank you.
Robert Biesterfeld: Sure. That was technically too, Tom, but we'll just -- we'll dock you on next quarter, but we'll take them both because they're good questions.
Thomas Wadewitz: Thank you.
Robert Biesterfeld: On the contract side, on the truckload piece, we're working to shape that portfolio today, right, and that we shape that portfolio based on how we go-to-market, how we respond pricing to those goods. As I said in my prepared comments, I think it's 40% of our awards during the quarter. We're for those shorter term, 3 and 6 months agreements. We're doing a lot of things with customers today where we're not in a spot or contract per se, but kind of in that in between space where we're keeping that customer out of the spot. Its slightly beneficial to us, it derisk things for the customer, it derisk things for us as well. So we're getting pretty creative around pricing, because to your point, the volatility that is existed in the market from '17 to today is unprecedented, certainly. But moving to a true 50-50, I think disadvantages us because really 85% of truckload freight in a typical market is moving under contract terms. And so we really want access to that. We think that we're really good at serving customers in that contractual arrangement. We can look and feel like a large asset and aggregate all of the independent owner operators under a single technology umbrella and bring to life capacity there that most customers wouldn't -- they're not built to access on their own. So I don't know that we'll ever get to 50-50 on a sustained level, but we do consistently work to shape that -- shape the kind of the makeup of the contract versus spot. On the forwarding side, I think it was at this point last year that everyone was kind of saying there's no way that Robinson is going to comp 104% growth in air freight in the future, this must be transitory. And we just did. And so, we don't see anything fundamentally changing in the air and ocean markets between now and Chinese New Year at a minimum. But what I would just really reinforces there's so much work that Mike Short and his leadership team in forwarding has done over the course of the last couple of years. We've challenged our own internal beliefs of how we can scale that business of what the returns can be in that business. And with modest -- I would call modest headcount increases in the business over the course of the last couple of years, we've increased volume significantly, and certainly increased the revenue significantly. So there's been a lot of commercial activity that's occurred. We've added a lot of new logos to that business. We're a better forwarder today, I believe than we were 2 years ago based on the scale that we've created. And that market does just continue to be so dislocated, that shippers that were typically BCOs that weren't working with NBOs are now bringing NBOs into the mix to manage through that. So, I'm not a prognosticator of exactly what the size of that business is 24 months from now, or 36 months from now, but I really believe that there's a lot of sustainability of the results that we're delivering and forwarding both on -- because of the cycle, and also the work that's been done there, and the investments are on technology and investments in talent on a global basis.
Thomas Wadewitz: Okay. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Your next question, Brian Ossenbeck with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Brian Ossenbeck: Hey, good evening. Thanks for taking the question. Rob, maybe another one on the contract, because you expand on your previous answer a bit. Do you think that behavioral things have changed enough to kind of keep this hybrid mix of shorter term contracts, something that's more out of the market, like it's just something you're going to look to adapt to and offer more in the future? Or is this just kind of the sign of the market and you notice kind of roll with what's given to you. Just want to see how you're addressing that? And if customers are giving any indication that they'd be moving more so in that direction, what that might mean for your mix going forward? Thanks.
Robert Biesterfeld: No, I think it's a mix, Brian, in terms of how we're going to market and different pricing options that we're putting in front of customers, and also a realization by shippers that there's a ton of work that goes into an annual bid and a lot of cost associated with that. And between 2017 and today, there just been too many instances where 30 days after implementation, routing guides are failing, acceptance levels are low, or the inverse of that, like happened in '18 and '19, you end up disadvantaged as a shipper, and you're paying rates well over the market. And so I do think that there's going to continue to be an adjustment and a derisking on both sides, because it's with the volatility that's been there, it's unrealistic for a shipper to think that they're going to hand over a 12-month contract at a price when you've got this much volatility and transfer that risk. And likewise, a carrier is simply not going to take that amount of risk on when the markets are moving as quickly as they are. So I do think that we're finding different ways to approach pricing and to get pretty creative to find solutions that are winning in the market for large blocks of freight that are helping to ship -- helping the shippers to deal with the volatility.
Brian Ossenbeck: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question, Chris Wetherbee with Citi. Please go ahead.
Christian Wetherbee: Yes, hi. I wanted to kind of come back to the comment that you made before about sort of the direction of margins and sort of the level that we're at now. And obviously, the absolute dollars of rate has an impact on where those percentages kind of shake out. So looking at gross profit per load, certainly makes sense. I guess, though, I want to understand sort of the ability for the direction to change and the back half of the year. So we've been sort of stuck between 12% and 13%, understandably so. But as you start to see the potential for rates level off potentially in the back half of the year, the sort of shorter term, purchase pricing, the better contract versus thought mix, it would seem that you'd be able to see some sequential improvement in margins. I want to make sure I'm understanding the comments you made before. Were you saying that you don't expect necessarily to see that until you see rates down on a year-over-year basis? Or is there some other factors that kind of play into your thoughts around net margins in the back half of the year?
Michael Zechmeister: Yes, so I mentioned earlier Chris, and let me know if this hits on your question, if not, we can pivot. I made comments that we've been in this process of repricing, we've been focused on, taking negative loads out. I will tell you we are still in an elevated level around negative loads in our contract business. On a quarterly basis, if you look 2012 to today, we normally average, I don't know, $20 million roughly of negative files on a quarterly basis. We're at about $60 million this quarter. So there's a $40 million delta between what normal looks like and second quarter of this year just in our contractual business. And so, that is the opportunity that we continue to pursue. You start taking that over the course of the year, and you start to get some big numbers pretty quickly. So we continue to work on that opportunity to pursue the way to improve the profitability, in that contractual business, that I would tell you is probably the biggest difference. If you -- you can take that down to operating margin, you can take that down to net revenue margin, but that's probably the biggest difference between the front end of '18 and today is just the existence of the spot market margins are roughly the same. But the contractual margins are far lower right now than they were then just because of the existence of those negative loads. So we got to keep chipping away at that.
Christian Wetherbee: That's very helpful. That does help me with the answer, presumably that that's a sort of quarter-by-quarter type of progression that should move you in the right direction, assuming rates don't take a further step spike up. I would guess, right. So I understand for the duration we're talking about here.
Michael Zechmeister: Yes, you're absolutely right. You're also taking the Tom Wadewitz's two questions instead of one, but you're absolutely right in the fact that if you assume that the market is going to at some point reached some sort of equilibrium at a higher price point, that's really when you can start to mine, those negative loads out. Certainly, we're taking steps along the way. But if you're constantly chasing a rising cost of higher, through the course of the contract, it gets harder to take those out. If you reach some status or equilibrium, even if that's a, year-over-year, 30% increases or whatever, then you can really start to plan to take that out and improve profitability.
Christian Wetherbee: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Bascome Majors: Good evening, and thanks for taking my questions. You talked about the long-term stickiness of some of what you've done in boarding. But looking at the ocean business, specifically, it looks like it's risen double digits in net revenue sequentially for five straight quarters here. Can you talk a little bit about the momentum in that improvement, and if it's continuing. I don't know if you can give us that trend by month or some thoughts on how the early third quarter is going. But just trying to get a sense for where that's headed in the short-term to think about where it can go long-term? Thank you.
Robert Biesterfeld: You are right on the ocean AGP is increased, each of the last five quarters and trying to look and see, sorry, just like an ocean in front of me here and volume as well. So, I would say it's kind -- it's overused, but the flywheel I believe continues to feed that business, right. And so we're continuing to bring on new logos, continuing to build new logos that are larger shippers. And so, our award sizes are like 3.5 times today what they were 5 years ago. And so, as we continue to build more trade lane density as we continue to be able to do more consolidations, we really see that just continues to grow exponentially over time.
Bascome Majors: And in the short-term is, is that momentum still continuing month after month? So any thoughts on the sequential trim within the quarter would be helpful?
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes, I mean, in general, what I would say about July, Bascome, is that July for us really looks a lot like June, right, in terms of adjusted gross profit per day, and really the performance of each of the underlying services they really carry forward pretty cleanly from June into July.
Bascome Majors: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question Allison Landry with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Allison Landry: Thanks. Good afternoon, and appreciate you taking my question. So I just -- I was hoping you could maybe talk in a little more detail about hiring Arun Rajan as the Chief Product Officer. It seems like a pretty strategic hire, I would say, an impressive resume. But what are the key initiatives or product offerings that we should expect them to focus on? I'd imagine there's a tech aspect to it. But also should we may be read this as a signal that you're potentially looking at entering other markets, whether organically or through M&A? And if so, might that include something that is, somewhat more asset intensive than your current business? Thank you.
Robert Biesterfeld: Sure. So, hiring Arun is really part of our long-term commitment to bring our customers and our carriers the best products for their businesses, right, supported by global network of experts and people they can rely on. Those are the things they tell us that matter. And in the context of that when I talk about products, I'm really talking about customer and carrier facing technology, right. The extension of the Navisphere platform and how that intersects with our customers and our carriers. Arun has got extremely deep product knowledge and his leadership experience is going to be invaluable for us as we drive really about next-generation of innovation here at Robinson and throughout the industry. The Chief Product Officer position is one that I've been considering for quite some time, and have been looking for the right talent to add to our team. But it was really critical that I found the right person, because I really see this as a fairly transformational step for our organization, and Arun and me getting to know him, over the course of this process, I've really found to be quite a transformational leader. He's got this long history of developing and deploying products that really enrich customer experience and create value at industry-leading digital first platform companies. So in his role here at Robinson, he will lead all of our global product development and innovation across the entire Navisphere platform and how that intersects with -- again, our customers and carriers. In terms of it being a signal to adjacencies or looking at M&A in other areas, I certainly wouldn't read through it in that respect. So it's really about creating the product organization and organizing ourselves effectively around those products as we were in the market.
Operator: Your next question, Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Afternoon. So any thoughts on sequential net revenue in the third quarter, sometimes it's up, sometimes it's down. And then longer term maybe just some thoughts on the net operating margins for NAST and forwarding never been hired NAST towards the low end of the range. Where do you think these margins can go over time?
Michael Zechmeister: Yes, so Q3 net revenue, again, July looks a lot like June and that's kind of as far as I would -- as deep as I go. I mean, on a net revenue per business day the numbers are pretty similar, the growth rates are probably a little bit higher in July than they were in June, just given the comparisons. So let's talk about the operating margin. As I was thinking we might get this question, I was trying to think about we often get the question of how does it compare to previous times in the cycle. And so, just as a point of comparison, I picked second quarter of 2018 and second quarter of this year. And if you go back in time, at that time for second quarter '18 NAST was at like 41%, Forwarding was at 20.7%, and overall we're 32.6%. Today, NAST is at 34.6%, Forwarding at 45.3% and we are at 34.8%. So our operating margin as an enterprise today is actually better today than it was in what I would consider kind of a similar time in the cycle. In terms of where we can go, I still believe that upper 30s and 40 is an opportunity for NAST. We're certainly engineering our cost structure to be able to get there. And the biggest factor there is net revenue dollars per truckload, right, that's what moves. That's what is going to be the biggest mover of that. But we're certainly doing a lot of things in the cost structure to try to get back to close to 40% operating margins in NAST. We said for a long time that our goal is to move the Forwarding business to 30% operating margins. And now all of a sudden, we've shown ourselves that we can do 45%, right. And so, I'd say, we'll still guide towards that 30% range for Forwarding, but the sustainability of our current margins, we'll continue to look at and could reserve the right to revisit the kind of the guidance, if you will, for that Forwarding business. But if we can keep the enterprise in that mid 30s range, we think that that's consistent with past quarters and certainly very feasible for us.
Scott Group: Thank you guys. Appreciate it.
Michael Zechmeister: Yes.
Operator: Your next question, David Zazula with Barclays. Please go ahead.
David Zazula: Hey, thanks for taking the question. I noticed you had mentioned truckload, I believe it was truckload linked to haul down 4.5%. So I was just wondering how that is trending sequentially. What do you think the trend is really just due to kind of pandemic comps, or whether there's some sort of change in either business mix or mix of freight within your current customer base describing that?
Robert Biesterfeld: That's really been an ongoing macro trend over the course of the . We've continued to see that trend down over the past several years.
David Zazula: Thanks.
Operator: Next question, Bruce Chan with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Bruce Chan: Great. Thanks for the question and congrats to you, Arun. This is probably a similar question to what some of the others have been getting to. But, if I could just maybe be a little blunt about it, I guess, I still don't understand why we still have so much contractual business that's running underwater. I mean, I get that you run your business very collaboratively with your customers and you manage for the long-term and under your contracts. But market volatility is theoretically a good thing for brokers over the cycle. And if I look back over the previous cycle, it just doesn't seem like we've really seen that. So we've got a market that's really tight, the cycle is probably longer than a normal one. You're providing a ton of value to your customer. Things are just that competitive right now that you can move faster here, or is there something else that's going on?
Robert Biesterfeld: Well, Bruce, we just delivered a quarter with record revenues, record volumes across the suite of our entire services. And the spot market grew our truckload volume by over 30%, which is really in line with what I've seen a lot of other companies that are more focused on the spot market brokerage have delivered very similar results. Our focus on the contractual business, as I said earlier, I think that 85% of the freight that moves in the contracts is a is a market that we want to be in, we want to participate in that through cycles. Why is it that we're still having a high degree of negative loads in that business. Look, we forecasted where we thought this year was going to go, but we didn't expect 42% increase, 47% increase and carrier costs are higher in the second quarter. And so, we've got to deliver results for multiple stakeholders, our shareholders, certainly. But our customers are what ultimately create the value for our shareholders. And so I'm a firm believer that we need to do our best to manage our commitments to those relationships through cycles, because it pays dividends long-term. When I look at our top 500 customers that make up close to 50% of our revenue, and see the retention rates that we have with those customers with 99% to 100%, in any given year, I think that's a testament as to why we take the positions we do with those customers, because we try to take the long-term view.
Bruce Chan: Okay. That's great. That's a fair point and appreciate the color.
Robert Biesterfeld: Okay. Thanks, Bruce.
Operator: Next question,  with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. Bob, I wanted to get your thoughts on one of your large startup competitors, digital competitors has announced that they're requiring  and kind of enhancing their offerings in LTL. So I wanted to get your thoughts there, but I wanted to kind of contextualize it in thinking about C.H. Robinson for a long time has said that your competitive advantage, your moat is kind of your scale and the ability that you have to provide kind of comprehensive solutions in really tight freight markets. So maybe you could talk about kind of thoughts on the kind of competitive landscape and also maybe how C.H. Robinson has been able to differentiate itself, kind of given the real tightness and capacity that we've seen over the last couple of months.
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes, absolutely. I won't comment on competitors strategies or their moves. But I certainly will speak to our competitive advantages and those things that you cited, I still believe to be the case, right. We are highly focused on ensuring our customers are successful, navigating challenging freight markets, we continue to have the largest network of carriers in North America, which we're now more and more often digit -- digitizing those relationships with those carriers which allow us to move faster. We signed up 6,900 new carriers in the quarter, last quarter. Those are all new carriers that we can bring to life to help serve our customers. As I go back to the last question that was asked, our word matters to our customers, our commitment to our customers matters. We continue to differentiate on that customer promise. So the blend between technology plus having a global suite of services, our ability to go into a customer and offer them a leading global forwarding product, a leading surface transportation product. The -- what is I believe our LTL business would be equivalent to the fifth or sixth largest asset based LTL carrier and we don't own a trucker or a warehouse. I mean, that's a $3 billion business. We're the largest non-asset based LTL provider by multiples of the next closest competitor. And so those things of scale, of service excellence, of commitment, of technology and investment, those are continuing to resonate with customers and continuing to help us to win in the marketplace. And I believe that to be true today. And I believe that'll be true in the future.
Unidentified Analyst: But does that manifest itself in the form of kind of better margins or kind of better growth rates over time?
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes, I believe that it does. And again, I believe that if you want to talk about operating margins, I believe that we have a path to 40% operating margins. And that's something in excess of 30% in forwarding, 35% operating -- mid 30s operating margins for the business and we are investing back in the business. We are investing in building capabilities. We're investing in building better technology that our customers will use and love. We're building technology that our carriers will use and love. And we're hiring really great people across the globe with great experience to bring these services to life.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Thank you. I would like to turn the floor over to Chuck for closing remarks.
Charles Ives: That concludes today's earnings call. Thank you everyone for joining us today and we look forward to talking to you again. Have a good evening.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson First Quarter 2021 Conference Call. . As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Tuesday, April 27, 2021.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Chuck Ives, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Charles Ives: Thank you, Donna, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today is Bob Biesterfeld, our Chief Executive Officer; and Mike Zechmeister, our Chief Financial Officer. Bob and Mike will provide a summary of our 2021 first quarter results, and we will then open the call up for questions. This change to live Q&A from our previous practice of responding to pre-submitted questions is in response to valued input from our analysts and shareholders.
Robert Biesterfeld: Thank you, Chuck, and good afternoon, everyone. We're proud of our first quarter results. As global shipping markets remain disrupted, our team around the globe stayed focused on serving the needs of our customers and delivering innovative solutions to keep global supply chains moving. During the quarter, we delivered strong financial results while continuing to deliver against many of our initiatives related to growth, productivity and the advancement of our digital strategy. I'll highlight some of these areas of progress as I walk through my prepared comments surrounding our Q1 results. In the first quarter of 2021, we generated 125% growth in earnings per share due to profit growth in our 2 largest business segments, North American Surface Transportation and Global Forwarding. Our NAST business generated double-digit growth in both adjusted gross profits, or AGP, and operating income in the quarter. NAST AGP per business day increased 15%, and operating income was up 39% compared to the first quarter of last year.  These results were driven by a 23% improvement in AGP per truckload in our truckload business, coupled with continued strong market share gains in our less than truckload business, where volume per business day increased 17% year-over-year. Bolstering these results were continued benefits of our technology investments, which continue to unlock productivity gains and deliver customer value in new and exciting ways. The macro environment in the first quarter continued to be one of tight capacity and increased pricing in the marketplace driven by several supply side constraints, including the ongoing challenges of driver availability, coupled with robust demand. The weather events in February demonstrated how quickly supply chains can get disrupted in this capacity-constrained environment. For the quarter, our NAST truckload volume was down approximately 6.5% or 5% per business day compared to first quarter of last year. While our business in the spot market increased significantly, our volume in the contractual business declined as we continued to pursue profitable volume growth by reshaping our portfolio through repricing the book of business with new and existing customers.
Michael Zechmeister: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. As Bob mentioned, we delivered solid financial results during the quarter due to strong profit growth in NAST and Global Forwarding despite lower truckload volume in NAST, where we work to improve AGP per load by addressing unprofitable loads in the tight freight market. Our total company AGP per business day was up 26% compared to Q1 of 2020, driven by performance from our ocean and truckload service teams. As a reminder, our first quarter had 1 less business day compared to Q1 of last year. On a sequential basis, all of our business segments and service lines delivered increased AGP per business day compared to Q4. Our truckload service line delivered the largest absolute increase on a sequential basis with a 6% increase in AGP per load and a 4% increase in truckload volume per business day. This sequential volume growth was achieved despite the negative impact of Winter Storm Uri in the U.S., which we estimate had a net decline of 0.5 day of truckload volume and a full day of LTL volume. On a monthly basis compared to 2020, our total company AGP per business day was up 34% in January, up 17% in February and up 26% in March.  Q1 personnel expenses were $360.8 million, up 9.3% versus Q1 of 2020, primarily due to higher incentive compensation costs that are aligned with our expected 2021 results. Q1 average head count declined 2.9% compared to Q1 last year, including the Prime acquisition, which added 1 percentage point. The Q1 growth in our business with reduced head count shows how our technology and process improvement investments are delivering efficiency to our business model. We continue to expect our full year 2021 personnel expenses to be approximately $1.4 billion, including the higher incentive compensation, the impact of our ongoing long-term cost savings efforts and the reinstatement of our company match on retirement contributions in the U.S. and Canada, which started on January 1. Q1 SG&A expenses of $118.2 million were down 7.9% compared to Q1 of 2020, driven by reduced travel and improved credit losses. We continue to forecast 2021 total SG&A expenses to be approximately $0.5 billion, including the expectation that travel expenses will build in the back half of 2021 as the impact of the pandemic subsides. 2021 SG&A is expected to include approximately $85 million to $90 million of depreciation and amortization, which is down from $102 million in 2020, primarily due to the completion of amortization related to a prior acquisition. Regarding our long-term cost reduction efforts, through Q1, we delivered approximately 90% of the $100 million per year of long-term or permanent cost savings. We expect to deliver the remaining $10 million of long-term savings by the end of Q2. In the back half of 2021 and beyond, we will continue our long-term cost savings efforts, primarily through process redesign and automation across the enterprise. Our first quarter adjusted operating margin was 31.8%, an increase of 1,250 basis points compared to Q1 last year, primarily due to the increase in adjusted gross profit and success of our cost savings efforts. The Q1 adjusted operating margin delivered on our 30% long-term enterprise margin expectation. Our first quarter effective tax rate was 18.3%, up from 17.1% in Q1 last year, due primarily to the higher income this quarter. Recall that our first quarter typically has a lower effective tax rate due to the tax benefits related to the delivery of our annual stock-based compensation in the quarter. We continue to expect our 2021 effective tax rate to be 20% to 22%, assuming no 2021 impact from changes to U.S., state or international tax laws. Q1 net income was $173.3 million, up 122% compared to Q1 last year. And as Bob highlighted, diluted earnings per share finished at $1.28, up 125% versus Q1 last year. Turning to cash flow. Q1 cash used by operations was approximately $56.7 million compared to $58.5 million provided by operations in Q1 of 2020. The $115 million decrease in operational cash flow versus Q1 last year was driven by a $468 million sequential increase in accounts receivable and contract assets compared to Q4, which was partially offset by a $216 million increase in total accounts payable and the $95 million year-over-year increase in net income. The 17.7% sequential increase in accounts receivable and contract assets was driven primarily by a sequential increase in total revenue that was more concentrated in the last 2 months of Q1 compared to Q4 as well as the mix shift associated with higher total revenue growth in Global Forwarding, where our DSO runs almost double that of our NAST business.  It's important to note that we are not seeing a deterioration in the quality of our receivables. Q1 results included sequential and year-over-year improvements in credit losses and percent of accounts receivable that are past due. Over the long term, we expect working capital to grow at a slower rate than our adjusted gross profit. Q1 capital expenditures totaled $13.5 million compared to $14.7 million in Q1 last year. We continue to expect our 2021 capital expenditures to be $55 million to $65 million. We are seeing solid results from our investments, and we'll continue to prioritize the highest returning technology initiatives on a risk-adjusted basis. We remain committed to our $1 billion investment in technology from 2019 to 2023. We returned approximately $221 million of cash to shareholders in Q1 through a combination of $151 million of share repurchases and $70 million of dividends. That level of cash returned to shareholders represents a 45% increase versus Q1 last year when we paused our share repurchase late in the quarter to assess the impact of the pandemic. During Q1 this year, we repurchased approximately 1.6 million shares at an average price of $92.84 per share. At the end of Q1, we had approximately 6.4 million shares of capacity remaining on our 15 million share repurchase authorization from May of 2018. We continue to be committed to disciplined capital stewardship, maintaining an investment-grade credit rating and returning excess cash to shareholders through dividends and opportunistic share repurchases. Now on to highlights from the balance sheet. We finished Q1 with $218 million of cash and cash equivalents, down $77 million compared to Q1 of 2020. Over the long term, we intend to carry only the cash needed to fund operations and efficiently repatriate excess cash from foreign entities. We ended Q1 with $968 million of liquidity comprised of $750 million of committed funding under our credit facility, which matures in October of 2023, and our Q1 cash balance. Our debt balance at quarter end was $1.34 billion, up $250 million versus Q1 last year. Our net debt-to-EBITDA leverage at the end of Q1 was 1.3x. I'll close by saying that I have great confidence in our team and their ability to build on the solid results from Q1 by continuing to execute our plans that generate sustainable long-term growth in our total shareholder returns.  Thank you for listening this afternoon, and I'll turn the call back over to Bob now for his final comments.
Robert Biesterfeld: Great. Thank you, Mike. So as I said in my opening comments, we're proud of the results that we delivered in the first quarter. We delivered record revenues, adjusted gross profits, net income and EPS relative to all past first quarters. We grew adjusted gross profit in the quarter by 24%, while operating expenses increased by less than 5%. This demonstrated the strength and the earnings power of our non-asset-based business model. Looking forward, we'll stay the course with our strategy of pursuing market share gains that align with our profitability expectations, and we'll continue to invest back into the business in order to drive innovation and improve service to our customers and to our carriers. Within our NAST business, based on what we know today, we expect tight market conditions to continue through the balance of the year. But regardless of how cyclical market conditions change and evolve, we'll stay focused on driving growth and expanding our business with customers across our global suite of modes and services. We're very pleased with the results from Global Forwarding, where we've built sustainable competitive advantages through the structural changes that we've made over the last few years. Across the board, as one of the world's largest aggregators of this highly fragmented and diverse carrier base on multiple continents, we're committed to creating better outcomes for our customers and carriers by delivering industry-leading technology that's built by and for supply chain experts. As shippers and carriers continue to increase their adoption of our new digital capabilities, we expect to see continued productivity benefits and to grow market share across our service lines as we create value for customers in new ways. As an organization, we're committed to continuous improvement, driving further efficiencies into the model and leveraging our unmatched combination of experience, scale, technology and information advantage to create better outcomes and to unlock growth. We're also firmly committed to being a responsible corporate citizen, and we're proud of the tools that we can now offer to advance sustainability across the logistics industry. Over the past year, all of our lives have been challenged in unforeseen ways, and the priority to build more flexible and adaptable supply chains is a top priority for shippers and receivers globally. We're uniquely positioned as an organization to offer solutions and to innovate by leveraging our non-asset-based business model, our global suite of services and the most capable team of supply chain experts in the world. The team at Robinson is excited by the opportunities in front of us and committed to providing solutions to the most difficult challenges facing our industry. Lastly, I'd like to thank the team at Robinson around the world for continuing to drive our company forward and to help us emerge stronger.  This concludes our prepared comments. And with that, I'll turn it back to Donna for the live Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: . Our first question is coming from Jack Atkins of Stephens.
Jack Atkins: I guess, Bob, first question's for you. When I think about the volume decline of 6.5%, I guess it's more like 5%, 5.5% on a per business day within the truckload operations in the quarter. And I understand it's against a more challenging year-over-year comparison in the first quarter. How do you think about when we're going to see an inflection in volume growth? I mean the productivity gains are there and they're real. We can see them in the slides that you're presenting. Is it a head count issue? Do you need more folks to be able to attack the volume?  I guess one of the biggest pushbacks I get from investors is they're just struggling to understand why such a strong transactional market isn't translating into more robust volume growth for C.H. Robinson. Can you help explain what's sort of limiting that for you guys over the last several quarters?
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. Thanks, Jack. It's a great question. And your assessment is right. The volume per day was down about 5%. I guess a relatively -- frankly, a really difficult comp. Q1 of '20 was our third highest truckload volume on record. But let's peel it back a level because if you look at just the spot market business, we had robust growth in the spot market, double-digit growth in that space. But the shift between contractual and spot is an important one that we peel back. And so I want to talk a little bit about the efforts that we took to reprice our contractual business in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter and frankly, ongoing into the second quarter. I'll start with pricing. And if we look back to where we were in the back half of 2020, we had negative files at a record level, right? Some 15% of our loads were resulting in a negative outcome. And that cost us somewhere north of $100 million in the back half of last year and negative adjusted gross profit. So we had to stare that down, first and foremost, and target a yield and an adjusted gross profit for our contractual business that was more sustainable. The second piece of that is that as we thought about where the markets were going to unfold in 2021, we had to take a position. We had to take a position because by nature, we sell long largely and buy short. And as I stated in some of my prepared comments, we believe that there's some sustainability to the market that we're in right now, given the driver shortage, given some of the delays on the order to build and the delivery cycle on Class 8s, given the continued inventory restocking, given the upcoming produce season, et cetera.  And so what we saw through our bidding activities in Q4 and into Q1 in the contractual was we took that position believing that to be correct. And that impacted us somewhat negatively in terms of our awards on a year-over-year basis with some of those customers. So we improved our adjusted gross profit per shipment in Q1, as I think I said in the earlier remarks, about 23%, certainly significantly off the trough of Q3 of last year. And we're back into a more normal range of that adjusted gross profit per load. What we've seen as the quarter has progressed, Jack, is that the market seems to be coming back a bit to our thesis. And so it now does appear, at least based on where we sit today, that this market does have some legs on it. We're seeing opportunities come back to us either through the spot market or kind of this gap between what is spot and contractual, where we're able to provide dynamic pricing, and additionally, seeing contractual opportunities come back to us with a more favorable AGP profile that's sustainable for us to help those customers through the course of the next year. I mean I was involved in a lot of customer conversations, and the point is that we wanted to put pricing in front of our customers that we could stand behind, that were good for us and good for the customer, without transferring the risk at the level that we did in 2020 because that number of negative files and those negative outcomes just simply wasn't sustainable.
Jack Atkins: Okay. That definitely helps clarify that. And just I guess for the follow-up, I mean, do you feel like now the market is coming back to you, do you feel like you're at a point now where volume growth can turn positive, and you've eliminated a lot of the issues around these negative files? And as we sort of look prospectively here with the strong freight market at our back, we should be expecting truckload volume growth beginning of the second quarter?
Robert Biesterfeld: We absolutely expect truckload volume growth through the balance of this year, Jack. As you know, the comparisons are a little bit wonky, for lack of a better term, as we go through the next few months given the impact of the pandemic last year and the ups and downs associated with the freight market there. But we do expect to deliver truckload volume growth through the balance of the year.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Todd Fowler of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Todd Fowler: Thanks for going back to the live format. Bob, just piggybacking on Jack's question. I think coming into the first quarter, you talked about $1.6 billion of the book being up to reprice. Can you talk about how much of that progress you had made in 1Q and also where you're seeing contract pricing come in at? And is it at a level right now where it's exceeding where the spot market is?
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. Thanks, Todd. It's good to be back in the live Q&A format. So if I think about the -- whether it's the $1.6 billion or whatnot -- maybe I'll phrase it a little bit differently. And we think about the contractual market that we have or our book of business. We believe that we have priced and implemented about half of our contractual business in what I'll call current pricing or pricing that was delivered in either fourth quarter or first quarter of this year. We've priced more that hasn't quite gone live yet, and we'll continue to price more in the second quarter. Based on our forecast run rate right now, by the end of the second quarter, we'll have about 75% to 80% of our contractual book repriced in either the fourth, first or second quarter. So for all practical purposes, we'll call that current truckload market pricing.
Todd Fowler: Okay. Got it. That helps. And then that's at a level that's exceeding where the spot market is right now or at least it's more current with where kind of industry pricing is.
Robert Biesterfeld: I would call it more current with our thesis of where we see the market going and where we see the market today. The spot market does continue to pull the contractual market up and not necessarily down. It's our expectation that over time, as routing guides continue to perform a bit better given the increase in pricing that perhaps that spot market does drop below the contractual market. But we -- that's yet to be seen.
Todd Fowler: Okay. Understood. And then just for my follow-up, the slides are helpful on the productivity gains. Do you think that NAST is at the point where volume growth can permanently outgrow head count growth? And what are your expectations for NAST head count for the remainder of the year?
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. Thanks, Todd. And I'm going to tie back to your question and to Jack's. We do think that over time that NAST volume in aggregate will grow at a pace above head count growth. I do think though there may be times where we need to add some head count to fuel the fire perhaps just in certain pockets of the business to unlock opportunity, and that's not a forecast that there's going to be a significant head count add. But there could be quarters or periods where those 2 things come closer together and move further apart. But over time, that long-range goal of growing volume out ahead of head count is applicable for NAST as well as forwarding.
Todd Fowler: Great. And then just any thoughts on the remainder of the year at this point for NAST.
Robert Biesterfeld: We would anticipate head count being relatively flat in NAST for the balance of this year.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Thomas Wadewitz of UBS.
Thomas Wadewitz: I wanted to, I guess, get your thoughts on kind of the progression in NAST. I guess if I go back to 2018, and I know it's not a perfect analogy, but I think it's kind of the best prior cycle year I think of. I think you tended to build stronger net revenue growth as you price up more of the contract business. I think since the challenges of third quarter last year, you have been building momentum in terms of, I think, gross profit per load you're talking about. But how do we think about that in, say, second quarter, third quarter? Would you expect further momentum in terms of net revenue growth in NAST driven by stronger -- higher contract rates or other factors? Or how would you look at the next couple of quarters?
Robert Biesterfeld: Well, I think the comparison to, call it, late '17 into '18 is an important one, and I agree with kind of the two cycles that we can refer to. If I think about kind of the -- I'm not going to call it peak to peak, but let's go back to Q1 of '18 compared to Q1 of '21. And in aggregate, what we've seen over that time period for us is customer pricing's up about 12%, carrier cost is up about 15%, right? So let's call it, on average, 5% here on the cost side and 4% a year on the customer side. So while that's a bit higher than the trailing 5- or 10-year run rate on change in rate and cost, it doesn't necessarily feel to us, Tom, that that's necessarily like a bubble in terms of where the pricing is. If you go back to our results in '18, where our adjusted gross profit per load is today is probably much more reflective of the back half of '17. And you did see that build through that cycle as we saw pricing of -- the cost of purchased transportation start to drop in the back half of '18 and the first half of '19. I'm nervous about trying to draw too many parallels between '18 and today because it does feel like there are some things today that are structurally very different than what was happening in '18.  It felt like in 2017 and '18, there were -- a lot of that was built on buying the news around electronic logging devices and the potential disruption in the marketplace and how that was going to have some artificial constraints around capacity. And today, this does feel much more driven by supply chain dislocation, driven by inventory restocking, driven by a real sustained pressure on hiring and maintaining drivers. And so I'm not in a position where I feel comfortable kind of calling the ball on how long the cycle is going to go or in what direction. But those would be maybe the parallels I'd draw between the two periods.
Thomas Wadewitz: Okay. So it's a reasonable parallel, but maybe not perfect tracking. My second question would just be how you think about sustainability of the really high level of performance in forwarding. Obviously, you're just doing -- executing well and the market is giving you a lot of opportunity in forwarding. Do you think we can stay at the kind of level of gross profit and operating income you produced in first quarter? Can you stay at that level throughout 2021? Or do you think that that's unrealistic? And I mean I wouldn't think you have much visibility on '22. But just how do you think about the forward looking in forwarding given how strong the results are?
Robert Biesterfeld: Tom, part of why we don't give guidance is because of the challenges of forecasting, just those exact things that you're asking. We're committed to delivering industry-leading operating margins in our forwarding business. We've been on record several times in that we think a sustainable 30% operating margin is really within our reach in forwarding, and we can get there over time.  Clearly, the market has been a tailwind for us on a lot of these parts of forwarding. But I do really want to hammer home the fact that Mike Short and his forwarding leadership team has just done amazing work over the course of the last few years around process standardization, about leveraging technology, around the centralization of pricing, strengthening the relationships with the steamship lines and the airlines that we really do think that we've unlocked something pretty special here ahead of where we probably thought that we could.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Scott Group of Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: So can you give us the monthly net revenue trends for NAST? And then when I look at NAST's gross revenue, it's up 14%. But truckload pricing's up 33%. LTL volume's up 17%. I know truckload volume's down 6%. But I guess I'm struggling with why the gross revenue's not up more.
Robert Biesterfeld: Sorry, Scott, I'm looking for the monthly here real quick. So let me see if I can get that.
Scott Group: I can ask another -- I can ask my second one if you want to come back to that -- to the...
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. Why don't you go ahead? And Mike, if you could find that monthly, that would be great.
Scott Group: Okay. And just on the productivity slide, it's helpful. Is there any way to think about shipment per person at LTL versus truckload? Is there a big difference there? Because clearly, we're seeing a lot more LTL growth than truckload growth. So I'm just trying to understand if that's having an impact on some of the overall productivity metrics.
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. So clearly, the outsized growth in LTL is having an impact on that blended metric of shipments per person per day. But I think it's also just net of the LTL, we removed about 900 to 1,000 heads from NAST over the course of the last couple of years. And so that in itself, I mean, taking head count down by about 12% has had an impact there against both the truckload and the LTL. But no question, the growth in LTL has helped to improve that metric.
Michael Zechmeister: And what we provide is our company AGP per business day. And there, we're up 34% in January, up 17% in February and up 26% in March year-over-year.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jason Seidl of Cowen.
Jason Seidl: A couple of quick questions. One, on the NAST side, how should we think about your 3Q comparison in terms of your gross margins? Because if I recall, last third quarter, just the pace that spot moved up was just something that I have never seen before. And so I would imagine that would have impacted your ability to adapt in the marketplace. So if we just assume spot continues to remain strong but doesn't move up as much as it did last year, should we expect more improvement in your gross margins in 3Q on a year-over-year basis?
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. I mean 3Q for us last year was the trough in terms of our truckload earnings from an adjusted gross profit per load. I mean that was the absolute low point in, frankly, the last decade. And so it would be likely that we would expect improved operating margins relative to that.
Jason Seidl: Okay. I want to switch over a little bit now on your forwarding side and talk a little bit about any ocean business you may have. It seems like some of the ocean shipping lines are actually changing the length of some of the contracts that they're giving to some of their customers. How does that impact the business, if at all, going forward?
Robert Biesterfeld: Our ocean procurement strategy is really a blend of long-term and shorter-term commitments. And so we haven't seen any noticeable impact from some of the stated changes around length and terms of contracts. One of the things that I think we've seen as a byproduct of the way that some of the ship -- the carriers have been managing pricing is a greater demand for the need for NVOs like us because of the complexity, because of the changes in the environment. We're seeing larger shippers, larger BCOs come to us to help them navigate the ever-changing global ocean landscape, which is we've seen that's driven up our average award sizes, that's driven up the average size of our customers. So that's been a nice win for us there.
Jason Seidl: That's good color. So in terms of your overall length of your contracts and the blend, you haven't really seen any change in that?
Robert Biesterfeld: We really have not.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Chris Wetherbee of Citi.
Christian Wetherbee: I guess I wanted to come back to NAST and maybe ask a sort of market dynamic question. Truckload volume was down. Your margins were impacted presumably by sort of the move in spot rates that we saw intra-quarter. I guess you guys are obviously talking about sort of reducing some of the negative loads, but it feels like the combination of loads and margins doesn't necessarily square as well as maybe you would have thought if you were sort of preserving price and not necessarily seeding share. So I guess I just wanted to maybe understand what you see as the competitive market dynamic in the brokerage market right now specifically as it pertains to truckload because we are seeing some management of margins and some volume gains coming from admittedly your smaller carrier competitors. But I guess I just wanted to make sure I understood sort of where you see yourself in the market and maybe how you think you can kind of grow into this market.
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. So again, I'll start with the comparison as a point here. In first quarter last year, I think our truckload volume was up about 7.5% against -- we've used the industry dynamic of Cass being down about 9%. And we were very counter to the rest of the industry or too much of the industry in first quarter last year in terms of that metric, and so we've got a little bit of a different starting place. Our primary focus has been on profitable market share gains, right, and again, evaluating that portfolio getting the adjusted gross profit back into a normal range. Through the quarter here, in Q1, we saw positive volume growth in January. And then as we implemented some of these newer bids, that started to turn negative in February and March, which landed us at that 5% down per business day. But like I said earlier, we do expect to be able to drive volume growth throughout the balance of this year at much more appropriate adjusted gross profit per shipment, which we think is the right decision to make for our customers because it allows us to be more sustainable for them where and when they need us. And we also think it's the right decision for our shareholders. Eliminating -- taking swings at that $100 million of negative files that occurred in the second half of last year, we think, is in the best interest of everybody because it's just not sustainable.
Christian Wetherbee: Okay. Okay. That's helpful. And when you think about that sort of approach, particularly as you think about the book of business that maybe wasn't profitable, how much do you think that actually can come back on to your network? Or does that mostly get seeded out to other people who are willing to maybe take a little bit of a lower margin for it? Is it the kind of business that can ultimately come back to Robinson to drive volume growth in the future for you?
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. There's not an easy answer to that just given the number of customers that we work with and the different customers, the way that they approach the market. I would tell you that there are a number -- I've had some really good conversations with customers where the conversation has simply been, look, we may just disagree at this point in time about the direction that the market is moving. And if our award has to be cut back because of that, that's fine.  We'll figure out the way to best serve that customer, and that may not end up being primarily in the contractual marketplace. That's where we've got the benefit of pivoting and saying, if you've got somebody that you believe can move that freight for less at the same service level for some period of time, that's the customer's prerogative to certainly make that choice. But if that doesn't work out, then we're there to step in on the backside. And that's what's driven a lot of the spot market growth over the course of the first quarter here as well. And we would expect that to continue.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Bascome Majors of Susquehanna.
Bascome Majors: Earlier, you talked about the gross profit per load in truckload today looking more like the second half of '17 than 2018 in a cyclical context. Can you let us know how far below sort of the peak profit period in second half '18, 1 half '19 we're tracking now? And is there a potential path back to that level if the cycle and the execution conspire in your favor over the next few quarters?
Robert Biesterfeld: We're kind of within mid-single digits, mid- to high single digits of what I call that trailing average right now, Bascome, right? Now that's -- if you throw out Q3 '18, Q4 '18, Q1, Q2 '19, kind of that 4-quarter period, those are really the outliers. I mean if you look at our business over the course of the last 15 years, those 4 quarters were absolute outliers in terms of the adjusted gross profit per shipment. And I don't know that there's a path back to those numbers in the immediate future. And I think we found that the market conditions were very unique there. I mean literally, the costs absolutely fell out of the market for whatever reason and that we've seen now this incredibly violent whip back over the course of the last 4 quarters. And so I don't know that we get back to those numbers, but we want to get back closer to that average and kind of play in what is typically a much more tightly bound range of our margins -- our net revenue dollars -- or sorry, adjusted gross profit dollars, kind of flexing up 10% one direction or down 10% the other direction and trying to eliminate some of those peaks and valleys.
Bascome Majors: And to an earlier comment as a follow-up on the contractual business and some of your comments that you made previously and today about contract duration maybe getting a little shorter in some cases to clear those discussions. Can you talk about how much of your contractual business is on a 2-, 3-, 6-month, whatever that number is, contract versus your traditional 1 year and how that could impact some of the cyclical volatility in your margins?
Robert Biesterfeld: I don't have an exact percent right now, Bascome, but I would tell you that it's a much higher percent than we've had at any point in the past. I mean the proliferation of mini-bids and short-term, 2 and 3 month kind of bridge pricing commitments, we've seen that more frequently here as of late than at any point that I can recall. And I think that's been a good thing for both shippers and transportation service providers such as us to try to derisk in the short term in order to get to a better long-term commitment that works for both parties. I'd be guessing to give you a number there, and I just don't want to -- I don't want to go on record with that.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Bruce Chan of Stifel.
Jizong Chan: Bob, maybe the first one here for you. You talked a little bit earlier about fully digital bookings in NAST and uptake on the TPE engine. And I'm wondering how you think about freight forwarding in that context. Is there a goal or even the ability to digitize ocean, for example, to that same extent? And if so, how far behind is forwarding from NAST?
Robert Biesterfeld: It's a really good question, and it's one -- and my short answer is yes. We believe that there is an opportunity there to introduce more digital capabilities between the customer and Robinson on the forwarding side. We have not invested significantly in that space up to this point. And it's an area where we continue to discuss how and where to prioritize that given the kind of the process that we go through in terms of prioritizing our technology investments where they can have the greatest impact. We think that there's a there, there. We haven't gotten too far down that path as of yet would be the best way that I'd characterize that.
Jizong Chan: Okay. That's fair. And then maybe my related follow-up here. You gave a head count outlook for NAST as roughly flat for the balance of the year. What is that for Global Forwarding this year? And then maybe just in general, where does that number go long term in Global Forwarding versus NAST?
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. If you look at our forwarding business, as it relates to head count, we tend to spend most of our time talking about head count in NAST, where NAST's head count has been down, I think, 7 quarters in a row. But looking at forwarding, they have been down slightly in each of the past 5 quarters as well. And against that, we're delivering double-digit growth in ocean and -- over the past couple of quarters and now strong ocean air growth this quarter. Enterprise-wide really, Bruce, we're pretty focused on trying to keep that head count level kind of flattish this year. I think that that's in the playbook for forwarding as well. You've seen forwarding even through their acquisitions, they've still been able to keep relatively flat head count. So I think that speaks to some of the progress that they're making around operational uniformity and using technology internally to deliver better outcomes. But flat is kind of the general tone.
Jizong Chan: Okay. So maybe if I could just sneak in one more follow-up there. I guess the expectation would be that you'd be keeping revenues at an elevated level on top of that flattish base of head count in order to kind of maintain these target margin levels. Is that fair?
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. I certainly think that the revenue run rate will kind of play out over the course of the next couple of quarters. But we have given guidance, if we'd call it guidance, around our personnel expense and our SG&A that we've provided in past quarters of personnel around 0.5 billion -- or personnel around $1.4 billion and SG&A around $500 million. We still think that holds together as we look at our forecast through the balance of the year. And that's obviously an enterprise number. Yes. And maybe just one other point that I'd make. We've talked a lot about flat head count, but I really want to go back again to the thesis that it's about growing volume ahead of head count. We're not afraid to add head count. We're not holding back on adding head count. It's just a matter of making that commitment that we believe that we can deliver volume growth in excess of whatever that head count add is.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Ken Hoexter of Bank of America.
Ken Hoexter: Again, I agree, thanks for returning to the live Q&A. And congrats on solid results. Just to clarify, Bob, your comments on pricing and spot. Are you suggesting that we're at or near a peak? Or I just want to -- because it sounded like you were going back and forth that this may be as good as it gets or -- but then you also threw in it's going to hold out a couple more quarters. So just maybe thoughts on that. And then the question I want to ask was your percent of transactions that are now fully digital on the NAST side. Can you maybe give us a little more detail on that?
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. I'm not forecasting whether we're at a peak or not at a peak. I mean everything that we see today in our model is that spot market pricing is still elevated relative to contractual pricing. And in my experience, spot always tends to lead contract. And so that would tell me that there's potentially still some room to run on the upside on the contractual pricing. So to me, peak is maybe defined when that spot starts falling beneath the contract. But anyway, that's kind of my opinion on where we're at there and realizing I'm not a very good prognosticator at where these markets go. In terms of the fully automated or fully digital, it's a difficult question to answer, and I'm not trying to be elusive just because there is no universal definition of what a fully automated shipment looks like. And I could give you statistics on the customer side that say everything on the customer side is fully automated, and then out of carrier side, things are fully automated, and those 2 lines may not cross perfectly. We've made significant increases if I just talk about the carrier side and the fully digital bookings. I think the run rate was 50% more carriers participate in kind of the auto booking functionality in Navisphere Driver and Navisphere Carrier this quarter than we did last quarter. Every week, it seems as though we're taking -- we're making a step change in terms of the amount of our business that is moving in a fully digital manner. If I were to put an estimate against it, I'd say we're still probably sub-20% of our total truckload volume that's moving in a fully automated manner with our carriers. And that could be the automated booking, auto tenders. There's multiple ways in which we automate that with carriers, but that would be my estimate of where we sit today.
Ken Hoexter: That's great. And then just a follow-up then on your thoughts on the progress. If we're going to stay tight for a couple more quarters in this market, and it doesn't seem to be letting up in the near term, how do you think about NAST margins as you progress through that?
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. We've repriced 50% of our contractual business by the end of second quarter and implemented that pricing. We'll be at 75% to 80% by the end of third quarter -- or second quarter rather. And that's age-old pricing, right, that we're replacing. That was quoted middle of last year in very different market conditions. So as we reprice that, that should deliver an uplift in AGP per load. I think one of the things that we saw in February, Ken, was the impact of the Winter Storm Uri and how dislocating that was for the marketplace. I think as we look through the second quarter and we think about the CBSA road check and the impacts of that on carrier costs, as we think about Mother's Day rush, as we think about the produce season and how that unwraps, I think we'll all learn a lot about the fragility or the stability of this market as some of these things roll in, and we'll see how able the capacity network is to respond to those in kind. And so I think that will set the tone for the balance of the year.
Operator: We're showing time for one last question today. Our final question will be coming from Amit Mehrotra of Deutsche Bank.
Amit Mehrotra: Bob, just a quick question about the weather in the quarter. Just wondering if the weather, particularly in Texas, allowed you guys to maybe pull forward some contract repricing. It seemed like a pretty real force majeure event. I'm just not sure if that gave you guys the opportunity to revisit contracts earlier. And if I think about shipper behavior during kind of a crazy period like this, are you seeing shippers kind of move more towards -- or gravitate towards carriers with actual assets given kind of the deeper -- the depth of the routing guide and maybe that may explain some of the market share shifts? If you could just talk a little bit about that.
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. So the -- related to the storm in February, I think what that really did was it took a period of time that was normally kind of a cooling off period in the market and it just drove it right out of town, right? And it eliminated that time when rates typically come back a bit in the spot. It didn't cause us to call force majeure with any contracts. It certainly influenced some of the conversations on the other side of that. If there was wide gaps between when pricing was submitted, say, in late fourth quarter, early first quarter and wasn't being implemented until later in the quarter, it brought to life some conversations there about where we saw the market going, and that certainly influenced some of our thoughts on where we saw the market going.  The impact of the business, though, we believe we lost about a day of revenue in LTL and about 0.5 day of revenue in truckload, net-net. Once we figured out 1 day of LTL, 0.5 day of truckload, net-net, once we kind of figured out the pull forward and the lost shipping. So that's kind of what I'd comment about that. In terms of the thesis that the market is shifting more towards asset-based players, we've certainly not seen that in any way. I mean there -- the demand for our services has been robust. I can't think of many instances where we've been excluded from a large bid. It's quite the opposite of that, I would say.
Amit Mehrotra: Okay. That's helpful. And just as a follow-up. We talked a lot about technology and digital freight matching. You guys obviously have a platform that can match demand and supply, a digital platform. But just wondering how you guys measure how well you're buying capacity programmatically. If you can help us think about that in terms of maybe identifying backhaul capacity or just however you look at it that maybe can programmatically drive down the buy rates and improve the margins.
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. We continue to monitor the buy rates that we achieve in the marketplace against a couple of different publicly available indices, and we look at how that moves, both on our digital bookings, our manual bookings, and we continue to tune our engines to try to keep those things in line. We know that given our size, given the density of our freight network that we historically do purchase transportation at less than those publicly available benchmarks are, mostly because we're eliminating so many empty miles for these carriers that net-net, it's better for the carrier and better for our customers as well.
Amit Mehrotra: And last follow-up here, if I could. Do you think that this volatility over the last 6 months or so, really over the last year, has made shippers embrace digital marketplaces a little bit more wholeheartedly? And just related to that, like what is your assessment of where you think take rates or gross margins are going to evolve kind of 5 years from now as some of these digital-only platforms kind of continue to grow in scale? I mean that would be really helpful because I think we're all trying to figure out where the terminal value of this is. And it would be helpful if you had a sense -- or if you could offer a sense of where you think that -- where net revenue margins kind of play out over time.
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. So like I've stated a couple of times, I talked to a lot of our customers. And I don't know that any of the customers that I talk to think that the future of surface-based transportation is a 100% digital-only play. I think quite the opposite, the volatility of the course of the last year has shown the importance of having really, really good people, coupled with really, really good technology and a really, really big base of carriers that allows you to converge those things together because ultimately, our customers -- first and foremost, we're an execution company, right?  Our customers come to us to execute really difficult, challenging things for them in their supply chain where nobody else can or is either willing or able to do those things. And we do that through digital, but we also do that through old school, rolling up the sleeves and making sure that the promises that we make are promises delivered for our customers. So there's a value to that. And I don't think the terminal value of that is 5% margins 5 years from now. I think that the value that we create is very unique, and we'll continue to make that more digital. But digital is just part of the story, right? Our rush is to provide the best service we can for customers at a fair value that helps them to derisk their supply chain without us taking all that risk on ourselves and doing that in a more efficient and more effective way through great people, great technology and evolving digital experience, but not a digital-only experience.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Ives for closing comments.
Charles Ives: Yes. Thanks, everybody. That concludes today's earnings call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you again. Have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines or log off the webcast at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Fourth Quarter 2020 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today's presentation, Chuck Ives will facilitate a review of previously submitted questions.  As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, January 27, 2021. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chuck Ives, Director of Investor Relations.
Chuck Ives: Thank you, Donna, and good morning, everyone. On the call with me today is Bob Biesterfeld, our Chief Executive Officer; and Mike Zechmeister, our Chief Financial Officer. Bob and Mike will provide a summary of our 2020 fourth quarter results. We will follow their comments with responses to the pre-submitted questions that we received after our earnings release yesterday.
Bob Biesterfeld: Thank you, Chuck, and good morning everyone. Our fourth quarter was marked by solid performance across our broad service portfolio, continued progress on repricing our truckload business to reflect the changing market conditions and further advancements in our technology and transformation efforts that are providing meaningful improvements to our business results.  Our global forwarding business sustained their strong execution in the fourth quarter. In our ocean business, the contracting number of carriers with meaningful size continue to value working with a global freight forwarder, with our scale and reputation and ocean shippers are increasingly coming to Robinson to meet their capacity needs as other providers fail to do so. The air market continues to be impacted by reduced cargo capacity. Air charters have evolved into a sustainable piece of our procurement strategy and we again augmented our capacity in Q4 with charter flights to support demand from both existing and new customers. As a result, our shipment sizes have increased and our air tonnage is up year-over-year, despite the number of air shipments decreasing. Shippers continue to rely on Robinson's global supply chain expertise and our data and scale advantages to ensure critical goods are moved as quickly and as inexpensively as possible. 
Mike Zechmeister: Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. Our fourth quarter total revenues increased by 19.9% compared to Q4 2019 driven primarily by higher pricing and higher volume across the majority of our transportation service lines. Total company adjusted gross profit increased 10.7% in the fourth quarter, primarily due to our Global Forwarding business delivering a $51 million increase in adjusted gross profit, up 39.6% compared to Q4 of 2019. As Chuck stated at the beginning of the call, we have renamed the term net revenue to adjusted gross profit with no change to the composition for what is included in that metric. Within Global Forwarding in Q4, our ocean business had the largest increase in adjusted gross profit, up $39 million or 53% versus Q4 of 2019, driven by higher pricing and higher volume. On a monthly basis, compared to 2019, our total company adjusted gross profit per business day was up 8% in October, up 7% in November and up 17% in December. Q4 personnel expenses totaled $309.3 million, up 3.4% versus Q4 of 2019. Recall that Q4 last year included a reduction in incentive compensation that aligned with the softer results. Average headcount in Q4 decreased 4.8% compared to Q4 of 2019, including the Prime acquisition which added 2 percentage points. Looking forward, we expect our 2021 personnel expenses to be approximately $1.4 billion based on our expectation of improved adjusted gross profit in 2021 and the higher incentive compensation aligned with those results. 2021 personnel expense also includes the impact of our ongoing long-term and short-term cost savings efforts including the reinstatement of the company match on retirement contributions in the US and Canada as of January 1. Q4 SG&A expenses of $124.5 million were down $18.6 million or 13% compared to Q4 of 2019, primarily due to continued reductions in travel expenses. We expect our 2021 total SG&A expenses will be approximately a $0.5 billion with travel expenses building in the back half of 2021 as the impact of the pandemic subsides. 2021 SG&A is expected to include $85 million to $90 million of depreciation and amortization which is down from $102 million in 2020, primarily due to completing the amortization related to a prior acquisition. In 2020, we delivered approximately two-thirds of $100 million per year of long-term or permanent cost savings. As we indicated on our Q3 earnings call, we expect to deliver the remainder of that $100 million in long-term savings by mid-2021. For 2021 and beyond, we will continue to deliver long-term cost savings primarily through process redesign and automation across the enterprise. One example is the continued optimization of our real estate footprint across the network as we expect flexible work arrangements to become more prominent post pandemic.
Bob Biesterfeld: Thank you, Mike. By all accounts 2020 was a most unusual and challenging year, but we are emerging stronger. We expect the trends and improving pricing within NAST to continue. We're pleased with the growth in our Global Forwarding business and we believe that we have a sustainable competitive advantage. The digitization of our business will continue and we are enabling more and more of our volume to be transacted in a fully automated manner.  As shippers and carriers continue to increase their adoption of these new platform capabilities, we expect to see continued productivity benefits as well as growth with both customers and carriers that prefer to operate in it's truly frictionless environment. Due to several factors including the shortages in the number of drivers and available carrier capacity, freight markets remain tight and we anticipate that this will continue for much of 2021. We're committed to creating better outcomes for our customers and our carriers by delivering industry-leading technology that's built by and for our supply chain experts and by leveraging our global portfolio of services and our unmatched combination of experience, scale and information advantage to meet their ever-changing needs. We're also firmly committed to the key interest of our investors, including profitable market share growth, investing in technology to unlock both growth and efficiency, while being a responsible corporate citizen and driving the transformation of C.H Robinson, so that we can continue to deliver industry-leading margins and enhance shareholder value. I'm incredibly proud of the resiliency, the compassion and the dedication that the Robinson team members around the world have displayed during these unprecedented times and I thank them for continuing to drive our company forward, despite the disruptions caused by COVID-19 and for helping our company to emerge stronger. That concludes our prepared comments. And with that, I'll turn it back to Donna, so we can answer the pre-submitted questions.
Operator:  Mr. Ives, the floor is yours for the question-and-answer session.
Chuck Ives: Thank you, Donna. First, I would like to thank the many analysts and investors for taking the time to submit questions after our earnings release yesterday. For today's Q&A session, I will frame-up the question and then turn it over to Bob or Mike for a response. Our first question is for Bob from Todd Fowler with KeyBanc, Chris Wetherbee from Citi, Jack Atkins from Stephens, Tom Wadewitz from UBS and Brandon Oglenski from Barclays, asked similar questions. How should we think about North American truckload volume growth? Is this a focus for Robinson or can productivity improvements offset more segment volumes driving increased profitability? What is the right environment for Robinson to increase North American truckload volumes?
Bob Biesterfeld: Thanks, Chuck, and thank you gentlemen for the question. So for the year our truckload volumes and NAST were basically flat, but our combined volumes, as I said earlier, between both truckload and LTL outpaced the rate of growth in the Cass Freight Index in each of the past eight quarters. As I've said publicly several times, two of our primary initiatives are focused on taking share across all of our services certainly inclusive of truckload and improving our operating margins across the business. Growing profitable North American truckload volume remains a key focus for our team in NAST, and we feel has confident ever that the strength and our value proposition across the spectrum of our customers that we serve from the largest most complex shippers in the world to thousands of Main Street businesses. We're also going to be thoughtful about how these two goals around growing market share through volume growth and improving operating margin can sometimes be at odds. So with cost increasing in the third quarter at 16% versus last year and then increasing over 32% in the fourth quarter against some contracts that were priced towards the tail end of 2019 in a very different marketplace, we had to make some intentional decision throughout the quarter in how we are going to manage through that environment and evaluate where those critical customers where we needed to honor our commitments and where we're going to seek some pricing relief, based on the marketplace and potentially put some volume at risk. And in some cases where we couldn't reach mutually agreed to plans to move forward, we needed to exit some business if there wasn't a clear path to profitability. I would also say to keep in mind that we had about $300 million in business that we were expecting to reprice during the fourth quarter that was subsequently pushed out to the first quarter of this year. And in cases where we agreed to short-term committed pricing with those customers, the manner in which we calculate spot versus contract actually identify these shipments as spot for the quarter. So we experienced strong growth in the spot market this quarter, but it wasn't enough to offset some of the declines in our contract portfolio. In terms of the conversation about productivity, we continue to see a large profitability unlock there. As we said the shipments per person per day were up 26% in the back half of the year and our capabilities to drive frictionless and automated transactions continue to expand and our cost to execute a shipment in that arena is down significantly on a year-over-year basis. So regardless of where we are in the cycle our focus continues to be on improving our shipments per person per day and lowering our cost basis per transaction through improvements in our process and automation, while still seeking to gain share.
Chuck Ives: The next question is from Jack Atkins with Stephens, Todd Fowler with KeyBanc, and Allison Landry from Credit Suisse asked similar questions. Bob from a bigger picture perspective, what inning do you think you are in terms of your digital transformation and what are some of the major projects you expect to undertake in 2021?
Bob Biesterfeld: So I guess in fairness to sports analogies, I use an innings analogy last quarter when talking about the freight cycle. So maybe this quarter given that the Super Bowl is right around the corner, I'll use a football analogy. When we initially talked of our $1 billion investment in tech, we time boxed that as 2019 to 2023. So if you just think about that, we're couple of years into a five-year plan. So maybe not quite at halftime but midway through the second quarter and push them towards the end zone. Over the past several quarters, we've announced several strategic partnerships with companies like Microsoft and Intel and most recently SAS, with each of these partnerships bringing new capabilities to life in our platform ecosystem. And we've delivered new products like Freight quote by C.H. Robinson and procure IQ and it really extended the reach of our platform capabilities through our commercial connectivity initiatives that connect Navisphere into an industry-leading number of ERP and TMS systems. We've also established and launched our customer R&D incubator, which we call Robinson Labs.  We've delivered capabilities enabling automated pricing for our customers across truckload and LTL as well as automated load booking for our customers and carriers and adoption continues to increase. Our Navisphere vision product continues to grow and add users as we add additional industry-leading capabilities to that product that provides global visibility across all modes and all geographies to inventory in motion and at rest. In terms of our Navisphere carrier platform, we're meeting carriers how and where they want to do business. We're developing solutions to improve the business outcomes in the quality of life for owner operators and this is increasingly being executed through our web and mobile platforms and this is a form that's clearly a priority investment for us. We do believe that we're providing the best possible opportunities for carriers based on its scale and our ability to optimize and provide personal offerings for each carrier on our platform.  In the backside of all these customer carrier facing products and innovations, we also continued to invest in the scalability, the stability and the security of our systems as we transition more fully to the Azure Cloud. So we are going to have several more announcements coming in the coming quarters that we're really excited about, but I also want to be clear on our strategy that we're not building necessarily a silver bullet or a big reveal in the background. This isn't going to be a big bang approach. We're taking an agile approach to all of this and we're continuing to look at prioritizing those projects on the roadmap that we think have the highest return for our shareholders and the greatest value for our customers and carriers. We also have to realize too that most of these technology changes that we're launching are accompanied by changes are operating model and areas of focus for many of our people. So much of what we talked about as it relates to our digital transformation and the public forum is around at NAST, but we also know that opportunities across our portfolio and work is underway across the board in each of our business units. And the couple of data points that we shared in the deck, in our prepared comments today around the NAST Productivity Index, the improvement in shipments per person per day and the fact that we had over 7 million load searches last quarter alone returning an opportunity for a carrier to automatically book a truckload are all proof points of the roadmap is moving ahead and delivering strong results. Part of what makes this a tough question to answer is that while we time box that $1 billion investment from 2019 to 2023, we know that there is really no stock point for innovation. And so, as part of our values of evolving constantly, we're going to continue to evolve, we're going to continue to innovate and as soon as we finish out these four years we'll be on to getting prepared for that next investment in that next horizon.
Chuck Ives: Our next question is from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer and Todd Fowler with KeyBanc, Bascome Majors with Susquehanna asked a similar question. Adjusted operating margin inflected positive and was up 870 basis points year-over-year to 32.3% in Q4 of 2020. Do you view the current margin level as sustainable or expandable in coming quarters? With mix of business and productivity enhancements, can you provide an update to what you view as normalized net operating margins for NAST? From a financial standpoint, besides headcount where or how will these surfaces in reported results?
Mike Zechmeister: Thanks for the questions. I think it's important to note that our long-term operating margin targets or adjusted operating margin targets as we're now calling them have not changed. For the enterprise our long-term target for adjusted operating margin continues to be 30% or better, continued productivity improvements will be a tailwind to help us offset some of the expected headwinds that we've talked about in 2021, like incentive compensation and the return of some of the short-term cost savings from 2020. For NAST, our long-term adjusted operating margin target continues to be 40% with the ongoing expectation to grow volume faster than headcount. So shipments per person per day is a good way for you to see our productivity initiatives coming through in our results. For Global Forwarding, our long-term target continues to be 30%, while we delivered 32.5% in Q4, which exceeds our long-term target, we would suggest that mid-20s is a better way to think about it as the margin normalizes over the near-term.
Chuck Ives: The next question for Bob comes from Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please speak to the strength in ocean given congestions and overall robust demand can this last through more than the peak season?
Bob Biesterfeld: So from where we sit today, there's nothing showing us that demand for Robinson Services are necessarily slowing down in the ocean space. I think it's well known that historically in the winter months carriers are typically instituting more blank sailings and removing double-digit percentages of capacity in order to adjust to lower demand and we're just not seeing that manifest itself this year, which tells us that demand is there and things really aren't slowing down. Our bookings are really strong as we look out for the next several weeks to comment as we engage with our clients, their forecasts are strong and frankly new customers are coming to us daily for space and that list of new customers is longer today than it's ever been. I think our global scale continues to enable us to provide capacity solutions in the ocean space especially in our core trade lanes where others are not, and again I want to reinforce just the strength of the commercial activity in our forwarding business and the amount of new sales and growth with existing customers is just been really, really strong in the ocean space.
Chuck Ives: The next question for Bob is from Jack Atkins with Stephens; Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer; Chris Wetherbee with Citi; Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan; and Brandon Oglenski with Barclays asked similar questions. After such a strong result in Global Forwarding in 2020, how should we think about your ability to hold onto the gains you have seen over the past 12 months in adjusted gross profit per load in your air freight and ocean freight operations?
Bob Biesterfeld: So eventually that balance of supply and demand will come back into more normal cadences in both air and ocean. And so, as that happens, we do anticipate that our adjusted gross profit per shipment could come down from some of the historical highs that we've experienced in different quarters in 2020. We've evidenced some of that normalization already when we look back at the peaks of air freight in the second quarter and how that's played out through the balance of this year. Again it's critical to reinforce so that we believe that we've taken several structural steps in our forwarding business, including our global procurement strategy, the addition of more charters to our air freight mix which is becoming a more and more important part of our offering there, and the use of more advanced pricing analytics in setting our pricing strategies that we believe are going to continue to improve results over our historical revenue in past quarters, regardless of those market conditions in both air and ocean.  So our story in forwarding isn't really just a story of margin expansion. We've had great volume gains in both air and ocean in terms of air tonnage and TEUs on the water driven by that commercial activity that I just mentioned.
Chuck Ives: The next question for Mike is from Jack Atkins with Stephens; Chris Wetherbee with Citi; Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer; and Allison Landry with Credit Suisse asked similar questions. Given the strong productivity gains you are making in the business, how should we think about headcount in 2021 versus the consolidated Q4 level of approximately 14,900? Can you hold it flat in a robust freight here?
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. With the solid momentum on productivity initiatives, we delivered the improvements in the NAST Productivity Index and the shipments per person per day that you saw on the charts in our Q4 presentation. So your question is a good one, because we also expect robust freight in 2021. Taking into account continued progress on productivity initiatives and covering the expected demands of the business, at this point, we would expect average headcount for 2021 to be closer to or slightly higher than our Q4 ending headcount of 14,888. That said, our focus is on driving productivity per person. So, we will manage our staff opportunistically to drive overall value for the enterprise by flexing up or down appropriately to capture opportunities for growth and deliver additional efficiencies.
Chuck Ives: Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo asked the next question for Bob. Several other analysts asked similar questions. How are you thinking about managing through the current cost environment, where you note in your slide that cost are up 32.5%. If we remain at this elevated level, can pricing push higher than this quarter's 29.5% increase to help offset this headwind? Or is this a phenomenon we should expect throughout 2021?
Bob Biesterfeld: Thanks, Allison. I'm going to try to answer this by putting this quarter into the context of what we've seen broadly over the past decade. So if we think about actual customer rate and carrier cost per mile, excluding fuel, so not rate of change, but actual customer rate per mile and actual carrier rate per mile, Q4 represented the highest average rates that we've seen on record over the past decade. Additionally, the year-over-year change in rate and the change in cost were the highest rate of change that we've seen in both metrics over the past decade as well. So if we look back a bit, the previous peak in terms of the rate of change in price and cost occurred back in the first quarter of 2018 around 24% and 25% respectively. And it wasn't until two quarters after that where we had -- at Robinson experienced the peak in terms of actual price and actual cost per mile on a rate per mile basis. So, if we compare the average truckload price in fourth quarter of 2020 to the previous peak in customer pricing in Q3 of 2018, customer pricing has only increased by an absolute value of 7% over that time period peak-to-peak. So when we make that same comparison on cost per mile, costs are up about 13%, again making that peak-to-peak comparison. So in terms of the rate of change, I certainly don't expect costs or customer pricing to continue to increase at such a high rate that we experienced in the fourth quarter as we know contracts are going to continue to reprice, spot market demand will soften because of that and the cycle will play out as it largely normally does. But in terms of actual price and actual cost per mile, on the customer side, a 7% increase over the time horizon greater than a couple of years, really isn't outside of the ordinary, and so we see pricing in the customer side likely kind of maintaining an intensely gravitating higher throughout the course of the year. In terms of cost per mile, as more freight moves out of the spot market and in the contracts, we would expect to see some moderation in cost relative to what we saw in fourth quarter. So if we look within the fourth quarter, we did see this start to play out and that trend is now carrying into January. So to go a little deeper, in October, the rate of change in price exceeded the rate of change in cost by about 400 basis points. In November that came down about 300 basis points and in December that rate of change and cost and rate was basically moving at the same at the same at equilibrium. And in January, we've seen this inflect with the change in customer pricing being around 100 basis points above the change in carrier cost. On a sequential basis, both cost per mile and customer rate per mile are moderating some in January when compared to December, but they're still up on a year-over-year basis. It's probably also worth noting that in the fourth quarter with such a robust peak season, it isn't necessarily out of character for our costs to increase faster than price in that environment, given that we purchased transportation largely in the spot market, while more than half of our customer pricing is tied to contracts that typically extend out the year in length.
Chuck Ives: The next question is for Bob from Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs; Matt Young with Morningstar; Bruce Chan with Stifel; and Allison Landry from Credit Suisse asked the similar question. What are your thoughts on the air freight forwarding markets specifically in the capacity situation and how it relates to air cargo rates as we move into the tougher comparisons of Q2 of 2021?
Bob Biesterfeld: So there is no doubt that the second quarter of 2020 was the peak in terms of air cargo pricing and will definitely represent a tough comparable for us. In the macro freight environment, though, there really hasn't been much indication of adding meaningful capacity outside of charters in the foreseeable future and as we see additional lockdowns occurring in different countries, we're hearing more and more that is becoming difficult to staff some of these flights which could add a constrain as well. We're expecting that space will remain tight and demand will remain strong with the vaccine rollout and with all the supporting products PPE, etcetera, along with continued low inventory levels. So available capacity is likely to continue to be an issue until such a point that passenger flights really start coming back to more normal levels on international air travel.
Chuck Ives: The next question comes from Jack Atkins with Stephens; Chris Wetherbee from Citi; and Todd Fowler from KeyBanc asked similar questions. Mike, given all the puts and takes around expenses in 2020 and the return of temporary costs and incentive compensation in 2021, could you provide us with some insight into how we should think about personnel cost inflation per employee in 2021 versus a similar point in the last freight cycle in 2018?
Mike Zechmeister: Good question. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we expect our 2021 personnel expenses to be approximately $1.4 billion, which is based on our expectation of improved adjusted gross profit in 2021 and higher incentive compensation line with those results. Regarding the return of temporary cost savings from 2020, the most significant within personnel expense would be the return of the company match on retirement contributions for employees in the US and Canada, which came back on January 1. You mentioned 2018. I do think 2018 provides a meaningful point of comparison for personnel expense expectations in 2021. As you recall 2018 was a year of strong performance for Robinson, which led to higher incentive costs including bonuses, equity and commissions. So given where we are in the freight cycle, it would be reasonable to think about 2021 in comparison to 2018. Specifically, if you look at total personnel cost per employee in 2018, we were a little over $88,000 per employee. If you add 2% inflation per year to get from 2018 to 2021, it gives you a decent outlook relative to our expectations for 2021. That outlook combined with the staffing expectations that I talked about earlier, gets you to our overall personnel expense expectations of $1.4 billion for 2021.
Chuck Ives: The next question for Bob is from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays; Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan; and Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley asked similar questions. Was the decline in truckload contractual mix to 55% a strategic decision or more of the result of capitalizing in the near term or record spot rates. Understanding that management is expecting a continuation of market tightness for much of the year, when would be a good time in the cycle to seek higher contractual mix exposure?
Bob Biesterfeld: So, there's a couple of questions there. I'd start with saying that the 55%-45% mix is really a blend of some intentional choices in managing the yield within our portfolio as well as just market-driven factors that simply is more freight more to the spot market is routing guides fall – fail in the industry and repricing occurs with higher frequency, our mix tends to shift in that direction as well as you've seen through time. Our spot and contract mix over the past couple of quarters closely mirrors that of really third quarter of '17 through maybe the third quarter of '18, call it the past peak cycle where our mix ranged from 50%-50% to 60%-40% being more heavily to contract. Looking through the past several years, 50%-50% was really the lowest percentage of contractual freight and that happened in fourth quarter of '17. And then we kind of max out, if you will around 70% contract and more balanced market such as what we saw in the back half of 2019. As we start to implement the pricing changes that occurred during fourth quarter as well as the business that we intend to reprice in the first quarter, I would anticipate that that mix starts to shift back closer to the 60% range meaning heavier towards contract in the next couple of quarters. I think that's kind of the best way that I would think about it right now.
Chuck Ives: The next question is for Bob from Brian Ossenbeck from JPMorgan. What is the strategy to improve and deliver industry leading margins in a cyclical business with secular concerns regarding new competition? Could Robinson become more multi-modal over time and build out other service lines and geographies?
Bob Biesterfeld: Thanks, Brian. So in just the past two years, we've experienced both our record high quarterly adjusted gross profit per load and our record low quarterly adjusted gross profit per load that we've seen over the past decade. So to your point, there is definitely some volatility and some cyclicality that we need to control for in our largest service line of truckload, and we're doing this through our efforts to lower our cost to serve, through the digitization and the automation of the business that we've talked about, working on appropriately balancing that portfolio between spot and contractual business and by continuing to redesign and reorganize our network to maximize our commercial effectiveness in order to both take share and drive top line growth. Our investments in technology, our broad global suite of services and our development of innovative new capabilities are going to continue to fuel that top line growth of our diversified business, which as we see is one way to combat that cyclicality. I feel better -- I can say confidently, I feel better today than I have at any point in the past about the focus that we have on cost management within the organization. And we'll deliver on that $100 million cost reduction in half the time we originally planned to and we're going to remain focused on finding additional opportunities to reduce our operating expenses as we move forward. In terms of diversification, clearly this has been part of our strategy over the past several years. You look at our LTL business and the growth of that is taken on, that is a critical part of our overall business mix and the growth in returns have frankly been industry leading. Our investments in diversifying and expanding into our Global Forwarding network, adding talent and enhancing our capabilities has also helped to balance the overall portfolio and it's maybe never been more clear than it was in the fourth quarter with the outperformance of our Forwarding Group and it continues to provide us a combined commercial value proposition that's resonating in the market. Across the rest of the portfolio, our Managed Services business continues to grow freight under management and provides a really unique solution blending both technology and supply chain expertise to some of the largest and most complex customers in the world and that creates a really sticky relationship with a high rate of recurring revenue and creates a lot of connectivity between Robinson and the client over time. And the results in our Robinson Fresh business unit have stabilized and continued to improve over the course of the last couple of years and they're providing strong returns. And our Europe Surface Trans business continues to take share well ahead of the market place in Europe. So, we feel like we've done this path of diversification Brian for a while, both it makes sense from a commercial standpoint, it helps us to sell a really unique value proposition in the market and it's helping us to kind of balance out to be at the portfolio in terms of revenues and returns to our shareholders.
Chuck Ives: The next question for Mike is from Chris Wetherbee with Citi. How are you going to direct free cash flow in 2021? Where do buybacks fit in the hierarchy? How about M&A, any areas of interest?
Mike Zechmeister: Thanks for the question, Chris. In terms of capital allocation, our top priority continues to be the closing investments primarily related to technology and process redesign that fuel growth and efficiency in our core business. We are also committed to continuing our dividend without decline. Next would be M&A, where we continue to maintain a strong pipeline of opportunities to the extent that we have capital available while maintaining an investment grade credit rating, our share repurchase program offers an excellent lever to return value to shareholders. We continue to see M&A as a lever that can potentially help us expand our geographic presence, add or improve services, build scale or enhance our technology platform. We'll continue to look for well run businesses that also fit nicely in the Robinson culture.
Chuck Ives: The next question is from Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan. Bob how have Robinson's recent efforts to connect with multiple TMS and ERP platforms progressed relative to expectations? As it generated an increase in net new business activity? What does further adoption of digital interfaces with customers mean for operating leverage in the future?
Bob Biesterfeld: Thanks, Brian. Multiple questions there and I'll try to tackle them one at a time. Our progress in connecting with TMS and ERPs has been on pace with our expectations. We've got long-standing relationships in connections with these companies and connecting our real-time pricing engines through modern APIs has been really successful and fast-paced. Some of these connections are faster and smoother than others as you might expect. To the question of has it increased business activity? We are experiencing significant growth in our quoting activity and tendered volume through these digital connections to our pricing services and other functionality like in-transit visibility and other operational and analytical insights. The obvious benefit of these connections is the availability for quoting and committing 24/7, 365. We're also able to respond to opportunities much faster in these forums than relying on older more manual processes. So we've seen significant productivity uplift on our transactional business and we do expect the share of our automated transactional business continue to grow, which will yield positive productivity impacts. To your final question around the competitive landscape. It is quite active in all parts of our business, including this space and I'd say that our win percentage and our adjusted gross profit per shipment in these automated pricing APIs are on par with our traditional transactional margins, but we're capturing those adjusted gross profit dollars with a lower per-unit cost to serve.
Chuck Ives: The next question for Bob is from Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan. How is Robinson becoming more ingrained in supply chains and driving visibility for customers? How many shippers can take advantage of a program similar to the one you just announced with SAS?
Bob Biesterfeld: Brian, my 22 years with Robinson, our ambition to solve our customers' toughest problems has always been central to our approach. As a result, we've got the opportunity to get involved in really exciting and challenging arenas within the supply chain that extend well beyond just the pickup and drop-off in the transportation of freight. Our investments through these years have taken us deeper into new modes and services, developed deep vertical expertise, expertise in geographies and industries segments with many unique characteristics and supply chain attributes that we can bring to bear for our customers. The SAS relationship is a great example of an opportunity to partner with another industry leader to extend our collective value in new unique and exciting ways to shippers and receivers. We're obviously in the early stages of our work together and the initial engagements are now underway. We believe that this work together with SAS has the potential to unlock values in many areas of our business and across our shared customer base. This collaboration is going to facilitate visibility to the entire inventory lifecycle in a way that no other companies can do from planning the cash settlement and it's going to require the best of each of our company's technology and our expertise in order to ideate and innovate together to bring real value to our customers.
Chuck Ives: The next question for Mike is from Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan. Working capital appears to have moved with revenue growth. Have there been any changes in days sales outstanding or bad debt from any of your customers?
Mike Zechmeister: Thanks, Brian. You're correct. In Q4 accounts receivable plus contract assets increased sequentially by 4.4% over Q3 while total revenues increased 7.7% driven by higher pricing and volume. The result in Q4 was a sequential improvement in days sales outstanding of 1.7 days compared to Q3 when using ending AR balances. That said, over the past two quarters, DSO has been running a couple of days higher than last year and I'll talk about the ways we've been addressing that in a minute. Our bad debt expense was notably higher in 2020 compared to 2019, driven primarily by increased reserves as we monitor the impact of the pandemic on certain categories and customers. While our bad debt expense in 2020 was approximately $6 million higher than our prior three-year average, we did see a reduction in bad debt expense of approximately $600,000 in Q4 compared to Q4 of 2019. We continue to closely monitor our receivables by customer, by category and across a variety of key metrics. We utilize internal and external credit risk data to enhance our credit and collections results and we've tightened credit limits, enhanced electronic invoicing and maintained greater focus on higher risk categories with additional safeguards, all of which lead to sequential improvement in the Q4 results.
Chuck Ives: The next question for Bob is from Brian Ossenbeck from JPMorgan. You are almost at the one-year mark for the Prime acquisition. How has that opportunity developed compared to expectations? And has it driven any synergies across the Robinson portfolio or with customers? What other industrial verticals or logistics capabilities are attractive at this point?
Bob Biesterfeld: We are really happy with the acquisition of Prime, I mean truly a great team with great leadership. And we're really proud of the work that that team did this year. The Prime team exceeded their full year profitability expectations against some really challenging hurdles throughout the year, driven by costs associated within increased costs and labor, safety protocols that we've undertaken for our frontline workers and the rising cost of purchased transportation. In terms of synergies, part of what really attracted us to Prime at the time of acquisition was the opportunity to bring together their expertise in retail consolidation and warehousing with the Robinson expertise in transportation and distribution. So we've got these several shared customers and the combination of the two companies capabilities made for an even stronger value proposition for our customers and for the industries that we serve. As some retailers over the course of the last year have evolved and tightened their supply chain performance metrics, this has driven a lot of interest in demand from many new shippers that serve these retailers, achieving some of these new on time and fall or supply chain reliability requirements are really difficult without a partner like Robinson that has the capabilities to bring to life between Robinson and Prime, especially if you're not typically shipping in full truckload quantities. So, we're seeing several other retailers now piloting programs with us, with opportunities for large national rollouts and we're seeing great opportunities to cross-sell forwarding and inland transportation services to many of Prime's legacy customers. From a cost perspective, there was some redundancy in several markets where both Robinson and Prime maintained warehouse facilities and we're in the process today of bringing those together under shared facilities in order to capture some costs and efficiency synergies as we move to a common network. We also see opportunities moving forward to leverage that network to augment our large format home delivery network as well as providing other retail services.
Chuck Ives: The next question is from Brian Ossenbeck from JPMorgan for Bob. What is the strategic rationale behind launching the Robinson Fresh produce offering? Are there any start-up costs you will incur? How have your retail and foodservice customers viewed the announcement?
Bob Biesterfeld: As our role with our retail partners have evolved in Fresh over the last decade, our integrated supply chain solutions have really expanded and penetrated right into the actual product itself, it's no longer about selling just a product that's really about providing the complex supply chain solutions that go with it. So we felt like this was really the right time to consolidate our brand story and allow us to take advantage of our 115-year history in the produce supply chain and really connect the dots between our services, our products and the consumer growing demand for healthy and high quality fresh produce. In terms of start-up costs, we're rolling the brand out over the first half of 2021 to align with the primary growing seasons of the products that we'll market under the Robinson Fresh label in order to maximize the use of existing packaging disruption, etcetera. So there really won't be any material costs due to the brand launch. Initial feedback in terms of our retail and food customers has been really positive, both from the look and feel of the brand, the quality of the product and the packaging, but they're also supportive of the overall strategic rationale for making the change.
Chuck Ives: The last question is from Garrett Holland with R.W. Baird. LTL volume was clearly very strong in Q4 of 2020. Talk about the expectations for the drivers of LTL freight demand in your ability to continue gaining market share?
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. Thanks, Garrett. Our LTL service continues to deliver strong results as you saw again in fourth quarter and we're really proud of the unique service offering that we have in the marketplace. We really think that we've got probably the most comprehensive offering of LTL services in the industry at scale, including our common carrier programs, our consolidation programs that I just talked about for retail and other industries as well as our temperature control programs that cover the spectrum from fresh products through frozen goods. Our market share gains in 2020 have been fueled by some tailwinds that many companies felt including e-commerce and home delivery, but they've really been across the board. As I mentioned earlier, the combination of Prime and Robinson and retail consol has proved to be a winning formula in the marketplace. We expect to continue to realize growth in LTL as we've built out customized solutions across industry verticals and solutions for customer of all sizes from those Main Street businesses that are engaged with our Freight quote by C.H. Robinson platform to large enterprise shippers that value our ability to consolidate capacity, optimize their network demands and leverage our Navisphere order and planning capabilities to avoid cost and to improve service.
Chuck Ives: That concludes the Q&A portion of today's earnings call. A replay of today's call will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website at chrobinson.com at approximately 11:30 AM Eastern Time today. If you have any additional questions, I can be reached by phone or email. Thank you again for participating in our fourth quarter 2020 conference call. And have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentleman, thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines and log off the webcast at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Third Quarter 2020 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Following today's presentation, Chuck Ives will facilitate a review of previously submitted questions. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, October 28, 2020. 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Chuck Ives, Director of Investor Relations. 
Charles Ives: Thank you, Donna, and good morning, everyone. On the call with me today is Bob Biesterfeld, our Chief Executive Officer; and Mike Zechmeister, our Chief Financial Officer. Bob and Mike will provide a summary of our 2020 third quarter results. We will follow their comments with responses to the pre-submitted questions we received after our earnings release yesterday. 
 I'd like to remind you that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. Our earnings presentation slides are supplemental to our earnings release and today's comments and can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at chrobinson.com. 
 Slide 2 in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management's expectations. 
 And with that, I'll turn the call over to Bob. 
Robert Biesterfeld: Thank you, Chuck, and good morning, everyone. Our third quarter was a quarter of transition in the U.S. freight markets and a quarter of progress at C.H. Robinson, with our team continuing to deliver against our key initiatives. 
 I'm proud of their efforts that helped deliver solid results and position the company to emerge stronger from the volatility that we've experienced over the last 7 months. At the time of our second quarter earnings call in late July, I painted a picture of the current market condition that included a sequential degradation of routing guide performance, an adaptive tender that increased from 1.1 in May to around 1.5 in late July, and a decline in first tender acceptance rates from the high 90% range to around 70%. 
 In the third quarter, this dynamic continued to play out as demand recovered faster than carrier capacity returned to the marketplace. Sequential demand growth outstripped supply growth in the contractual market and routing guide depth in our managed services business rose to 1.8 by quarter end. This is a level we haven't seen since mid-2018. 
 We believe that these trends we see within the Managed Services are a good proxy for what's happening in the broader North American truckload market. Consequently, more loads moved up to the spot market, which caused spot pricing to increase and drove sharp increases in our cost of purchase transportation. During the quarter, truckload cost per mile paid to our contract carriers, excluding fuel, increased 16.5% compared to the third quarter of last year, while price per mile billed to our customers, excluding fuel, increased 10.5%. 
 Against this backdrop, we delivered on our contractual commitments with acceptance rates that were above the industry average, while also serving many customers' needs in the spot market. In response to the volatility in the freight market and our record-high percentage of loads with negative margins, we also initiated selective mid-contract cycled repricing efforts in collaboration with some of our customers. And we'll continue to have opportunities to reprice our book of business in our regular cadence as annual contracts expire and renew through the balance of 2020 and into 2021. 
 Despite a dislocated market with a constrained capacity base, we were able to deliver solid performance across our diversified business portfolio and improve our results as the quarter progressed due to the efforts of our C.H. Robinson team members around the world. After reaching a trough in July, our total company net revenue per business day improved sequentially in both August and September. And so far in October, total company net revenue per business day has inflected positive on a year-over-year basis. 
 We continue to make progress on our strategic long-term initiatives around profitable market share gains, productivity improvement and technology advancements. Our results included a seventh consecutive quarter of market share gains in NAST, with 0.5% and 13.5% volume increases in truckload and LTL compared to an 8% year-over-year decline in industry volumes as measured by the Cass Freight Index. 
 Excluding volume and head count from our 2020 acquisition of the Prime Distribution Services, our productivity metrics continue to improve, as indicated by a 2,400 basis point favorable spread between the year-over-year change in NAST volume and the change in full-time equivalence in our NAST business. This builds up on the 1,050 basis point favorable spread that we delivered in the second quarter of 2020.
 As we've said in the past, this is an important metric and a key focus of our technology investments and our transformation efforts. Our technology initiatives also continue to provide opportunities to engage our customers in new and in innovative ways. In September, we launched Procure IQ, which allows shippers to discover more efficient and more effective ways to purchase transportation based on the unique characteristics in their network rather than solely buying in bulk during an annual bidding process.
 We reinforced the position of Navisphere, our multimodal transportation management system as the most connected logistics platform, with simultaneous connectivity to an unprecedented 19 transportation management systems and ERP systems, backed by the unrivaled truck capacity assurance that our teams offer around the world. 
 In the last few months, we've announced alliances with Microsoft and Intel that will help shippers digitally transform their supply chains. And we delivered a number of new technological capabilities to Freightquote by C.H. Robinson, which is geared to help small businesses in this time of need. All of these advancements are part of our $1 billion technology investment that's delivering innovative solutions built by and for supply chain experts for our customers and for our carriers.
 Our tech investments also continue to drive improvements in automation and the number of users on our platform. A few examples of this include a 40% increase in fully automated truckload bookings compared to the third quarter of last year. Our digital transactions were up 56% compared to a year ago, and we've already exceeded over 1 billion digital transactions for the year. And the daily and monthly average users of our customer- and carrier-facing applications continue to increase. 
 Our Global Forwarding business performed well in the third quarter as customers worked to replenish low inventory levels amidst continued market uncertainty from the pandemic. The airfreight market was again impacted by reduced cargo capacity, and we augmented our capacity with several charter flights to support demand from both existing and new customers. 
 In the ocean market, our gross revenue increased 32% due to widespread increases in ocean pricing across the industry, which was driven by higher demand. Our balanced portfolio of both contractual and spot business enabled us to optimize net revenue margins in the quarter. While shippers continue to rely on Robinson's global supply chain expertise, and our data and scale advantages to ensure that critical goods are moved as quickly and as inexpensively as possible. This resulted in a 16% year-over-year growth in our Global Forwarding net revenue. 
 As we've discussed, since the onset of this pandemic, we've taken steps across our organization to ensure both the health and the safety of our employees and to reduce our costs. The cost controls demonstrate our ability to flex our structure as business cycles change. We've learned a lot as we've managed through this pandemic on how to be more agile, how to work and sell differently, how to collaborate and communicate more effectively and how to serve our customers and carriers in new ways while we work in virtual teams.
 As a result of this, and our ability to harness the benefits of our technology investment and our network transformation, we now expect to achieve our long-term annual cost reduction target of $100 million by the middle of 2021. This is half the time that we previously communicated. But we're not going to stop there. We're continuing to evaluate our global business operations to ensure we're managing our business in the most efficient manner. 
 We'll continue to invest in technology to unlock both growth and efficiency, and we'll continue to create better outcomes for our customers and carriers by utilizing our unmatched combination of experience, our global suite of services, our scale, and our information advantage.
 I'll now turn the call back to Mike to review some of the specifics of our third quarter financial performance. 
Michael Zechmeister: Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. Our third quarter gross revenues increased 9.6% compared to Q3 last year. The increase in gross revenue was driven by both higher pricing and higher volume across the majority of our service lines.
 Total company net revenues decreased 7% in the third quarter, primarily due to a 12.6% increase in the cost of purchased transportation. In NAST truckload, the increase in cost resulted in a 25% decrease in truckload net revenue per load compared to Q3 last year. As Bob mentioned, our net revenue per business day hit a low point in July and improved sequentially in both August and September. 
 Our monthly net revenues per business day in Q3 were down 12% in July, down 6% in August and down 3% in September compared to the same periods last year. As Bob mentioned, in October, we are seeing year-over-year growth in total company net revenue per business day, which is the first month of growth in over a year. 
 Q3 personnel expenses totaled $302.9 million, down 5.5% versus Q3 last year, primarily driven by our cost reduction initiatives. Average head count decreased 5.6% despite the Prime acquisition adding approximately 2 percentage points. Average full-time equivalent head count, which accounts for employees with reduced work hours, decreased 7.6% compared to Q3 last year.
 Q3 SG&A expenses of $118.1 million were up 5.7% or $6.3 million compared to Q3 last year despite significant reductions in travel. The overall increase was primarily due to ongoing expenses from the Prime acquisition and Q3 last year benefiting from a $5.8 million gain on the sale of an office building in Chicago. 
 Overall, our short-term cost reduction efforts generated approximately $40 million of savings again in the third quarter. As we communicated previously, we put in place cost savings initiatives impacting personnel noncritical project spending, travel and entertainment and the temporary suspension of the company matched retirement plans in the U.S. and Canada. As a result of these initiatives, we estimate the short-term cost savings in 2020 will now be approximately $90 million compared to our Q1 run rate, which is up from the $80 million we communicated on the Q2 earnings call. 
 Total third quarter operating income was down 16.3% versus last year, and operating margin declined by approximately 310 basis points compared to Q3 last year, primarily due to the decline in net revenue dollars and partially offset by reductions in personnel expenses.
 Third quarter interest and other expenses totaled $7.5 million, down $5.7 million compared to Q3 last year. Q3 interest expense declined by $0.8 million to $11.9 million compared to $12.7 million in Q3 last year due to a lower average debt balance. 
 Our Q3 weighted average interest rate was 4.2% compared to 4.1% in Q3 last year. Our other expenses in Q3 also included a $3.3 million gain from currency revaluation compared to a $1.1 million loss in Q3 of last year. 
 Our third quarter effective tax rate was 15.1%, a 670 basis point improvement compared to the 21.8% rate in Q3 last year. Our Q3 effective tax rate included discrete benefits from foreign tax credit utilization and an additional deduction from increased employee stock option activity in the quarter. We now expect our 2020 full year effective tax rate to be 18% to 20%, down from the 20% to 22% range that we communicated previously. 
 Net income totaled $136.5 million in the third quarter, and diluted earnings per share was $1, down 6.5% versus Q3 last year. 
 Turning now to cash flow. Q3 cash used by operations was approximately $169 million compared to cash generation of $167 million in Q3 last year. 
 The $336 million decrease was driven primarily by a $362 million sequential increase in accounts receivable and contract assets compared to Q2 this year. This 16.7% sequential increase in accounts receivable coincided with a 16.5% sequential increase in gross revenue. Despite the increase, the quality of our receivables improved in Q3 as the percent of accounts receivable that were past due improved by 60 basis points compared to Q2. 
 Year-to-date volatility in cash flow from operations has experienced similar volatility as our overall business, with low cash generation in Q1, high cash generation in Q2 and cash usage in Q3. While none of these quarters on their own are indicative of our ongoing expectations, I would point to a more normalized year, like 2019, where we delivered $835 million of operating cash flow as more indicative of our expectations going forward. 
 Q3 capital expenditures totaled $15.2 million, bringing our year-to-date capital spending to $40.3 million. We now expect our 2020 full year capital expenditures to be in the $50 million to $55 million range, down from our July communication of landing at the low end of a $60 million to $70 million range. We continue to prioritize the highest returning technology initiatives on a risk-adjusted basis, and we remain committed to our $1 billion investment in technology from 2019 to 2023.
 We returned approximately $71.9 million of cash to shareholders in Q3, which consisted almost entirely of our quarterly dividend. As previously communicated, we placed a hold on our share repurchase program in March out of an abundance of caution given the uncertainties posed by the pandemic. Our plan is to resume our opportunistic share repurchase program here in the fourth quarter. Over the long term, we remain committed to our quarterly dividend and opportunistic share repurchase program as important levers to enhance shareholder value.
 Now on to the balance sheet highlights. We finished Q3 with $253 million in cash and cash equivalents. Over the long term, we intend to carry only the cash needed to fund operations and to maintain a debt-to-EBITDA ratio that helps us deliver and investment-grade credit rating.
 Our debt balance at quarter end was $1.15 billion, down $100 million versus Q3 last year. Our gross debt-to-EBITDA leverage at quarter end was 1.62x. We ended Q3 with a solid $1.44 billion of liquidity comprised of our cash balance, $1 billion of committed funding under our credit facility, which is undrawn and matures in October of 2023, and $190 million of available credit from our accounts receivable securitization, which matures this December. 
 We continue to seek out and deliver on opportunities to drive long-term efficiency and savings into our business model, primarily through process redesign and automation in our NAST and other business segments. The pandemic has driven new insights around what the new normal will look like at Robinson post pandemic. Going forward, we are evaluating the optimization of our real estate footprint across the network as we expect flexible work arrangements to become more permanent. 
 We also expect to see lower sustained level of travel expense as we enhance our virtual communication efforts. 
 Of the $100 million per year of long-term or permanent savings that we committed to by the end of 2022, we now expect to deliver 2/3 of that in 2020. Please note, that there is approximately $20 million of savings that began as short-term savings meant for 2020 only and was later converted to permanent savings as we have reconceptualized our business needs post the pandemic. 
 As a result, that $20 million is included in both our short-term and long-term savings totals for 2020. As Bob mentioned, we now expect to complete the full $100 million of permanent cost savings by the middle of 2021, which will be half of the 3-year time horizon that we originally communicated. 
 The long-term cost savings initiatives are important to our 2021 results as we expect incentive compensation to be a sizable headwind, which coincides with our expectation of a better year-over-year financial results. We continue our efforts to emerge stronger and define our new normal post pandemic. As a more capable and more efficient enterprise that is focused on profitable market share gains. 
 Thanks for listening this morning. And now I'll turn the call back over to Bob for his final comments. 
Robert Biesterfeld: Thanks, Mike. I continue to be incredibly proud of the hard work and the dedication that our Robinson team members around the world have displayed during these challenging and unprecedented times. It's because of them that we've been able to meet and exceed our customers' and our carriers' needs during what has also been a trying time for many of them. 
 A strong testament to our team's customer service is the recognition that several shippers, customers of ours, such as Lowe's, Bayer, Whirlpool, General Mills, Target, Chick-fil-A, BJ's Wholesale and NextEra Energy, just to name a few have bestowed upon C.H. Robinson in this quarter alone for our leadership, our service excellence and our support. I thank our employees for continuing to deliver excellence to our customers and our carriers every day and for driving our company forward despite the disruptions caused by COVID-19 and the resulting economic uncertainty.
 Through our investments in technology and the precautions that we've taken in our offices, we are effectively managing and maintaining a flexible work environment that enables our employees to work safely from home or from our offices that are open around the world. We'll continue to make measured and thoughtful decisions that are in the best interest of our employees, our customers, our carriers, our shareholders and our communities and the long-term health of our company, while remaining true to our values and our pillars that guide our business decisions. 
 We believe we are still in the midst of a strengthening freight cycle that, we anticipate, will continue into 2021. Freight markets are continuing to tighten in the fourth quarter due to higher demand as we enter the holiday season and lower availability of carrier capacity. At C.H. Robinson, we're committed to creating better outcomes for our customers and carriers, investing in technology to unlock both growth and efficiency, while focusing on profitable market share growth and driving the transformation of our company so that we can emerge from this time of uncertainty as an even stronger organization. 
 That concludes our prepared comments this morning. And with that, I'll turn it back to Donna so that we can address your pre-submitted questions. 
Operator: Mr. Ives, the floor is yours for the question-and-answer session. 
Charles Ives: Thank you, Donna. First, I would like to thank the many analysts and investors for taking the time to submit questions after our earnings release yesterday. For today's Q&A session, I will frame up the question and then turn it over to Bob or Mike for our response. 
 Our first question is for Bob from Jack Atkins with Stephens. Chris Wetherbee with Citi and Matt Young with Morningstar asked similar questions. How does the quarter unfold from your perspective? And how did your model perform relative to your own expectations? With the worst of the margin compression behind us, do you feel like C.H. Robinson is now in a position to return to net revenue growth as we move forward? 
Robert Biesterfeld: While we provided some context to this in our prepared comments, I will try and go a little bit deeper here to add some additional clarity. I think it's important that we start with NAST truckload that's clearly the largest driver in terms of the results for the quarter. And I really do believe, like I said, that this is a quarter that we were in transition in the markets. 
 July was the bottom. Relative to the quarter, we saw results improve sequentially as the quarter progressed. As we came into July, we faced a July 4 holiday that caused all sorts of the dislocation and disruption in the marketplace. And as July progressed, we saw costs continue to increase as the month moved on. But candidly, we're a bit hesitant to take action relative to mid-cycle repricing due to just the uncertainty of the longevity of the tightness of capacity that we are experiencing there in July. During July, we saw our lowest net revenue per load on record within NAST truckload. Our files that resulted in a negative margin were up 150% year-over-year, and our net revenue per load was down close to 40% when we compare it to July of 2019. 
 As we got into August and September, we actually saw costs continue to accelerate in comparison to last year. And we began to work with customers one by one to strategically reprice some contracts mid-cycle. This work, coupled with more opportunities in the spot market, did lead to sequential improved net revenue per load in each month of the quarter. Improved net revenue margin off of the trough of July and a reduction in negative loads as a percentage of the total loads moved. Volume remained pretty steady throughout the quarter. The work that the team did from July to September resulted in net revenue per load increasing by about 38% from July to September. 
 Within our LTL business, we saw volume growth percentages increase as the quarter progressed against relatively consistent net revenue dollars per load and net revenue margin as businesses continue to come back online throughout the quarter. 
 Our forwarding business performed really well throughout the quarter, with meaningful share gains in both ocean and air freight and a strong 16% net revenue growth for the quarter. While air freight growth subsided from the Q2 peak, we did see a nice rebound in our ocean freight business that offset that deceleration in air. Given kind of what we know and what we see in the forwarding marketplace, given the ongoing constraints around capacity, both on the air and ocean side as well as our customer pipeline, we do feel really good about our ability to continue to deliver these strong results in forwarding moving forward. 
 Net-net, as I said earlier, we are seeing positive growth in total company net revenue month-to-date in October. And given that we're going to be repricing about 150 of our top 7 truckload accounts in the fourth quarter, that represents about $1.3 billion in current net revenues and a much -- gross revenues, excuse me, and a much larger percentage of the total in the next couple of quarters through normal cycles. Coupled with the work the team has done to capture long-term savings that Mike talked about, I feel pretty positive about 2021 at this point and how the model is holding up. 
Charles Ives: The next question is from Bruce Chan with Stifel. Bob, what lessons did you learn in the last freight up cycle that are applicable today? As you honored commitments then, did you find that customers reciprocated when capacity loosened into late 2018 and 2019? Or is this cycle too different to compare? 
Robert Biesterfeld: I don't think it's too different to compare. And I think it's a great question, Bruce, and I'm really glad that you asked it. I'd point first to the retention rate of our top 500 customers over the past decade, and the fact that we have got nearly 100% retention rate of those customers. So I do believe that us continuing to take the long-term view to these relationships makes a lot of sense. 
 With that being said, I can tell you that we did learn a lot since the last freight cycle, and our learnings from that have really helped us to inform both the decisions that we're making and the actions that we're taking today. Albeit sometimes the results of those are painful in the short-term, we really do believe that the steps we're taking will enhance our results through the cycles. 
 Look, the annual procurement cycle is not a perfect science for either the shipper or the carrier, but it still does dominate the common practice in terms of how freight contracts are managed. Part of our learnings from that last freight cycle have come to life in the launch of our Procure IQ product, which is tied into this rising freight environment, we don't think that we're necessarily going to change how all of freight is procured, but we do think that we can introduce really interesting conversations with some of our really big clients and provide an alternate approach to them to approach this market that could work more effectively for all the parties in the supply and the demand side of the equation. 
 Up to this point, we've pushed about $1 billion of opportunity through that process already, and we're seeing some really nice win-win returns for both us and our shippers. So we're taking those learnings to become more innovative, to be more consultative in our approach for our customers and to help them navigate, which appears to be shaping up to be a difficult environment in new ways. 
 Specific to your question, though, one of the learnings that we did take away from the freight cycle of '17 and '18 was that in the cases where we managed to our commitments and honored them through what, let's call it, the Snowmageddon and the ELD implementation phases, which were kind of the catalyst of that cycle, we continue to see great returns with those customers and really, really strong relationships. 
 On the flip side of that, though, we did learn that, perhaps, we overreacted a little bit too quickly in those cycles to short-term market dynamics back in 2017. We did cause some damage to some relationships. And in many cases, we haven't been able to regain either the trust or the volume commitment of some of those customers. So we're intentionally being more patient through this cycle and putting even more value on the importance of those long-term relationships and working with our customers to manage through this cycle together. 
Charles Ives: Our next question for Mike is from several analysts. When you think about the $40 million in cost reduction actions that impacted the third quarter, how much of that was tied to temporary costs that you expect to come back at some point? And how much is more permanent? On the temporary costs, how should we think about those layering back over the next several quarters? 
Michael Zechmeister: Thanks for the question. Let me provide some additional clarity to the cost savings that we generated in Q3. To recap, we delivered approximately $40 million in short-term savings or temporary cost savings in Q3. Given the nature of those expenses, the vast majority will return in 2021. Think about the supension of the company match upon retirement plans in the U.S. and Canada, furloughs, some noncritical project spending and some of the travel reductions due to the pandemic. 
 As I referred to earlier, for all of 2020, there's approximately $20 million of savings that began as short-term savings or temporary and was later converted to long-term savings or permanent savings. In Q3, about 1/3 of that $20 million annual savings is included in both short-term and long-term savings. Simply put, for Q3, we had approximately $40 million of short-term savings and approximately $20 million of long-term savings and approximately $7 million counted towards each total. 
 By way of example, our Q3 travel expense savings was greater than what we would expect over the long term. As the impact of the pandemic subsides across the globe, our folks will get back to business essential travel, but at a level that we expect to be much lower than historical run rate. So all the travel expense savings that we delivered in Q3 was short-term or temporary, and some will become long-term savings or permanent as we eventually land at a much lower annual spend. 
Charles Ives: The next question for Bob comes from Ben Hartford with Robert W. Baird. Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan asked a similar question. In what inning would you describe this current freight pricing cycle to be? Public spot data shows growth rates continuing to accelerate into the fourth quarter, but investor concerns about peaking growth rates and the resulting broader truckload cycle have become quite pronounced over the last 3 months. Please provide any context to the durability of the drivers of strength to the cycle, including your perspective on potential inventory restocking, and supply growth limitations. 
Robert Biesterfeld: So a great baseball analogy on the day after the world series, Ben. So I guess, I think we're in the early innings of this freight cycle relative to truckload in North America. I think the graphs that we have in our deck that shows the change in price and cost is a really important reference point when we think about this. 
 If you look at that graph, which go back to 2011, the last decade, what you see pretty clearly is that the third quarter of this year is the first quarter where both price and cost inflected positive on a year-over-year basis in the past 8 quarters. The 16.5%, 17% increase in cost year-over-year is the first increase since Q3 of '18 and the largest year-over-year -- largest year-over-year in cost since the second quarter of 2018. 
 So I guess the way that I think about it is that considering that virtually every truckload contract that exists out there, other than those priced in third quarter, were priced in an environment where costs were declining year-over-year. I think it's a safe assumption that pricing will be on the upward trajectory as we move forward as the majority of contracts reprice in the fourth quarter of this year into first quarter of next year. 
 With that being said, there's a tremendous amount of uncertainty that abounds. We're all seeing COVID cases surge in the U.S. and in Europe. We've got uncertainty around the political and policy landscape in the U.S. with the upcoming election. And we've also got some uncertainty around additional stimulus funding and how that might intersect with consumer confidence and demand. 
 So if you listen to any of my peers on the asset side of the equation, who are really the experts on both attracting and retaining drivers into our industry, it seems like there's some real headwinds there as well that we need to deal with that could be somewhat long-lasting.
 So if you're asking for a projection in terms of where I see things going, back to our question of what inning are we in, absent some of the uncontrollable macro factors tied to the health and the economic crisis associated with COVID, I'd say we've kind of just turned the corner in the third inning. And we've got a great team on the field here at Robinson, and we're in for a pretty interesting ball game that we expect to win in the end. 
Charles Ives: The next question for Bob is from Bruce Chan with Stifel. Can you give us some concrete examples of how your technology investments have helped you to navigate an unbelievably volatile market over the past couple of quarters? 
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes, absolutely. There have been a number of advancements that have come to life this year that we've announced through our regular channels, including the launch of Robinson Labs, the further development of our Freightquote by C.H. Robinson platform, the recent launch of Procure IQ, alliances with great technology companies, such as Microsoft and Intel as well as just some of the updates that we've provided already today around the digitalization of our business processes.
 But in terms of really tangible examples, I'd point to a few things. First and foremost, it can't be understated how critical it has been throughout this pandemic that we've been able to really enact a work-from-anywhere culture at C.H. Robinson so that we can keep our people safe, and we can keep our customer supply chains running. We've done this flawlessly since we went remote in March. Our tech team has done an amazing job ensuring that we've got the infrastructure, the scale, the speed, the stability and the security in place in order for us to maintain this environment.
 Within the business, we saw some really good examples of progress this quarter. I shared in my opening remarks that we saw a 2,400 basis point difference between the change in NAST head count and the change in the volume that we managed. In NAST, we call this the NPI or the NAST productivity index, and it continues to improve.
 Huge steps taken here driven by technology as well as ongoing structural evolution. Another key metric we look at in NAST is shipments per person per day, and that's up 30% for the quarter. So we're seeing tremendous productivity unlocks in the business. Bruce, you know our business as well as anyone. And you know that historically, there's been a lot of internal and external negotiation that takes place on a pretty big percentage of our overall shipments.
 We've taken what used to be a pretty time-consuming process around matching supply and demand, evaluating internal and external offers, generating customer spot market pricing. And frankly, we've automated the hell out of all of this using data science, using artificial intelligence, and really opening up the pipes of connectivity between our Navisphere platform and some of the leading transportation management systems and enterprise resource program providers across the industry.
 So these steps drove not only significant productivity improvement in the quarter, but also operational improvements for our customers and our carriers, delivering higher quality and better, more timely information to our customers, matching the right loads for our carriers in a fully automated way that improve their yields. These investments that we've made into pricing science have also helped us to outperform the market on the cost side pretty significantly. Consider that spot pricing was up around 30% in the quarter, and our costs were up just north of 16%. I think there's a pretty meaningful story there that speaks to the value of our scale and our network and that value that we create in the supply chain. That's just a huge spread against the overall market. 
 We also know that customer routing guides failed with increasing regularity in the quarter. Given some of the investments we've made into automating the spot market and pricing science, we're delivering somewhere around 15,000 spot market quotes per day in real time with capacity assurance for our customers to help them manage through the changes in the market. 
 So I hope that gives some real context and some flavor to where we have made progress so far this year and in the quarter. There's still a lot of work to do. And we're certainly not done in terms of full implementation or rollout of our technology road map, but we're really excited about what's going to -- what's playing out today and what's coming in the next few quarters. 
Charles Ives: The next question for Mike is from Fadi Chamoun with BMO Capital Markets. Ken Hoexter with Bank of America, and Bascome Majors with Susquehanna asked similar questions. 
 Working capital draw seems larger than what we would have expected from revenue growth alone. Any changes in policy or maybe more timing issues? 
Michael Zechmeister: You're right. The working capital draw was large in Q3, but not the result of any policy changes. As I mentioned earlier, the $362 million sequential increase in accounts receivable compared to Q2 was the primary driver of the working capital absorption in the quarter.
 Receivables grew 16.7% sequentially and that coincided with the 16.5% sequential increase in gross revenue, which was driven by the pricing and volume gains that we talked about. The quality of our receivables also improved in Q3 as our percent past due improved by 60 basis points compared to Q2.
 One other point to note is that our payables did not offset the receivables increase in terms of impact on working capital. As you saw in Q2, our payables balance and days payable outstanding were atypically high, which contributed to the high cash flow from operations. In addition to our days payable outstanding, it generally runs about 18 to 20 days less than our days sales outstanding. And as a result, when gross revenues are increasing, payables are not a full offset to the increase in receivables. 
Charles Ives: Several analysts asked for the following question. Bob, please discuss your ability to adjust pricing on North America truckload contract revenue in the short term. Given the sharp move in spot rates in late 2Q and 3Q of this year, will you be able to adjust any contract rates in 4Q or in the first half of 2021? Or will it be necessary to wait for contracts to reset in 2021? 
Robert Biesterfeld: I'll say, just to reinforce, we are taking a customer-by-customer approach in terms of pricing and really putting the long-term relationship at the forefront of that. We're working closely with our customers to help them navigate what's a really volatile time in the freight market. But as I said, the fourth quarter has us on pace to reprice about 150 of our top 700 customers, which represents about $1.3 billion in existing truckload spend. 
 We know that there will continue to be some off-cycle adjustments to customer pricing and really driven by necessity based on the needs of our customers to get freight moved and changes in routing guide performance. I would estimate that between fourth quarter and first quarter, about 60% of our current contractual truckload revenue will reprice just based on the natural cycle that we experience with those customers. 
Charles Ives: The next question is for Bob from Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs. Ben Hartford with Robert W. Baird. Baird and Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley asked a similar question. Please discuss the spot volume environment. And looking ahead will it be strong enough to mitigate possible net revenue margin pressure that could still exist the balance of this year? And could net revenue margin pressure still exist for part of next year until truckload rates start to fade? 
Robert Biesterfeld: And so if I look forward 4 quarters in terms of our comparisons with our contractual -- just if I start with our contractual truckload business, what I can say with great certainty is that our margins on our contract business over the past 4 quarters are well below our historical averages, right? So that's up for some interesting comparisons for next year or for the next 4 quarters. 
 So given that fact, I expect a return to more normalized margins on our contractual book of business as we reprice, given all the repricing that's going to occur in the next couple of quarters. Additionally, we expect some growth to come through additional volume growth, right? We're going to continue to pursue profitable market share growth to drive growth and earnings through volume. And relative to the spot market, we do anticipate continuing to participate more in that spot market, which should also be a nice tailwind for our growth. 
Charles Ives: The next question comes from Bruce Chan with Stifel. Mike, on the SG&A front, there are a lot of moving parts within T&E coming back in, medical visits, et cetera. What kind of headwind should we be expecting? And what kind of offsets are available? 
Michael Zechmeister: Thanks for the question, Bruce. We do expect some headwinds and tailwinds in SG&A in 2021. As I mentioned earlier, while we expect travel expense to land significantly lower than our historical run rate due to enhancements in our ability to engage with customers, carriers and teammates virtually, we do expect an increase in 2021. We also anticipate additional insurance expense as costs are rising in the industry. In aggregate, those expense categories, historically, represent less than 15% of our total SG&A spend.
 In terms of offsets, we would expect occupancy to be a tailwind in 2021 as we look to optimize our real estate footprint across the network in anticipation of more flexible work arrangements. Real estate represents 15% to 20% of our SG&A spend.
 You also mentioned medical visits. Those expenses are included within personnel expense on our P&L. We expect medical to be a headwind in 2021 as it becomes safer and easier for our employees and their families to see their doctor and have elective procedures. Medical has, historically, been 5% to 7% of personnel costs. As I referenced earlier, the largest headwind in 2021 is expected to be incentive compensation, which will increase in alignment with improved financial results. 
Charles Ives: The next question for Bob is from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna. Chris Wetherbee with Citi and Matt Young with Morningstar asked similar questions. How much would you attribute to extremely elevated buy rates in both air and ocean? When and why do you expect the cyclical components of this pressure to ease? 
Robert Biesterfeld: It's been well documented in the airfreight market that there's a lot of capacity that's come out of the market due to the decreases in passenger flights, transcontinental and domestic, right? So that's driven a lot of capacity out of the market. But we've also seen a significant increase in charter activity that has helped to offset that. So I don't know if we're net-net back to a neutral capacity market, but certainly are seeing more charters come back in. 
 So while overall capacity is still flat to down, it has recovered quite a bit over the past several months. If we think about air, what we really see is demand and supply chain disruption driving the tightness in capacity, and ultimately, the significant pricing increases that we're seeing in the market. And looking forward, if we add to this the potential strain that a global distribution of a COVID vaccine could have at some point, whether it's in the next months or quarters, we believe that these end markets are likely to remain displaced for some time to come. 
 Relative to ocean, we continue to see consolidation in the ocean space over the course of the last several years. And today, there are just fewer carriers with meaningful size and scale. So these consolidation things that have happened have driven better pricing and capacity discipline year-over-year in some of our core trade lanes. Given that the ocean network is at near 100% utilization of existing capacity, we again see this as being somewhat of an ongoing constraint that's going to continue to put pressure on pricing in this mode as well. 
Charles Ives: The next question is for Bob from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Jack Atkins with Stephens asked a similar question. How sustainable do you view the forwarding operating margins in the high 20s? 
Robert Biesterfeld: Over the past few years, if we look back, we can see that the forwarding margins have ranged between about 15% and 19% between 2017 and 2019. And we've obviously seen some great improvement to those metrics this year, driven by really strong net revenue gains, coupled with a blend of both short and long-term savings that have been implemented in the business.
 Since we acquired Phoenix International in 2012, and through subsequent acquisitions and organic growth, we have been reinforcing in our statements that we believe that our Global Forwarding division has the capabilities to deliver industry-leading operating margins in the business. And we're seeing that this year. 
 Like many other parts of Robinson, forwarding is in a phase of transformation and evolution and making investments, significant investments in technology, been in a way, a drag to their short-term results, but on a risk-adjusted return basis, are great decisions for the future that are both going to accelerate their opportunities for growth as well as share gains, while at the same time, drawing -- I'm sorry, driving down our cost to serve, which further enhances the profitability of this business. 
 So given some of the variable cost headwinds that Mike just talked about, we anticipate coming back next year, we think returns in the forwarding business, expecting them to be in the mid-20% range in the near-term are really achievable. But we continue to work towards expanding that margin over time as we fully integrate some of the technology capabilities that are being developed. And we think -- we really think that the macro market sets up favorably for our model. 
Charles Ives: The next question for Mike is from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America. Employees were down 7% year-over-year. Do you see a secular decline continuing in employee count as you adopt more technology? 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes. As you know, we've been delivering significant productivity in our transformation efforts. Q3 marked the fourth consecutive quarter that we delivered a favorable spread between head count growth and our volume growth in NAST. 
 Moving forward, we expect to continue growing faster with volume than head count as our investment in process redesign and automation for our customers, carriers and employees continue to have strong risk-adjusted returns. We remain committed to delivering industry-leading technology and industry-leading operating margins. 
Charles Ives: The next question for Bob is from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America. Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs asked a similar question. Do you see rates nearing peak? Or do you subscribe that capacity will be slower to add than in the past, keeping this rally deeper into 2021 than general expectations? 
Robert Biesterfeld: All right. So I'll start with the fact that it's really hard to predict where the peak is going to be, which is part of what makes annual procurement cycles really difficult. And as I said earlier, this is the first quarter that we've seen truckload rates inflect positive over the course of the past couple of years. So I guess, I'm going to go back to the graph that I referenced earlier in the deck that tracks the change in rate and cost on a quarterly basis going back to the beginning of 2011.
 So let's -- for context, that slide covers 39 quarters. And of those 39 quarters, 28 of them experienced customer rate inflation year-over-year and 11 have shown customer deflation. Interestingly, rates basically only went one way, and that was up for 19 consecutive quarters from 2011 through 2015. And since then, there's been a lot more volatility in the cycle in terms of both ups and downs. 
 On that chart, we see 2 pretty distinct cycles play out over the course of the past 5 years within the data. Following that 19 consecutive quarters of rates running out that I referenced from Q4 of '15 through Q4 of '16, rates on a per mile basis dropped for 5 consecutive quarters year-over-year, which was then followed by 8 quarters of increases through 2017 and '18.
 We then saw rates inflect negative for 6 quarters through '19 into the 20 -- first 2 quarters of 2020. And now we've got 1 quarter under our belt showing a recovery. So while history isn't a perfect predictor of what's going to happen in the future, I do think that it's realistic to expect that there's likely some legs to this recovery, and it will likely run a few more quarters. 
 One other data point that I'd share that's not reflected on that chart, but on absolute terms, when I look at our truckload data, our contract rates in the third quarter on a per mile basis to our customers were about 2% below the peak of 2018, adjusted for fuel. But our cost of purchase transportation were up 5% higher than the peak of 2018, again, adjusted for fuel. 
 So if we consider that to be a fact, along with the average inflation of truckload pricing of 2% to 3% a year that we see over time and the fact that cost in the spot market is almost always a leading indicator where contract pricing heads, it's not unlikely that contractual pricing could trend off in a pretty meaningful way in the coming quarters. And we feel like based on the work that we've done with our relationships, we're positioned really well to capitalize on that, while still benefiting our customers. 
Charles Ives: The next question is from Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan. Todd Fowler with KeyBanc asked a similar question. Bob, what do you believe Procure IQ can accomplish over the next 3 to 5 years? And how much freight from shippers is currently on the platform? How does this differ from marketplaces like J.B. Hunt 360 and Convoy's guaranteed primary service? 
Robert Biesterfeld: Thanks Brian and Todd. So in terms of product positioning, I just want to be really clear in terms of what it is and what it isn't. I think about it like this. Procure IQ is an analytics and data science platform that delivers models focused on improving reliability and price and service. Navisphere, really, as you know, is our operating platform that executes the outputs of the Procure IQ process. So to date, we've executed about $1 billion of freight opportunities in Procure IQ during the pilot phase.
 Since our product launch in September, we've escalated the pace of engagement with customers. And over time, we expect to execute all of our large bid opportunities in the platform, and that represents exposure to about $60 billion in truckload freight in truckload on an annual basis. So we do expect that, over time, this product will also evolve into other transportation modes and geographies in 2021 and beyond. So hopefully, that adds some clarity in terms of what it is and what it isn't. 
 In terms of impact to the business, ultimately, I expect that leveraging this framework of analytics and data science is going to improve our win rate and our allocations and contractual opportunities. 
Charles Ives: The next question is from Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan. Chris Wetherbee with Citi asked a similar question. Mike, what range do you expect the effective tax rate to normalize to in 2021, assuming no changes to the current tax law? 
Michael Zechmeister: Thanks for the question. As we have communicated, our updated 2020 tax rate of 18% to 20% has been aided by a variety of onetime benefits this year and doesn't represent our long-term expectations. 
 On your question, if we assume no state, federal or international tax law changes, I'd point you to our 2019 effective tax rate of 22.3% as more indicative of our normalized tax rate. Once the U.S. election results come in, we may get a bit more clarity on where rates are headed. But regardless of the election results, our team will continue to evaluate long-term tax planning strategies to improve our effective tax rate. 
Charles Ives: The next question is from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer for Bob. LTL volume growth of 13.5% year-over-year was in excess of the market. Could you please discuss the drivers of the share gains? 
Robert Biesterfeld: I'm always happy to talk about our LTL product because I don't think we talk about it enough, and it's such a great growth story within Robinson. To put it simply, we bring to market one of the most comprehensive and most compelling LTL value propositions in the industry. We've got incredibly good client retention, and we're winning a lot of new business. 
 We have really great partnerships with virtually all of the national and the regional asset-based LTL providers. We've got a compelling value proposition for them as well. We've invested in our Freightquote by C.H. Robinson platform, and we're continuing to bring on business with really large companies that look to us as a strategic partner to manage and optimize their LTL freight networks. We had strong growth in the quarter with both new and existing customers within our common carrier business. 
 And we made the acquisition of Prime earlier in the year, and our consolidation product continues to win in the marketplace. That Prime acquisition, coupled with our legacy retail consolidation network, has made us hands down, today, the largest and most comprehensive provider of retail consolidation services in the industry. Volumes grew in consolidation this quarter as more and more shippers are working to navigate the evolving OTIF or on time in full requirements that are being implemented across the retail landscape. Prime's volume alone contributed meaningfully to our overall LTL growth within the quarter.
 Also within LTL, we've got an unrivaled temperature-controlled network that's managing less-than-truckload across all temperatures of fresh produce to frozen foods on a national level. And again, we delivered strong volume growth in our temp control business this quarter. 
 And finally, while it's a smaller part of the overall LTL portfolio in the story, we had incredible growth in our final mile delivery in our reverse logistics groups this quarter, driven by really meteoric growth in the e-commerce channel. 
Charles Ives: The next question is from Jack Atkins with Stephens for Bob. Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo asked a similar question. Truckload net revenue dollars on a last 12 months basis are below the last cycle through the third quarter of 2017 by 9%, one of the principal factors behind this deterioration cycle point to cycle point. Is it primarily cyclical challenges, market share losses? Or do you think we are also potentially seeing the signs of some structural pressures on profitability impacting this business as well? 
 As a follow-up, with your investments in automation and employee productivity now well underway, do you believe that over the course of the next cycle, you will be able to achieve prior levels of profitability in your truckload and brokerage business? 
Robert Biesterfeld: Allison and Jack, thank you for that question. There's a lot to unpack there. So I'm going to do my best to do that here based on what I know. There are a lot of things in play. I do think that there are some structural things in play here as well as some that are cyclical. So the one variable that I can clearly identify as structural and likely is not going to change is that the truckload supply chain in the U.S. is simply getting shorter, right, whether it's the rise of e-commerce, the necessity of a bit more localized distribution centers or shippers moving inventory closer to receivers, it's a structural change that we've seen in the supply chain that we probably haven't talked enough about in the past few years. 
 Why that's important is in the simplest sense, candidly, we make less net revenue dollars on a per load basis on short-haul freight than we do on long-haul freight. And today, short-haul freight is a pretty big part of our total portfolio, more so than it really ever has been in the past. If I just look back over the past several years, since 2013, the average length of haul on our truckload business has dropped every single year. Over that time period, it's dropped about 10% to right around 650 miles for an average load in our network today. So that we know that in terms of net revenue dollars per shipment, there's some impact there that probably lives on into the future and doesn't come back.
 Additionally, as we've discussed in other calls over the past few quarters, there's been some downward pressure on truckload pricing in the marketplace that I would categorize as relatively unsustainable and likely short-term in nature, as some new entrants have attempted to pursue share gains over profitability. I anticipate this is going to normalize over time, but it has had an impact on our margins with some customers as we've taken a pretty firm stance to protect our share and to protect our house with some select customers. 
 Looking at this quarter specifically, our truckload net revenue per load was at an all-time high -- or an all-time low, rather, in July, and we took steps to improve it throughout the quarter. Given where I think we are in the cycle, I think we're going to have some pricing power moving forward, and we're focused on moving off these historically low margins to something more sustainable for us and our customers over time. 
 This, coupled with the productivity improvements that you mentioned in your question and that I've talked about today, coupled with some of the discrete cost-saving initiatives that Mike has described, I do believe that we're set up really well to get back to more historical operating margins in NAST. 
Charles Ives: The next question is from Allison Landry with Crédit Suisse for Bob. Jason Seidl with Cowen and Company asked a similar question. Given the current market volatility, can you give us any color on how the current M&A market looks? What are your main considerations for potential M&A targets right now? 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes. I'll take that one. Our top priority for capital allocation continues to be the closing transformation investments that fuel growth and efficiency in our core business. On the M&A front, we continue to maintain a strong pipeline of opportunities, and the deal flow seems to be picking up over the past quarter. The current environment is certainly favorable from a borrowing standpoint to the extent financing is needed, but the pandemic related uncertainties of the market, the election outcomes and the related impact on tax rates creates some level of hesitation.
 Longer term, we continue to see M&A as a lever that can help us expand our geographic presence, add or improve services, build scale and enhance our technology platform. We prefer strong businesses with compelling strategic benefits, good cultural fit and proven nonasset-based business models. For all deals, we will continue to maintain our discipline around value creation and strategic fit. 
Charles Ives: The next question is from Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan for Bob. How the proliferation of rate transparency within transportation management systems impact brokerage margins independent of the current cycle? 
Robert Biesterfeld: I don't know that I subscribe to the idea that there's necessarily greater transparency to rates today than any time in the past. I can think back to my own experiences 10, 15 years ago, when I was on the desk managing customer relationships and the process then was that a customer would have a TMS, and they put out a broadcast e-mail with a spot load that was available to every carrier in their book. And every carrier would rush to log on online to whatever system they were using. They put in a rate and they hope to get a load tender. So to that end, great transparency and the ability to compare a rate across providers in the spot market has been around for quite a while. 
 I do believe, though, that the velocity associated with the distribution of rates and the use of science to determine the appropriate rate that will move freight and generating economic benefit has really accelerated exponentially, which, for our customers, is a huge benefit in terms of time savings for them and giving them the ability to shop, so to speak, for spot market solutions to meet their needs. 
 And it goes without saying though that whether that is a paper rate or in this case, a digital rate, a rate is just that. Shippers also have to have the confidence that they're committing to the rate that's going to be met with an equal commitment from that provider to deliver that expected outcome, which is almost every time on time in full. And that's where I think we, at C.H. Robinson, continue to differentiate through our execution against our commitments in the market. 
Charles Ives: The final question is for Mike from Chris  Wetherbee Citi. Weighted average diluted share count increased 1.1% sequentially in the quarter. Should we expect further increases in the fourth quarter? Or was there something temporary driving this? What should we expect going forward in terms of share repurchases? 
Michael Zechmeister: Thanks, Chris. We did see a 1.1 million or approximately 1.5 million share increase in our weighted average diluted shares outstanding in Q3. There were 2 forces at work in Q3. The increase in average diluted shares outstanding was driven by the impact of employee stock options on our stock -- as our stock price increased. Our stock price went up and more options were exercised and more options moved from out of the money to into the money, creating a more dilutive impact on our share count. 
 The second influence was that we suspended our share repurchase program. As a result, we're not offsetting the stock option dilution with repurchases. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we do expect to resume our opportunistic share repurchase program in the fourth quarter. And over time, we expect our share repurchases to reduce the overall level of diluted shares outstanding. 
Charles Ives: That concludes the Q&A portion of today's earnings call. A replay of today's call will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website at chrobinson.com at approximately 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time today. 
 If you have additional questions, I can be reached by phone or email. Thank you again for participating in our third quarter 2020 conference call, and have a good day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines or log off the webcast at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Second Quarter 2020 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today’s presentation, Chuck Ives will facilitate a review of previously submitted questions. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, July 29, 2020. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chuck Ives, Director of Investor Relations.
Chuck Ives: Thank you, Donna, and good morning everyone. On the call with me today is Bob Biesterfeld, our Chief Executive Officer; and Mike Zechmeister, our Chief Financial Officer. Bob and Mike will provide a summary of our 2020 second quarter results. Presentation slides that accompany their remarks can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at chrobinson.com. We will follow their comments with responses to the pre-submitted questions we’ve received after our earnings release yesterday. I’d like to remind you that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. Slide 2 in today’s presentation lists factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management’s expectations. And with that, I will turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Biesterfeld: Thank you, Chuck, and good morning, everyone. Before we jump into our second quarter results, I want to take time to recognize the recent civil unrest we have seen following the killing of George Floyd in Minneapolis at the end of May. I and C.H. Robinson support the movement calling for social and racial justice that we’ve seen gain momentum in the wake of his death. Immediately following Mr. Floyd’s death, I sent a message to our employees and joined with other CEOs in our hometown in condemning his senseless death and calling for changes needed to address racial inequalities and social justice across our nation and around the globe. At Robinson, our people are at the heart of all that we do. And with that, we’re committed to building a culture of inclusivity and belonging where all employees are able to contribute and to thrive. It’s built into our edge values and it’s part of our DNA. Recent events have underscored the importance of this work, but we know that in order to truly make lasting change, this work needs to be more than just a single initiative or a program, and we’re committed to ensuring this work is ingrained in all that we do in order to perpetuate true and sustained change. Turning now to our results. In the second quarter, we saw unprecedented volatility in the freight industry. Our truckload net revenue per shipment increased substantially early in the quarter as the cost of purchased transportation fell due to soft demand. This was followed by a sharp increase in the cost of purchased transportation, as businesses reopened, demand for freight increased and the number of active carriers declined, causing a significant decrease in our net revenue per shipment as we continued to honor our commitment to our customers through these volatile market changes. From a net revenue per shipment standpoint, each of these fluctuations on their own would have been the largest intra-quarter changes that we’ve experienced in over a decade. Despite this volatile environment, we were able to deliver solid performance across our diversified business portfolio, due to the tremendous efforts of our C.H. Robinson team members around the world. The broadening of our portfolio of services over the past few years is a key piece of the Robinson growth story, and I expect that we’ll continue to grow and deliver volumes that outpace the market as we move forward. During the quarter, we continued to make progress on our strategic long-term initiatives around market share gains and productivity improvement. Our results included a sixth consecutive quarter of market share gains in NAST with 4.5% and 2% volume declines in truckload and LTL, compared to a 21% decline in industry volumes in the second quarter, as measured by the Cass Freight Index. Excluding headcount from the recent acquisition of Prime Distribution Services, our productivity metrics continue to be strong, as indicated by 1050 basis-point favorable spread between the change in truckload volume and the change in full-time equivalents in our NAST business. As we said in the past, this has been important metric and a key focus of our technology investments and our transformation efforts. Our technology initiatives also continued to drive increases in automation. A few examples of this include a 56% increase in fully-automated truckload bookings, compared to second quarter of last year. Our digital transactions were up 55%, compared to a year ago, and we’re now on pace to exceed over 1 billion transactions for the year. And traffic continues to grow on our Freightquote by C.H. Robinson platform, the digital self-serve product offering for small businesses that we introduced late in 2019. Our Global Forwarding business was at the forefront of helping the world get personal protective equipment urgently and efficiently. The air market in second quarter was impacted by reduced cargo capacity, increased charter flights and larger than normal shipment sizes, which created an environment with unusually high rates for airfreight. Shippers increasingly relied on Robinson’s global supply chain expertise and our data and scale advantages to ensure critical goods were moved as quickly and as inexpensively as possible. This resulted in a 100% year-over-year growth in our airfreight net revenue. As we discussed on last quarter’s call, we also took steps across our organization to reduce costs in the short-term, while inventory volumes are down. These cost reduction efforts included furloughs and workforce reductions, elimination of non-essential travel, a temporary compensation reduction for our Company executive officers and Board members, as well as a temporary suspension of the Company match to retirement plans for our U.S. and Canadian employees. These short-term cost controls were put in place at a time when they were greatly needed and they demonstrate our ability to flex our cost structure as our business cycles change. We’ve learned a lot as we’ve managed through the pandemic about how to be more agile, how to work and to sell differently, how to collaborate and communicate more effectively, and how to serve our customers and carriers in new ways, while we work in these virtual teams? As a result of this and our ability to harness the benefits of our technology investment and our network transformation, approximately one half of the short-term furloughs have become permanent headcount reductions. We’ll continue to evaluate our global business operations to ensure we manage our business in the most efficient manner and continue to deliver superior service to our customers and our carriers. Our resilient and responsive business model generated $447 million of operating cash flow during the second quarter. Our balance sheet is strong and we exited the second quarter with $1.6 billion in liquidity. We are well-positioned to weather the economic uncertainty in the months ahead, and we will emerge stronger from this difficult time. I’ll now turn the call to Mike Zechmeister to review our second quarter financial performance.
Mike Zechmeister: Thanks Bob, and good morning, everyone. I’d like to begin by adding some color to Bob’s comments about our solid liquidity position. In Q2, we increased the Company’s liquidity by approximately $390 million to $1.61 billion. Our liquidity is comprised of $1 billion of committed funding under our credit facility, which is undrawn and matures in October of 2023. We have $250 million of available credit from our accounts receivable securitization, which is also undrawn and matures this December. Finally, we finished Q2 with $362 million in cash. And our gross debt to EBITDA leverage was 1.48 times. Our business model continues to deliver solid operating cash flow during periods of significant volatility. Our second quarter gross revenues decreased 7.2% compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to lower pricing in our truckload and LTL service lines. Total Company net revenues decreased 11.6% in the quarter, primarily due to lower truckload net revenue per load compared to Q2 last year. This was a largely anticipated as second quarter last year benefited from higher net revenue margins in our contractual truckload business due to falling carrier costs. As Bob mentioned, we experienced significant volatility in truckload net revenue in second quarter. Our Q2 total Company net revenues per business day were down 13% in April, down 2% in May and then down 19% in June, compared to the same periods last year. For reference, in the first two quarters of 2019, we experienced relatively high net revenue per shipment across our NAST truckload business. In 2019, total Company net revenues per business day increased 4% in April, 6% in May and 1% in June compared to the same periods in the prior year. Q2 personnel expenses totaled $300.5 million, down 11.3% from Q2 of last year, primarily due to our short-term cost reductions and poor variable compensation. Q2 SG&A expenses were $125.2 million, down 2.8% from Q2 last year, primarily due to the elimination of non-essential travel and non-critical project spending. This decrease was partially offset by an $11.5 million loss on the sale and leaseback of a company-owned data center. Overall, our short term cost reduction efforts generated approximately $40 million of savings in the second quarter. As we communicated previously, we put in place short-term cost takeout initiatives to generate savings, primarily from personnel actions, the elimination of noncritical project spending, reductions to travel and entertainment, and suspensions of our company match to retirement plans in the U.S. and Canada. As a result of leaning into these initiatives with greater depth, we are increasing our estimate of the short-term cost takeout savings to approximately $80 million in 2020, compared to the $60 million of savings we communicated on the Q1 call. Total second quarter operating income was down 17% versus last year and operating margin declined by approximately 200 basis points compared to Q2 last year, primarily due to the decline in net revenue dollars and partially offset by reductions in personnel and SG&A expenses. Second quarter interest and other expenses totaled $10.2 million, up from $6.6 million in Q2 last year. Q2 interest expense was $12.4 million, which decreased modestly from $12.8 million in Q2 last year, primarily due to a lower average interest rate. Our expense in Q2 included a $1.8 million gain from currency revaluation, which was down $1 million, compared to the $2.8 million gain in Q2 of last year. Our second quarter effective tax rate was 19.4%, compared to a 23.4% rate in Q2 last year. Our Q2 effective tax rate included a rate benefit of approximately 4 percentage points related to the delivery of a large one-time deferred stock award that was granted to our prior CEO in 2000. We now expect our 2020 full year effective tax rate to be 20% to 22%, down from the 22% to 24% range that we communicated previously. Net income totaled to $143.9 million in the second quarter and diluted earnings per share was $1.06 in Q2, down 13.1% from Q2 last year. Turning now to cash flow. Q2 cash flow from operations was approximately $447 million, an increase of 124% versus Q2 last year. The $248 million increase was driven primarily by favorable changes in working capital. Sequentially, our cash flow from operations has also exhibited volatility with low cash generation in the first quarter of this year and high cash generation in the second quarter. Neither quarter on its own is indicative of our expectations going forward. However, if you look at the past four quarters, we delivered $885 million of operating cash flow, which is more indicative of what we would expect going forward. Q2 capital expenditures totaled $10.3 million, bringing our year-to-date capital spending to $25 million. We now expect our 2020 full-year capital expenditures to be on the low end of the $60 million to $70 million range that we communicated in January. We continue to prioritize the highest returning technology initiatives on a risk-adjusted basis, and we’ve remained committed to our $1 billion investment in technology from 2019 to 2023. We returned approximately $68.4 million to shareholders in Q2, which consisted almost entirely of dividends and represented a 62% decrease versus Q2 last year. The Q2 decline was driven by the hold we placed on our share repurchase program in March out of an abundance of caution, given the uncertainties in the economy posed by the pandemic. Over the long-term, we remain committed to our quarterly dividend and share repurchase to enhance shareholder value. We expect to resume our opportunistic share repurchase program in the fourth quarter of this year. Now, onto some balance sheet highlights. As I mentioned, we finished Q2 with $362 million in cash. Our cash accumulation resulted from strong operating cash flow in the absence of share repurchases. Over the long term, we intend to carry only the cash needed to fund operations. Our debt balance at quarter-end was $1.1 billion, down approximately $160 million versus Q2 last year, as we paid off our variable rate debt, which represents all of our debt that is pre-payable without penalty. Our Q2 weighted-average interest rate was 3.9% in the quarter, compared to 4.2% in Q2 last year. We will continue to seek out and deliver on opportunities to drive efficiency into our business model. With that, we have taken actions to convert some of the short-term cost savings into long-term cost savings, primarily through reductions in force related to process redesign and automation in our NAST business that Bob referred to earlier. Of the $100 million of long-term annual savings expected by the end of 2022, we’re confident that we will deliver at least one-third of those savings in 2020. Thanks for listening this morning. Now, I’ll turn the call back over to Bob to provide some additional context on the business.
Bob Biesterfeld: Thank you, Mike. On slide 8 of our presentation, the light and dark blue lines represent the percent change in NAST truckload rate per mile billed to our customers and cost per mile paid to our contract carriers, excluding fuel costs over the current decade. During the quarter, price per mile billed to our customers declined 5.5%, compared to the second quarter of last year, while cost per mile paid to our contract carriers net of fuel declined 2%. But, as I mentioned earlier, this quarter was perhaps the most volatile quarter we’ve ever seen and the averages do not tell the whole story. We experienced large swings and year-over-year changes in truckload volume and demand, depending on the industry vertical and how it was impacted by COVID-19. We experienced volume growth of 10% in the combined verticals of retail, food and beverage, technology, paper and healthcare, offset by combined truckload volume declines of over 20% in industries that were directly impacted by the current environment such as automotive, manufacturing, chemicals and energy. Costs in the spot market quickly declined early in the quarter due to soft demand and then increased sharply as businesses reopened and demand for freight increased. Through all of this disruption, we’ve continued to honor our commitments on our contractual pricing agreements with our truckload customers, despite instances where the cost of purchase transportation exceeds our customer pricing. Meeting our commitments is a key component of our brand and is one of the reasons we have such high retention rate with our customer base. But, it also carries a cost at times and it resulted in a higher percentage of truckload files with negative margins, as we progressed through the quarter and into July. As costs Rose on the back half of the quarter, industry acceptance rates also declined, driving route guide gaps that began to rise. Historically, prices follow costs in the trucking industry and we expect that rates will begin to adjust to the current environment as we re-price expiring contracts throughout the balance of the year. I’ll wrap up our prepared remarks this morning with a few final comments. Since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, our team is focused on three key pillars as guideposts for our decision making: First, ensuring the health and safety of our employees; second, providing supply chain continuity for our customers and our carriers; and third, protecting the economic security of our people to the greatest extent possible. We continue to believe that these pillars are the right way to evaluate our decisions and to keep our focus on the long-term health of our organization. Our investments in technology have enabled us to effectively maintain a remote work environment without disruption to our customers or our carriers, while enabling our employees to work safely from home. And while there is still uncertainty in the freight market and within the broader global economy, we remain committed to our vital role in the global supply chain by delivering critical and essential goods and services. As a company, we’ll continue to make measured and thoughtful decisions that are in the best interest of our employees, our customers, and our carriers and the long-term health of the Company, while remaining true to our values and the pillars that guide our business decisions. Importantly, we’ll also continue to act in the best long-term interest of our shareholders by balancing prudent short and long-term cost reduction efforts with continued investments in technology, driven by maximizing growth and value creation. As the freight market and broader economy continues to recover, we’re committed to providing best-in-class service to our customers, continuing to grow market share and driving the transformation of C.H. Robinson while we emerge from this time of uncertainty as an even stronger company. And finally, I’m incredibly proud of the effort and the dedication of our employees around the world in these unprecedented times. I thank all of them for what they continue to do to deliver excellence to our customers and our carriers, and the support that they provide to the communities that we all live and work in. That concludes our prepared comments. And with that, I’ll turn it back to Donna, so we can answer the submitted questions.
Operator: Mr. Ives, the floor is yours for the Q&A session.
Chuck Ives: Thank you, Donna. First, I would like to thank the many analysts and investors for taking the time to submit questions after our earnings release yesterday. For today’s Q&A session, I will frame up the question and then turn it over to Bob or Mike for a response. Our first question is for Bob from several analysts. We have heard a number of brokers over the course of this earnings season talking about how tight market conditions are in July and how truckload brokerage margins are at unsustainably low levels and feels like the truckload market is at a tipping point. Can you talk about what you are seeing in your business in July? And, is it your sense that the routing guides are beginning to break down? If so, can you walk us through what that would mean for your business over the course of the next several quarters?
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes, certainly an important topic for the quarter. I would say, it’s hard to tell where things are going in the next several months, given all the uncertainties around the potential continued stimulus or extended stimulus, or second phase of shutdowns potentially in some states, unemployment, consumer spending and confidence, other COVID-related challenges. But, I’ll try to address some of the trends that we are seeing carrying into July operationally in our business. Regarding routing guides, we have seen a sequential degradation of routing guide performance in our Managed Services business really over the last 10 weeks or so. As a reminder, that business represents around $4 billion in freight under management. We believe it’s a pretty decent proxy to how routing guides are performing for large shippers across the industry. When we look at first tender acceptance rates, we’ve seen that trend decline from a high, in the 90% range to close to 70% in the most recent week. And when you translate that into how routing guides are performing, we see that depth of tender number move from about 1.1 to about 1.5 in the most recent week. So, that encapsulates our Managed Services business. When I look at those data points, coupled with some of the things that we’re seeing in NAST around the percentage of loads resulting in negative margins, as well as the aggregate demand from shippers on lanes that we weren’t preliminary awarded in past bids, it does feel like we’re at a bit of an inflection point in the market. In terms of how that translates to our results and what it means for us, we obviously saw some margin compression in the quarter. And contracts that we priced in the third quarter and fourth quarter of last year, I’d expect that to continue until we’ve got that opportunity to reprice that business when those contracts expire in the back half of the year. Based on where our truckload net revenue per load is today, which is really at the low end of our historical range, we do expect some of those headwinds around margin to carry forward. The offset to that though is that we continue to see pressure on first tender acceptance and routing guide performance. That should open up a more consistent opportunity in the spot market to support our customers where potentially other providers may not be honoring those commitments or choosing to selectively deploy assets to higher margin opportunities in their networks. From a volume perspective, we are seeing recovery in some of the industry segments that were hardest hit in the second quarter, which is a benefit to our overall volume moving forward. Additionally, as I said in some of the prepared remarks, we’ve been really intent on managing and honoring our commitments in this period where volumes have outperformed the market on a relative basis. I think, that we’re further deepening these relationships that we have with our clients and showing our long term, both for their business and to our relationship, which I think really sets us up well going into future pricing events. So, we’re going to continue to take that long term view with our customers in order to maximize our results.
Chuck Ives: The next question is from Todd Fowler with KeyBanc, Jack Atkins with Stephens, Brandon Oglenski with Barclays, and Ken Hoexter with Bank of America asked similar question. Mike, what structural takeaways were learned from the current quarter results? Going forward, could personnel expenses be at a lower level of net revenue permanently, and travel and entertainment be more permanently curtailed to improve margins? Are there other more permanent cost reductions that can be implemented based on current quarter results?
Mike Zechmeister: Thanks, guys, it sounds like four good questions in one. Let me tackle them in two parts. On our structural learnings in Q2, travel and entertainment, and more permanent, cost reductions, I would say that the pandemic-related transition to a remote work environment has us rethinking a few areas within our business. First relates to productivity efforts. Our progress in Q1 and Q2 definitely gave us confidence in our ability to successfully implement process standardization and technology enhancements in a remote work environment. You saw the productivity results across NAST, where we had 1,050 basis-point favorable gap between percent change in volume and percent change in headcount. Similarly, we’re looking closely at our real estate footprint, and our travel and entertainment expenses. The pandemic has shed light on our ability to leverage technology to work effectively from outside the office and with very limited travel. In many cases, the technology for working remote has enhanced our engagement with customers. While we’re not ready to say that a fully remote workforce without travel is a reasonable long-term outlook, meaningful reductions to both are certainly under consideration. The next part of the question was around longer term reductions to personnel expenses as a percent of net revenue. Here, I would point to a few forces at work. First is productivity. We’ve talked about our journey there, which certainly results in a lower personnel expense as a percent of net revenue. However, we’ve also -- a couple of forces working in the opposite direction, instead of as one, the variable component of our personnel expense related to bonuses and equity compensation has been suppressed as an enterprise in 2019-2020. While we would expect similar incentive expense in Q3 and Q4 compared to Q2, we expect incentive to be a sizeable headwind in 2021, along with other expectations of better business results year-over-year. Healthcare is also a component of personnel expense that came in lower in Q2. Healthcare as a percent of total personnel expense, saw roughly 200 basis-point benefit in Q2 versus Q2 last year. Let me repeat that that was healthcare as a percent of total personnel, not net revenue. I would not expect the levels that we saw in Q2 to continue as employee healthcare visits and elective procedures get back to a more normal level when the pandemic subsides.
Chuck Ives: Our next question for Bob is from Jack Atkins with Stephens, Scott Group with Wolfe Research, Allison Landry with Credit Suisse, and Fadi Chamoun with BMO Capital Markets, asked similar questions. How should we think about the sustainability of the sharp rise in Air Forwarding net revenue and Global Forwarding operating margin? Is this a onetime windfall, or should we think about this perhaps driving more demand for your Air Forwarding services, while we see passenger belly freight capacity return, which could be awhile?
Bob Biesterfeld: So, no question that the airfreight market is still in a constrained environment relative to “normal” as largely that passenger belly space has been absent from the market. Pricing has subsided from the peak that we experienced in Q2, but capacity does remain constrained and we’re seeing strong demand for charter service carry into third quarter. I certainly don’t expect a 100% increase in our airfreight net revenue to be the go forward new normal. But, we are seeing increased in continued demand and opportunities to provide the service to our clients in a pretty meaningful way on a go forward basis. We feel really good about our service mix in forwarding our ability to operate in our clients’ best interest and ensure that we can optimize their supply chain, and we’ve got the capacity that meets their need, whether the air gate wave, or charters, LTL [ph] or our traditional or expedited ocean services. In terms of operating margin in that business, we said a number of times before, but we do believe that we have through our work and forwarding the ability to have industry-leading operating margins in that business. You saw obviously this quarter extremely strong results there. But, we said, we think our goal is to be in that 30% operating margin range in forwarding is kind of a long-term target.
Chuck Ives: The next question for Bob comes from Brian Ossenbeck with JP Morgan, Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer asked a similar question. Robinson continues to add new carriers to the brokerage network. How does the capacity look at this point of the year, when demand is well above seasonality, considering the different dynamics in play around COVID-19? Have there been any meaningful capacity curtailments individually or in the aggregate?
Bob Biesterfeld: Thanks, Brian and Scott. It does seem like we’re seeing some exit of capacity from the marketplace. We added 3,700 new carriers in the quarter, which is obviously a large number of carriers. But, it is one of the lowest numbers of new carrier signups that we’ve seen in the past several quarters. If we look at the total number of carriers utilized in the quarter, we actually saw that number trend down as well with the largest drop in terms of absolute numbers being in the small carrier space or those carriers that have less than 10 trucks. On both the sequential and a year-over-year basis, we saw that number of active carriers drop by around 10% sequentially and closer to 15% year-over-year. Part of what makes it difficult to read through these numbers, however, is that we’ve made some pretty meaningful changes during the quarter to what we call our carrier advantage program, which we drive -- which we made the changes in order to drive and award freight and opportunity to our highest performing carriers in the network. So, that change likely has some impact to the total number of active carriers used by Robinson in the quarter. Another variable though that we’re watching around capacity is related to how the Paycheck Protection Program intersects and maybe buoyed some of the capacity in the marketplace in the second quarter. And so, some uncertainty, I think still remains around how that’s going to play out in the coming months and quarters.
Chuck Ives: The next question for Bob is from Jack Atkins with Stephens. To the extent we see a turn in the truckload cycle here over the next few months, how is the organization better prepared to capitalize on this cycle today versus 2017-2018? Asked another way, if we see a sharp rise in spot market demand and market rates continue to move higher, will your investments in technology and automation over the past five plus years position the Company to grow volumes, net revenue and ultimately profits any differently than prior cycles?
Bob Biesterfeld: Thanks, Jack. We’re in a really different place in NAST today than we were during that inflection point in 2017-2018. That market was changing really rapidly. It really intersected with what I would call, the early stages of our NAST transformation. And we were frankly managing through a ton of internal changes while that market was changing dramatically around us. Structurally today, our footprint has changed pretty significantly since that time. Our operations functions have largely been centralized into scaled centers that allow us the ability to scale task oriented work in a more efficient manner and intersect technology more effectively than we were able to do at that time. That’s going to drive greater quality for us and greater efficiency. And since that time, we’ve completely revamped our sales force. We’ve resized that team, we’ve introduced new technology, so that they can manage their activities, opportunities and results more effectively. We’ve aligned that team in the territory, so they can maximize the penetration of those markets. From a carrier management standpoint, another important component of our NAST model, we’re now operating in a national model across larger scale teams versus our historic distributed local model. That also gives us a scale advantage and the ability to leverage technology more effectively. From an overall investment, test and a capability standpoint, we’ve got more and better digital tools today that allow us to facilitate things like pricing and quoting and load distribution and freight matching in fully digital and automated ways that didn’t exist for us at that time. And from a connectivity standpoint, we’re a much more connected platform than we were, which leads us to a much less manual intervention and makes it a lot easier for our customers to engage with us and easier for us to capitalize on spot market opportunity. So, I do think these things all converge in a way to position us to be more effective and demonstrate real progress in our transformation.
Chuck Ives: The next question for Mike is from Todd Fowler with KeyBanc, Jack Atkins with Stephens, Brian Ossenbeck with JP Morgan, and Tom Wadewitz with UBS asked similar questions. What color can you provide around expectations for furloughed employees to come back and work hours to normalize? Longer term, do you expect volume growth to outpace headcount growth in NAST?
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. Thanks for the question. So, given our progress in leveraging technology and process improvement investments, and as Bob mentioned, approximately half of our furloughs were converted to long-term workforce reductions. For those employees returning from furlough, the vast majority returned to work, albeit remote, this week. Given our ongoing commitment to technology investments, we expect volume growth to continue to outpace headcount growth in NAST in a meaningful way. Our focus is on widening that productivity gap between the percent change in headcount and the percent change in volume by continuing to simplify, standardize and automate processes for our customers, carriers and employees.
Chuck Ives: The next question is from Bruce Chan with Stifel. Jack Atkins with Stephens asked a similar question. Bob, what is the most impactful technology initiative that you currently have underway? How, would distinguish your value proposition from customers or make operations more efficient? And can you give us an update on where you stand relative to some of the KPIs you track to give a sense for the progress you are making?
Bob Biesterfeld: So, there’s no one initiative or magic bullet, but I’ll try to read it together in a way that makes sense here. Across our technology roadmap, we’ve got several initiatives underway and each of them comes in some way with a new digital capability being delivered, coupled with a change in our legacy business process. So, our transformation isn’t just really about tech. It’s about how tech and our people and processes come together to drive better outcomes and more value. As I’ve said before, our tech investments are really pointed against three key areas around customer innovation, carrier value creation and network efficiency. Our customers are looking for innovative new ways to manage complex global supply chain challenges and to mitigate risks. They want connectivity, they want visibility, they want predictive analytics that can help identify problems in their supply chains before they need to deal with them. We’re delivering those to them today. Our carriers continue to look for ways to improve efficiency in their networks, get more access to freight in a frictionless environment, drive deadhead miles out of their models and improve their yields. And so, our efforts are focused on providing those opportunities to them. Our employees are looking for ways to drive efficiency into their workflows, to focus on the work that matters, to have tools to be more effective in selling, pricing and winning business. And we’re providing those to them today as well. If I think about the KPI, the simple math on this from an internal perspective or shareholder return perspective is that our tech investments need to fuel top-line growth, while at the same time allowing us to be able to do more with less or at a minimum more with the same. And in our case, the denominator in that equation typically is headcount and the numerator is either a task or a business process or a shipment count. [Ph] So, that’s how we’ll drive return to the model. As we said in our prepared comments, we were able to turn about half of those short-term furloughs into permanent cost savings from our investments in tech. And those impacts are having our workflows. Across these three converging areas of customer, carrier and efficiency or workflow focus, one of the keys is connectivity. And we’re rapidly expanding the number of companies and platforms that we’re connecting with. Think about large scale ERPs and TMSs in order to extend the benefits of the [indiscernible] platform of our customers’ native systems so that they can engage with us where and how they want to. The number of B2B transactions that we’re processing is up exponentially for the quarter and this spans the gamut from fully automated truckload bookings to real time location updates to load tenders and acceptance, run that run rate to far exceed over 1 billion B2B digital transactions this year. Our algorithmic based pricing engines have delivered over 1 million automated price quotes with capacity assurance to our customers in the first half of the year, driving tremendous opportunity for efficiency and share gain in the NAST model. To Jack’s earlier question about comparing today to 2018, during that timeframe, we would have had to manually manage and respond to all those quotes. And today, we’re able to do that at the speed of thought and do that in seconds without human interaction, which really helps our win rates and drive share gain. Our emerging and small business customers continue to migrate to our freight quote by C.H. Robinson platform. We feel really good about the average users that we’ve gotten on that. We’ve introduced parcel about solutions or now automatically able to book LTL truckload and parcel in an automated manner. So, automation, innovation and network transformation are those three converging forces that I see coming together here to really drive results. And that spread between volume and headcount in mass and across the enterprise is one of the core KPIs that we’ll continue to monitor and communicate, along with the growth in digital transactions and digital bookings and things of that nature. In the long term, our ability to deliver industry-leading operating margins, continuing to take market share through cycles, and showing demonstrative and sustained productivity gains with employee gain are really those key metrics.
Chuck Ives: The next question is for Mike from Ben Hartford with Robert W. Baird. Regarding the decision to resume share repurchases in Q4 of 2020, any reason to not resume them immediately?
Mike Zechmeister: Great question. Thanks, Ben. The short answer is we’re treating the current environment with an abundance of caution for another couple of months. As we highlighted, we have more than ample liquidity, low leverage and the ability to generate solid cash flows in the most volatile market conditions. Despite that, these are still uncertain times. So, we’re placing a higher value on liquidity and balance sheet strength in the near term. And we expect this program in Q4.
Chuck Ives: The next question comes from Matt Young with Morningstar, Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs asked a similar question. Could you provide some color on the cadence of year-over-year contract pricing in the second quarter, and what you are seeing thus far in July?
Bob Biesterfeld: I described the environment surrounding contract pricing in the second quarter is largely disruptive, because markets were moving so quickly throughout the quarter. I think, it was difficult for shippers and carriers both to navigate those ever-changing dynamics, which resulted in several bidding resubmissions, so many bids. I’d say for our results perspective, the rate in which we were awarded contract freight in the second quarter, the number of loads bid was slightly ahead of both, our Q1 win rate as well as our five-year trailing average.
Chuck Ives: The next question for Bob is from Ben Hartford with Robert W. Baird, Chris Wetherbee from City and Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer asked similar questions. To what extent did you realize any change in competitive dynamics during Q2 amid the volatility in monthly or even weekly gross margins, particularly within your core NAST truckload segment?
Bob Biesterfeld: I’d say, the market dynamics in the second quarter, as we try to describe them, were so extreme within the quarter in terms of the rapid fall and rise of cost of purchase transportation and spot market pricing, along with the absence of demand in some industry verticals and the record demand in other industry verticals, it’s nearly impossible to identify the impacts of competitive dynamics versus the overall macro environment related to [Technical Difficulty] improving demand environment that [Technical Difficulty] pressure on routing guide performance and [Technical Difficulty] cost of purchase transportation as the quarter progressed are the real observations related to the North American truckload market.
Chuck Ives: The next question is for Bob from Fadi Chamoun with BMO Capital Markets. Labor productivity trends inside NAST have improved and this quarter performance is better than we have seen [Technical Difficulty] in a while. If volumes are up 10% in the next 12 months, would you need to add headcount? Are we seeing a transition to a more sustained productivity improvement in NAST?
Bob Biesterfeld: So, top of head, I think that, Q3 delivered a positive spread between our change in headcount and our change in volume in NAST. And I believe that we’ve got continued opportunities to drive this favorable spread moving forward as more digital product get delivered and reach full adoption [Technical Difficulty] these productivity gains to be sustained over time. Specific to the 10% question, there is a lot of variables that go into that answer as not all volume is equal, so to speak. It really is dependent on the efficiency of a particular type of freight [Technical Difficulty] operate in a digital environment, the freight mix. The freight mix really has a lot to do with answering that question, but I do believe that the productivity gains can be sustained.
Chuck Ives: [Technical Difficulty] with JP Morgan. Where do you believe Robinson is taking share in LTL and truckload and how sustainable do you expect these share gains will be in the back half of the year?
Bob Biesterfeld: Our market share gains were pretty broad-based within the quarter. If you can compare our blended truckload and LTL volume changes to the Cass index, you see a really meaningful market share gain there. We’ve had some conversations with analysts that prefer the U.S. Bank Volume Index as a proxy. And even if you use that, you see really meaningful market share gains against that index as well. If you look at our LTL volumes versus many of the comparative companies reporting tonnage changes in the LTL space, you see a pretty strong outperformance that improved throughout the quarter in LTL as well. So I believe that our market share gains are really driven by the value that we create for our clients in the supply chain and then how we continue to demonstrate our commitments and honoring those commitments when we make them. I think that sets us up really favorably from a volume perspective in the back half of the year and into the future.
Chuck Ives: The next question for Mike is from Jason Seidl with Cowen and Company. Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer asked a similar question. What are your capital allocation priorities and how does the M&A market look?
Mike Zechmeister: Despite the hold in 2Q until Q4 on our opportunistic share purchase program, our longer term capital allocation priorities remain the same. The top priority for capital allocation remains the close in investments that we’re making the fuel growth and efficiency on our core business. We evaluate those on a risk-adjusted basis, and you’re seeing the results of those investments in the productivity and market share gains that we talked about NAST. We’re also committed to our quarterly dividend and growing it over time. On the M&A front, we continue to maintain a strong pipeline of opportunities that under the right circumstance returns. The current environment is certainly favorable from a borrowing standpoint to the extent that financing is needed, but [Technical Difficulty] the market and the outlook on the corporate tax rate create some level of hesitation. With that, we will continue to maintain our discipline around value creation with respect to our M&A pipeline.
Chuck Ives: The next question is from Jason Seidl with Cowen and Company. Bob, what is your long term NAST -- what is your long-term view on long-term NAST net revenue margins and EBIT margins?
Bob Biesterfeld: So, if we look at net revenue margins from NAST over time, from 2015 through the most recent [Technical Difficulty] if I think about what the anomalies are over that five and a half year period, it’s really Q4 of last year and Q1 of this year, when they were at 14% and 13.2%, respectively. We’ve seen that average come down from roughly 17.5% that we experienced in 2015 and 2016. But, over the longer term, I really don’t expect those margins to trade down materially, as I believe that some of the impact in the most recent short term has been driven by some pricing in the industry, but by some companies attempting to take share [Technical Difficulty] costs with little to no regard to profitability. In terms of operating margin in the long term, I do believe that the NAST business can achieve operating margins, more reflective of that same trailing five and a half year period, which is north of 40%. So, there’s clearly going to be some puts and takes on a quarter-to-quarter income. Over 40% is the target for that business.
Chuck Ives: The next question is from Jack Atkins with Steven’s. Bob, as you look forward, I think in the past [Technical Difficulty] was $30 billion in revenue at some point, which is roughly double your 2019 revenue base. [Technical Difficulty] revenue margins trend down over time. Putting those two things together with your investments in technology which are aimed at driving efficiencies, if revenue is doubling, what would prevent your profitability from doing the same thing?
Bob Biesterfeld: So, we’ve talked a lot on the call today about cost containment, cost management, super important parts of the story, but Robinson’s future is based on the balance of growth -- top-line growth and getting the right cost structure. And so, there’s no reason to think that this shouldn’t be the case. I think that that $30 billion target is a realistic one for us. And we’ve got this huge total addressable market, across our global suite of services and our value proposition is compelling and becoming more compelling for the customers that we work with. You think about our penetration, we’re somewhere around 3% of the market in the U.S. or maybe 1% of the market in Europe. And while we’re the leading NVOCC in the Transpacific Eastbound and a few other trade lanes, we’ve got so much room to grow organically. And I think there’s also going to be some logical M&A opportunities as Mike was just talking about in the coming years that are going to fit our structure of how we look at companies. So, it’s still our efforts as a management team around enterprise efficiency and cost management that characterize [Technical Difficulty] somewhat is preparing for the worst and hoping for the best, and so, the thesis that margins are going to come down over time. We’re looking at a lot of scenarios over the course of the next five years and saying, what if margins went to here, or what if margins went to here? What would our cost structure need to look like, so that we can continue to generate appropriate returns to our shareholders? Asking the question of how lean can our cost structure really be while still supporting our top-line growth aspirations and achieving that $30 billion target, and what steps can we take now to start framing that up? So, I think I’ve said it before, margins likely go down over time. And I thought that for a long time. But, as I said, with the last question, the reality is that they’ve stayed really pretty tightly range bound over the past decade.
Chuck Ives: The next question is from Brian Ossenbeck with JP Morgan for Mike. How large was the spending on non essential travel during an average quarter of 2019? What is the expected quarterly spend on SG&A, excluding this adjustment, has it changed from the $130 million to $135 million rate per quarter?
Mike Zechmeister: As I mentioned earlier, we’ve learned a lot as we’ve managed through the pandemic how to work and sell differently, and how to serve our customers and carriers in new ways. And this has made our travel and non-critical project spending reductions more palatable. And we’ve reduced our spending in Q2 to $114 million, excluding the $11.5 million loss in the data center. Since some of the Q2 savings were short term in nature, we would expect total SG&A expenses to be closer to $120 million per quarter in Q3 and Q4.
Chuck Ives: The next question is from Ravi Shankar with Morgan Stanley for Mike. Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs asked a similar question. What was the driver of the big year-over-year increases in other net revenue in NAST and Global Forwarding? Is that M&A?
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. Thanks for giving us the opportunity to clarify those. The 141% net revenue increase in NAST other is driven by the Prime Distribution Services acquisition. And as you recall, Prime began contributing to our results in March. So, in Q1, we had the benefit of one month; in Q2, we saw the benefit for the entire quarter. And for clarity, this is the warehousing component of the Prime business that is rolled up under other. The freight component is rolled up into LTL. The 64.5% net revenue increase in Global Forwarding other was driven primarily by some large projects within our project logistics business which specializes in moving heavy or oversized freight on flatbed that comes in via air or ocean.
Chuck Ives: The next question is from Brian Ossenbeck with JP Morgan for Bob. Allison Landry with Credit Suisse asked a similar question. Have you noticed an appreciable difference in the behavior of digital brokers over the last few quarters during a period of heightened volatility for the financial and freight markets? Would you consider acquiring a digital broker to further the tech investments at Robinson, or do you prefer internal development?
Bob Biesterfeld: So, anecdotally, we’ve heard some stories from shippers that some of the new entrants have become less aggressive in pricing, but that’s really pretty situational. And it really shouldn’t be construed as an overall change in strategy. And frankly, I’m not comfortable commenting on the strategy of any of our competitors, and I’m not sure if it’s the highest and best use of time. One observation that I would share in the quarter, though, is that our margins in the spot truckload market on a per load basis were lower than we would normally expect to see in a period of market dislocation. So, it’s still clearly a really competitive truckload marketplace out there. In terms of M&A, we’re always going to look at -- like Mike said, looking at the best way to deploy our capital is to drive long term shareholder value through a risk-adjusted return basis. Characterizing M&A for us, any deal that we do, we expect it to be accretive to EPS in the long term. And for us to consider M&A, we need to be adding either new capabilities, expanding our global footprint, making the improvements to our technology [Technical Difficulty] actually sustainable. And the culture of the company is that we look at is really important and needs to fit with the culture of [indiscernible] and we look across the landscape of digital brokers. Based on what we know today, [Technical Difficulty] of Robinson or our shareholders.
Chuck Ives: The next question is from Chris Wetherbee with Citi for Mike. Which segment was the biggest [Technical Difficulty] loss accounted for in, NAST, Global Forwarding or other?
Mike Zechmeister: Thanks, Chris. The $11.5 million loss on the sale leaseback of our data center was included in our All Other and Corporate segment.
Chuck Ives: The next question is from Brian Ossenbeck with JP Morgan for Bob, Bruce Chan with Stifel asked a similar question. Ocean rates have held in fairly well over the last several months as carriers rationalized capacity. Can Robinson continue resetting or passing through rates ahead of the market?
Bob Biesterfeld: It seems that Brian we’ve done a really effective job of aligning their available capacity to the overall demand in the marketplace through managing blank sailings and other initiatives. As you’ve seen in past cycles within our Forwarding business, our procurement strategy that’s really blended in our ocean business allows our margins to stay pretty tightly bound, while we’re still able to procure the appropriate container capacity and service levels that our customers need with the pricing model that’s appropriate for them and for our partners on the steamship line side. We don’t see any meaningful change to our ocean margins really moving forward, given the current dynamics that we’re seeing today in the marketplace. I will say our pipeline for growth in the ocean product is really strong and we continue to take share in our core lanes and we’re winning allocations from new and existing [Technical Difficulty].
Chuck Ives: The next question is from Brian Ossenbeck with JP Morgan for Bob. Have shippers increasingly released many bids to secure additional capacity?
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. We have rounds of biddings with some of the shifts procurement exercises over the past few months. I think, that’s natural and I’d attribute it to the rapidly shifting [Technical Difficulty] the marketplaces and in some cases, the deterioration of routing guides. It’s a good way for shippers to mitigate risks within their supply chain. At Robinson, we’re working at new ways to help shippers to collaborate during this unprecedented time, leveraging some of the new technology tools that we’ve delivered, driven by data science in order to identify new ways to deal with some of these unplanned changes in customer supply chains. We’re proactively developing plans with our customers at a really granular level for the upcoming quarters, anticipated some continued volatility and the need for adaptability and flexibility.
Chuck Ives: Our final question for Bob is from Brian Ossenbeck with JP Morgan. Bruce Chan with Stifel asked a similar question. Noticeably, during the quarter, have the entrance of new competitors made a noticeable difference? What is [Technical Difficulty] and over the next year, and does it represent a potential growth opportunity within [Technical Difficulty].
Bob Biesterfeld: [Technical Difficulty] excited about our business in European surface transportation right now, and quietly, those [Technical Difficulty] for years and the second quarter was particularly strong. While we haven’t seen any impact of new competitors in the European marketplace, that marketplace while roughly equal to the size of that U.S. in terms of trucking, really doesn’t have the proliferation of 3PLs like we do here in the U.S. And so our asset-free model is pretty unique in Europe, and it’s really gaining traction in terms of scale. Strategically, over the past few years, we’ve been shifting our focus to being more of a core provider of contractual truckload services to large European shippers. [Technical Difficulty] more of a backup role for surge capacity. Our business mix on the trucking side in Europe is a nice blend between a lot of local intercompany -- or intra-country rather line-haul business [Technical Difficulty] now at record levels and we’ve got a number of tenders that are in implementation. And we expect that to continue to fuel growth through this year and into next. And much like our NAST team, our EST team, our European Surface Transportation team, as we call them, are actively looking at capturing this in order to drive improved productivity and returns back to the bottom-line [Technical Difficulty] key differences between the business models, between continents and the needs of customers. There’s a pretty high level of collaboration in terms of the technology development and deployment between EST and NAST, so that both business units are able to capitalize on the investments made in the Navisphere platform.
Chuck Ives: That concludes the Q&A portion of today’s earnings call. A replay [Technical Difficulty] Investor Relations section of our website at chrobinson.com at approximately [Technical Difficulty] today. If you have additional questions, I can be reached by phone or email. [Technical Difficulty] in our second quarter 2020 conference call. Have a good day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson First Quarter 2020 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today's presentation, Bob Houghton will facilitate a review of previously submitted questions. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, April 29, 2020.I would now like to turn the conference over to Bob Houghton, Vice President of Corporate Finance.
Bob Houghton: Thank you, Donna and good morning everyone. On our call today will be Bob Biesterfeld, our Chief Executive Officer; and Mike Zechmeister, our Chief Financial Officer.In order to devote as much time as possible to the Q&A portion of our call, we are implementing a couple of changes this quarter. First, we will not be covering a review of our segment performance in our prepared remarks, as this information is included in both our presentation slides and in our press release. We have also made the decision to no longer include the truckload volume growth per business day and total company net revenue growth per business day for the current month. Bob and Mike will provide brief commentary on our 2020 first quarter results.Presentation slides that accompany their remarks can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at chrobinson.com. We will follow their comments with responses to the pre-submitted questions we received after our earnings release yesterday. I'd like to remind you, that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements.Slide two in today's presentation list factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management's expectations.And with that, I will turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Biesterfeld: Thanks, Bob and good morning everybody. I'd like to start my remarks today by recognizing over 15,000 C.H. Robinson employees around the world for their tireless efforts during these unprecedented times. Every day, I see examples of how they're stepping in and delivering excellence to the nearly 200,000 customers and carriers across our platform in order to keep commerce flowing and helping businesses stay open. We're delivering critical and essential goods and I'm thankful for everything that they're doing.Since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, our team has focused on three key pillars as guideposts for our decision-making. First, ensuring the health and the safety of our employees; second, providing supply chain continuity for our customers and carriers; and third, protecting the economic security of our people to the greatest extent possible. We believe that these pillars are the right way to evaluate our decisions and to keep our focus on the long-term health of our organization.Given the global nature of our business, we gained early visibility into the disruptive nature of the COVID-19 virus. Because of these insights, coupled with the output from our investments in technology, we were able to effectively convert to a remote workforce, without disruption to our customers or carriers, while enabling our employees to work safely from home.Today, over 90% of our global workforce is working remotely. And we have ample bandwidth to move to 100% remote work if needed. Our teams are experienced in managing through crisis situations and are committed to ensuring that our customers' supply chains continue to move. Whether it's facilitating the global movement of personal protective equipment, leveraging our expertise in produce distribution to help retailers meet the surge in demand for fresh food items or simply providing truckload capacity to customers when they need it the most, our employees have been laser-focused on enabling the continued movement of goods and services in this environment.Related to this current environment, we're constantly evaluating our global business operations and monitoring the changing economic conditions. While the duration and the effect of COVID-19 is still unknown, we have taken steps across our organization to reduce costs. We're implementing furloughs across our workforce that will reduce operating expenses in the short term, while industry volumes are down.Our cost reduction efforts also include elimination of nonessential travel, a temporary salary reduction for company executive officers, a temporary reduction in cash retainers for our Board members and a temporary suspension of the company-matched retirement plans for U.S. and Canadian employees. These actions are prudent short-term decisions and we'll continue to monitor the current environment and take additional steps to further reduce costs as needed to navigate through this difficult time and to emerge an even stronger company.Before I turn the call over to Mike, I'll briefly touch on highlights for the quarter. We continue to make progress on our strategic long-term initiatives around market share gains and productivity improvement. Our first quarter results included significant market share gains in NAST, a 7.5% volume growth in both truckload and LTL in a quarter where industry volumes as measured by the Cass Freight Index declined between 8% and 9%.We continue to see our investments in technology drive operating efficiency in the business as indicated by a 1,270-basis point favorable spread between truckload volume growth and headcount growth in our NAST business. As we've said in the past, this is an important productivity metric and a key focus of our technology investments.Our recent acquisition of Prime Distribution Services is delivering outstanding performance at a time of significant increase in demand for retail consolidation. And during a quarter when global trade volumes were down significantly, our Global Forwarding business performed well with only modest declines in both air and ocean.We have a strong balance sheet and we exited first quarter with over $1.2 billion of liquidity. Our business model is resilient and highly responsive to adversity. And we are well positioned to weather the economic uncertainty in the months ahead.I'll now turn the call to Mike to review our first quarter financial performance.
Mike Zechmeister: Thanks, Bob and good morning. I'd like to begin my comments by adding some color to Bob's remarks about our solid liquidity position. At the end of Q1, we had $1.22 billion in liquidity, which was comprised of $929 million of committed capital under our $1 billion credit facility, which matures in October of 2023.In addition, we finished Q1 with $295 million in cash. Our business model continues to deliver solid operating cash flow including $637 million over the past four quarters and $59 million in the difficult Q1 environment. Our model also benefits from very low customer concentration with our top customer representing less than 2% of our net revenue.Slide 4 shows our Q1 income statement summary. As a reminder, our first quarter results contained one extra business day versus Q1 last year. Our first quarter results also included one month of contribution from the acquisition of Prime Distribution Services. First quarter total gross revenues increased 1.4%, driven primarily by higher volumes in our truckload and LTL service lines mostly offset by lower pricing in truckload.Total company net revenues decreased 16.3% in the quarter led by margin compression in our truckload service line. A decline in Q1 truckload net revenues per shipment was largely anticipated as the first quarter last year benefited from expanding margins in our contractual truckload business due to rapidly falling carrier costs.Q1 net revenues per business today were down 17% in January, down 14% in February and down 21% in March, when compared to the same periods last year. For reference, in 2019, total company net revenues per business day increased 9% in both January and February and increased 13% in March.Total first quarter operating income was down 51.3% versus last year. Operating margin declined by 1380 basis points compared to Q1 last year, driven primarily by the drop in net revenue dollars.Q1 SG&A expense was higher than Q1 last year, primarily due to increased technology spend and purchased services related to accelerating our growth and cost savings initiatives. These increases were partially offset by a reduction in personnel expenses related to lower variable compensation and a reduction in travel expense. Diluted earnings per share was $0.57 in Q1, down 50.9% from Q1 last year.Slide 5 covers other highlights impacting net income. Our first quarter effective tax rate was 17.1%, an improvement of approximately 490 basis points from the 22.0% rate in Q1 last year. Our first quarter typically has a lower effective tax rate due to the tax benefit related to stock-based compensation.While the dollar value of this tax benefit was essentially unchanged versus Q1 last year, it had a larger impact on the tax rate due to the lower pre-tax earnings in Q1. We expect our 2020 full year effective tax rate to be on the lower end of the 22% to 24% range that we provided in late January.First quarter interest and other expense totaled $15.2 million, down from $17.1 million in Q1 last year. Interest and other expense includes the impact of currency revaluation, primarily related to the conversion of working capital and cash balances to the functional currency in each country where those investments reside.Q1 this year included a $2.9 million expense from currency revaluation, compared to Q1 last year that included a $5.0 million expense. Q1 interest expense declined by $1.1 million, driven primarily by a lower average debt balance in the quarter.Turning to slide 6. Cash flow from operations declined 77.2% versus Q1 last year due to unfavorable changes in working capital and decreased earnings. In Q1 of last year both gross revenues and receivables declined sequentially compared to Q4 of 2018, which drove a $118 million source of cash from lower working capital in Q1 last year. In Q1 of this year, working capital increased sequentially following the reduction in receivables as business slowed in the back half of December of 2019. That drove a $133 million use of cash in Q1 this year.There was also an uptick in our Q1 past due receivables balance, which amounted to less than 20% of the increase in our Q1 accounts receivable balance. We have tightened our credit and collection processes to minimize risk and exposure particularly in higher-risk categories and with higher-risk customers.Q1 capital expenditures totaled $14.7 million. We continue to expect 2020 full year capital expenditures to be in the $60 million to $70 million range with spending primarily dedicated to technology. We continue to prioritize the highest-returning technology initiatives on a risk-adjusted basis and we remain committed to the $1 billion investment in technology from 2019 to 2023.Over the long-term, we continue to be committed to opportunistic share repurchases to enhance shareholder value. However, out of an abundance of caution, we have temporarily suspended our share repurchase activity as we continue to assess the impacts of COVID-19. Our last share repurchase was on March 12. While solid liquidity during uncertain times is of the utmost important, we remain to maintaining our quarterly dividend. In Q1, we returned approximately $152 million to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and dividends which represent a 4% increase versus Q1 last year.Now on to some balance sheet highlights on slide 7. First quarter operating working capital decreased 6.3% versus the prior year driven by an increase in accounts payable. Our debt balance at quarter end was $1.41 billion, up approximately $70 million versus the end of Q1 last year and our weighted average interest rate was 3.9% in the quarter compared to 4.0% for Q1 last year.As previously announced, the acquisition of Prime Distribution Services was completed in Q1 and contributed to our results for the month of March. The $225 million acquisition was financed with a combination of cash and borrowing from our existing credit facilities. Integration plans and synergy assumptions for the Prime acquisition are on track and the business growth in earnings were ahead of expectations in Q1.Historically, we have provided specific and quantitative intra-quarter performance on volume and net revenue trends. Given the uncertain and changing dynamics within the freight industry and broader economy, we believe it is more relevant to provide a description of the recent trends in volume growth.In general, we continue to see COVID-19 impact our results. At the beginning of April, we saw a continuation of the truckload volume growth that we experienced in Q1. However, after the first week we have seen volume declines within our truckload business.Thanks for listening this morning. And now I'll turn the call back over to Bob to provide some additional context on the business.
Bob Biesterfeld: Thank you, Mike. As Bob indicated on his opening, I will not be going through all of the segment slides on today's call but I do want to touch on the state of the truckload market during the quarter, since it is our largest service line and represents about half of our net revenues.On slide 8 the light and dark blue lines represent the percent change in NAST truckload rate per mile billed to our customers and cost per mile paid to our contract carriers excluding fuel costs over the current decade. During the quarter, price per mile billed to our customers declined 8.5%, while cost per mile paid to our contract carriers net of fuel declined 2.5%. The rate of cost decline moderated on a year-over-year basis versus the fourth quarter, resulting in net revenue margin compression.However, first quarter truckload net revenue per mile was very much in line with levels experienced during the balance freight market in 2016. As we've indicated in past earnings calls, we experienced historically high net revenue per load for NAST truckload in the first two quarters of 2019 and this will continue to serve as a headwind through the first half of 2020.At C.H. Robinson, we talk a lot about our E.D.G.E. values. E.D.G.E. is an acronym for evolving constantly, delivering excellence, growing together and embracing integrity. One way that our customers experience these values is through our focus on honoring our customer commitments, even when markets are disrupted.Throughout the first quarter, we continue to meet and exceed our commitments on our contractual pricing agreements with our truckload customers, despite instances where the cost of purchase transportation exceeded our customer pricing. This resulted in an increase in negative truckload files for the quarter.We believe that honoring these commitments during difficult times is just one of the reasons that we have such higher retention rates with our customer base. As I mentioned earlier first quarter NAST truckload volumes increased 7.5% and LTL volumes increased 7.5%, significantly outpacing the 8% to 9% decline in the Cass Freight Index. Our Q1 volume represented the fifth consecutive quarter of market share gains.I'll wrap up our prepared remarks this morning with a few final comments on slide 14. The direction of the freight market and of the broader global economy will be very difficult to predict over the next few quarters. In the logistics industry, supply and demand, volume, pricing and cost will likely vary significantly from month-to-month and across different industry verticals.In looking at our April North American data, volumes continue to grow across food and beverage, retail, paper and packaging, as well as technology, while volumes are declining meaningfully in manufacturing, automotive, chemical and the energy verticals. Combined, these verticals comprise 86% of our company gross revenues in 2019.So while the situation remains fluid, one thing is certain. We're committed to our vital role in the global supply chain, by delivering critical and essential goods and services, especially in this time of crisis. We'll continue to make measured and thoughtful decisions that are in the best interest of our employees, customers, contract carriers and the long-term health of the company, while remaining true to our values and the pillars that guide our business decisions.We will also continue to act in the best long-term interest of our shareholders, by balancing prudent short and long-term cost reduction efforts, with continued investments in technology to maximize our long-term value creation. While this is a challenging environment for all of us, there will be a recovery. And as that recovery starts to happen, we'll be ready at C.H. Robinson and we'll emerge as an even stronger company. We believe this approach will leave us well positioned to drive growth and create value for all of our stakeholders.And finally I'm incredibly proud of the focus, the effort and the dedication of our employees around the world in these truly unprecedented times. My thanks to each and every one of them for what they do to deliver excellence to our customers and our carriers and the support that they provide to their communities that we all live and work in.That concludes our prepared comments. And with that, I'll turn it back to the operator, so we can answer the submitted questions.
Operator: Mr. Houghton, the floor is yours for the Q&A session.
Bob Houghton: Thank you, Donna. First, I'd like to thank the many analysts and investors for taking the time to submit questions after our earnings release yesterday. For today's Q&A session I will frame up the question and then turn it over to Bob or Mike for a response. Our first question is for Bob from Jack Atkins from Stephens. Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer, Todd Fowler with KeyBank, and Ken Hoexter with BofA asked a similar question.Bob, this was the lowest quarterly net operating margin in C.H. Robinson's history as a public company. What steps are you taking to balance cost containment initiatives given the slower macro versus investments in the business to meet your long-term strategic goals?
Bob Biesterfeld: Hey. Good morning. And thanks for the question gentlemen. So there's no question that the macro environment is being impacted by COVID-19. And that impact to our revenue has definitely put pressure on our cost structure. The duration of that impact is unknown but we have taken several steps already to address cost containment in the near term.So to recap a few of the decisions that we've made, we made the very difficult decision to implement furloughs across portions of our workforce. The implementation of these are underway now and will directly impact about 7% of our workforce and none of that work is represented in our first quarter results.Earlier in April, we shared that we'd temporarily suspended the match to our retirement plans for our U.S. and Canadian employees and the executive team had taken temporary reductions in pay starting with a 50% reduction in my compensation and 20% for my direct reports. Additionally, our directors, our Board of Directors have taken reductions in their cash retainers of 50%.Prior to the COVID outbreak, we'd already started to limit non-essential business travel. And that obviously, was expanded through the quarter. And at this point we've limited virtually all domestic and international travel and associated expenses. Furthermore, we've implemented a hiring freeze through the balance of this quarter and given our expected attrition rate this will also drive some cost savings.So these steps along with several others that are smaller in nature should drive savings of around $60 million between personnel and SG&A in the next three quarters. These are short-term savings, but they are incremental to the $100 million cost savings target that we've previously discussed.As we reported in NAST, we had an extremely strong quarter of volume growth in both truckload and LTL. We did this with 7% fewer employees on an organic basis and 5% fewer when you factor in the impact of the additional Prime employees. Simply put, we're doing more with less in the field today and this is due to the output of our technology investments and the work that our teams have been doing to standardize, centralize and automate the core processes within our business. There's no doubt, there's more work to be done here in order to harness the full impact of these investments in the coming quarters but progress is being made.So I want to take a moment to address the second part of that question which is around investment in the long-term strategic goals of the enterprise. First quarter was a tough quarter. There is no way to call it anything other than that. We gave up over $130 million in net revenue margin compression in NAST truckload in the quarter alone. It's a really tough single variable to overcome in a quarter. But we did and we still delivered almost $100 million in income from operations in the quarter alone in NAST.Many of the incremental headcount additions in the past couple of years that we've made are in the areas of engineering, data science and other professional shared services. These are critical roles to our future and are critical teammates at Robinson. But in order to attract, the highest level of this type of talent these teams and these employees come with a compensation cost structure that's less variable than what we're used to in the Robinson branch model, where our account managers, sales and network leaders have highly variable compensation. This showed in our personnel expenses for the quarter and it shows up in our results.So long-term, our strategic focus remains unchanged and it continues to center around taking share, more fully digitizing parts of our business, improving productivity in that relationship between volume and headcount and expanding our operating margins over time, while continuing to provide industry-leading service to our customers. I've said that in the past that over time, I also believe that margins could trend down. So we need to make investments today to engineer cost out of our model for tomorrow.So in the short-term we're faced with a challenge or a question. Are we best-off in stopping or significantly scaling back investments in our future and the long-term success of the enterprise, or should we stay the course with our strategic road map and manage through some of the short-term pain that that will cause?At this point, I feel good about the prudent short-term decisions that we've made around cost reductions, but I still feel great about our future. There could be more short-term cost reductions to come depending on our results, but I really want our teams much more focused on doing the work that it will take to reduce cost and drive growth in the long-term and not sacrificing the future value that we're capable of creating in order to minimize the impact to a couple of quarters.
Bob Houghton: The next question is from several analysts. Mike, net revenue per employee is down 17%, while personnel cost per employee is down only 3%. Historically that relationship has been more in line. Can you talk to why the traditional shock absorber in the business has not kicked in and whether we should expect this to be a temporary dislocation or a more permanent change?
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. Thanks for the question. The increased volatility in the freight market in recent years has made the alignment between personnel expense and net revenue more difficult than it has been historically. The additional $60 million in short-term cost takeout will certainly improve that cost versus net revenue alignment this year.As Bob pointed out historically, our personnel expense was more heavily weighted to variable cost components like bonus, commissions and performance based equity. While that enabled our personnel expenses to more closely align with changes in net revenue, it also meant that in a softer freight cycle, our employees saw significant reductions in overall compensation and we experienced talent retention issues. Over the past several years, we have brought our compensation programs more in line with the overall market from a fixed versus variable standpoint.To provide some additional clarity on how our long-term commitment to technology investment plays a role, our increase in IT headcount has grown more than 30% in the past two years. These folks play a critical role in unlocking value for our customers, carriers and cost structure but their compensation is more fixed than our customer and carrier-facing employees.
Bob Houghton: Our next question for Bob is from Jack Atkins from Stephens, Matt Young with Morningstar, and Chris Wetherbee with Citi asked a similar question. Can you provide any color on trends you are seeing thus far in April? Are you seeing some relief in your purchase transportation costs given the changes in the spot market? And has your strong truckload volume growth and outperformance relative to the broader market continued into April?
Bob Biesterfeld: Related to truckload growth, first off, I'm obviously proud of the growth that the team delivered in first quarter. I think, it's important to point out that volume grew in each of the three months of the quarter and in a fully remote environment we honored our commitments and delivered when our customers needed us the most.Industry-wide pricing if you compare it to Cass or DAT was down about 7% or 8% and our pricing was down in a similar range. So we're pricing rationally with the market. We did see through the quarter significant, albeit short-term spikes in the cost of purchase transportation both as we started the year as we're coming out from the disruption of the December holidays, and then again in March as retail restocking was extremely robust.During those times this led to our negative files exceeding 10% of our shipments during those periods. And that had part of the contribution of the wide spread between the change in rate and cost for the quarter.In terms of April, I realized our decision to suspend providing month-to-date April truckload volume and total company net revenues is not appearing to be a popular one amongst the analysts and investors on the call. But we made this decision, not with the intent to limit visibility that you all have, but to try and provide information that's more relevant to the state of the business. Given the large variations and market dynamics that have occurred between the beginning of April and the end of April, simply providing an average of the two halves given all the other uncertainties in the marketplace just didn't seem prudent or reliable. I made a couple of comments in the prepared remarks but I think it's important to reinforce what we saw in the quarter and how that carries forward into April.As the COVID-19 pandemic took hold in the U.S., cities across the country entered into strict shelter-in-place orders. We saw this drive market disruption and we saw commerce outside of critical industries virtually draw to a halt. This seemed to hit small businesses first and the hardest and had an outsized impact to LTL compared to truckload.Obviously as entire industry shutdowns such as automotive this had a negative impact on volumes. For us the hardest hit verticals have been automotive and manufacturing and these account for about 25% of our revenues. The flip side of this is that consumer staples in food and beverage, retail paper, and technology all continue to perform really well and show volume growth. These industries make up about 40% of our revenues.So looking at the market today, it loops by all accounts. Routing guides are performing almost perfectly. Demand is down across some industries. And there's actually a fair amount of truckload capacity that would normally be dedicated to these shuttered industries that's now available in the general for-hire space.The duration of the confluence of these factors is unknown. We know that we continue to have 65% or more of our current truckload portfolio exposed to longer term customer rate agreements. So we're not trying to be elusive in scaling back the intra-quarter information. We just believe that the unknowns around when cities or states plan to reopen, when industries come back online, what the consumer response will be once stores and manufacturers do open up, can't really be answered in our April month-to-date results. And any attempt of us using that to guide to the quarter would really be unrealistic.
Bob Houghton: The next question for Mike comes from several analysts. Please provide an update on your previously announced $100 million of cost reductions. Were any of the cost reductions realized in first quarter 2020 earnings? If so, how much? And how much do you anticipate to realize in 2020? How should we think about the cost reductions relative to the increased SG&A to reduce costs longer term?
Mike Zechmeister: We continue to expect one-third of that $100 million cost savings benefit to be realized in 2020 having the least impact on Q1 and increasing as we move through the year. Most of that benefit will come to NAST and be realized through projects designed to enhance efficiency. We also referenced an increase in SG&A for technology and purchase services to help accelerate growth and cost savings initiatives. These expenses should not be considered ongoing. Once those projects are completed the associated expenses will go and of course the savings are ongoing.And as Bob mentioned earlier, we expect the near-term cost takeout initiatives to yield approximately $60 million of personnel and SG&A costs over the next three quarters. For clarity, these are short-term steps and incremental to the $100 million long-term cost reduction initiatives that we announced in late January.
Bob Houghton: The next question for Bob is from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna.
Bascome Majors: There are a number of substantial cyclical challenges facing Robinson today. But as investors try to set realistic expectations for what your business looks like on the other side of this, are there one or two more structural changes from your historic model, either financial or strategic that we should be prepared for?
Bob Biesterfeld: Thanks, Bascome. So we've been going through a tremendous amount of change in the past couple of years much of which we've talked about on these calls and other forums. Some of that's been pretty apparent and clear and other parts has been more subtle, if you're looking from the outside in. We're in this process of making large-scale changes to our global network in terms of how it's structured, how our teams collaborate and work together, the speed and the manner in which decisions are made and how we capitalize on the strength of our people in order to deliver services to our customers and carriers and how we leverage the scale of our model even more effectively through process automation and digitalization.Our future model will be much more connected, much more deeply integrated with our customers. It will be more platform enabled and digital in nature. Our model will be fueled by a lower cost-to-serve, but we will continue to be driven by a network of global supply chain experts. We're a fair ways down this path already and there's a number of initiatives that come together to deliver value in this future state. Some of these initiatives have crossed the finish line already and are already creating value. Some will deliver in the next couple of quarters and some are longer term in nature.As our continued -- as our industry continues to evolve, we plan to continue to lead that evolution, as we have throughout the history of our organization. Our strategy is the right one. We're pursuing it aggressively and we're moving faster than any time we have our past in order to reach those targets.
Bob Houghton: The next question for Bob is from several analysts. How would you describe the current competitive environment in brokerage? Have the digital freight brokers begun focusing more on increasing gross margins?
Bob Biesterfeld: So the truckload market is always competitive. And given our mix of 65% contractual, 35% spot for the quarter and how we ebb and flow there, I still tend to think that we compete as much with large asset-based trucking companies within many of our customers as much as we compete with other brokers. The market has loosened further in April as I said as the economy has slowed and routing guides are literally performing almost perfectly. In many lanes and in many regions supply seems to be exceeding demand. In terms of the digital brokers, I really don't have a perspective on their go-to-market. We're continuing to stay focused on the things and the variables that we can control and ensuring that the service that we stand up for our customers is holding strong and that we're continuing to earn their business through cycles.
Bob Houghton: The next question is from Ravi Shanker from Morgan Stanley. Todd Fowler with KeyBank asked a similar question.
Ravi Shanker: Mike, can you clarify your plans for long-term leverage, and how you are thinking about liquidity at this point? Can you lay out your priorities for capital allocation?
Mike Zechmeister: Thanks, Ravi. Our balance sheet remains healthy. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we have ample liquidity at over $1.2 billion. In Q1, we borrowed from our $1 billion credit facility and ensured it was working properly. We have plenty of clearance on our debt covenants. Our leverage continues to be low finishing at 1.8 times at the end of Q1, which included the impact of the Prime acquisition in early March.From a refinancing and ongoing liquidity standpoint, our credit facility matures in October of 2023, our $600 million unsecured note matures in eight years and the majority of our $500 million private placement matures in more than eight years. As I mentioned earlier, out of an abundance of caution, we have temporarily suspended our share repurchases. That said, we remain committed to opportunistic share repurchases to enhance shareholder value over the long term. We will also maintain our quarterly dividend and manage to an investment-grade credit rating on our corporate debt.
Bob Houghton: The next question is for Bob from Jack Atkins.
Jack Atkins: Can you talk about what you are seeing in the forwarding market in April? Have you been able to benefit from the surge in airfreight activity that we have seen over the past six to eight weeks?
Bob Biesterfeld: We've had several quarters in a row here of really strong sales activity in our forwarding business and we've added many new customers across air ocean and customs. During the first quarter and into April, we have been able to help our customers secure air charters and capacity on air charters to meet their unique demands as manufacturing in China continues to come back online. Our April ocean volumes are being driven largely by a mix of backlogs in the ocean shipping industry as well as existing -- with existing customers as well as a nice mix of new customer additions.
Bob Houghton: The next question comes from Allison Landry with Credit Suisse. Jack Atkins with Stephens asked a similar question.
Allison Landry: Mike, are shippers looking to extend payment terms? And could you speak to any customer liquidity concerns?
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. We have seen an increase in the frequency of requests for terms extensions over the past several weeks. In total, these requests represent less than 1% of customers in the U.S. and Canada. As a general practice, we don't accept requests for extensions and payment terms. In certain circumstances, we may entertain extensions when they are accompanied by a firm exchange of greater value.We continue to monitor our receivables by customer and by category across a variety of key metrics. We are utilizing internal and external credit and risk data to enhance our credit and collections results. And we have recently tightened credit limits across a wide range of customers with a focus on higher-risk categories and we've put additional safeguards in place.As an example early on, when customers began converting to remote workforces, we proactively moved targeted customers to electronic invoicing and converted customers to electronic payments to help facilitate collections. From a liquidity concern standpoint, as you would expect we're having conversations with a variety of higher-risk customers to better understand their liquidity outlook and moving terms requirements and credit limits accordingly.
Bob Houghton: The next question for Bob is from Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan.
Brian Ossenbeck: What are you seeing on the capacity front? Have you started to see small carriers exit or park capacity yet, or is it too early to tell?
Bob Biesterfeld: I do think it's too early to tell. I think we put in our slides that we added about 4,000 new carriers to our contract carrier program in the first quarter. And these were virtually all small trucking companies. I don't anticipate that these are all new adds to the industry, but they're new to Robinson. Typically, when we see balanced markets and freight slow down, we see a bit of a retreat to quality. And we see carriers come towards Robinson because we do have more truckload freight than anybody else in the industry.In terms of them exiting, we're working really hard to keep these small carriers in business, right and keep them moving goods across North America, helping them to eliminate waste in their networks, getting the miles and helping them to improve their yields. These small carriers are a critical part of our economy and they're critical to our success.As an example, one of the steps that we took in the quarter to help small carriers was to extend some of the benefits of our Carrier Advantage Program to all carriers that work with Robinson, which allows them to capitalize on some of our affinity programs, specifically our fuel program that allows them to save up to $0.30 a gallon on diesel and we extended that to them through the end of May.
Bob Houghton: The next question is for Bob from Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs.
Jordan Alliger: How does the bid season look from a contract perspective? Is it on hold or is it proceeding? And how do contract prices look relative to a year ago?
Bob Biesterfeld: This one's a little bit of a moving target and it obviously varies from customer to customer. I think, it's fair to say that bid activity did slow over the past month or so as companies have been dealing with their own challenges with COVID-19, but we do expect activity to pick up as businesses come back online more fully. I expect a little bit of a forward look. I expect that many of our customers and we've heard from many of our customers that they intend to stick with their annual bid cycles.I think as the economic picture becomes clear though there will likely be some occurrences of renegotiations mini bids pulling bids forward out of the cycle. I think a lot of that will be dependent on how far the market moves and for how long. Given some of those uncertainties, I want to be a little bit careful not to guide where we see pricing moving.
Bob Houghton: The next question for Mike is from Dave Vernon with Bernstein.
Dave Vernon: Net headcount is down 5% while volume is up 7.5%. Is this the early signs of technology paying off, or is it that productivity is going up as a result of shallower routing guide depth?
Mike Zechmeister: Thanks for the question. The short answer is yes. The improved productivity is an indication of the success we're seeing with technology investments. As we've talked about, one of our key non-financial productivity metrics is volume per head count. Historically, volume and headcount have been correlated. We're now a year into our increased tech investments and you're seeing a shift change that we've been expecting and will continue.As for your question on routing guide depth, average routing guide depth has been 1.2 for the last five quarters. So that would not be contributing to the favorable year-over-year volume to headcount comparisons in NAST.
Bob Houghton: The next question for Bob is from Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: How are you balancing volume and price in the current environment?
Bob Biesterfeld: Thanks, Scott. As you saw in the first quarter, our pricing to our customers largely moved in line with the movements in the market. And I've said it before, market share is really key to our future growth and we're focused on growing our market share across all of our services and this market is really no exception.
Bob Houghton: The next question is from Chris Wetherbee from Citi.
Chris Wetherbee: Bob, volume growth returned to truckload in Q1. Should we read this as a more sustainable move towards capturing market share in a weaker environment?
Bob Biesterfeld: It's a similar question to the one that Mike just addressed. I look at this and the results in Q1 as us executing the plan that we've laid out around taking share and becoming more efficient in terms of that relationship between volume and people. Truckload volume is up 7.5% in an environment where volumes are down in the industry I think speaks positively for the output in Q1.When you look at our volumes, we make up, I don't know somewhere in the area of 15% of the brokerage market, which continues to expand. And we're somewhere in the area of 3% of the total for hire marketplace. So there's a ton of room for us to continue to grow share through cycles. And as we demonstrated in the quarter, we were able to do that with around 450 fewer people in NAST than we had at the same time last year.
Bob Houghton: The next question for Bob is from Allison Landry from Credit Suisse.
Allison Landry: Can you talk about headcount plans? Is there the ability or willingness to lower headcount sequentially?
Bob Biesterfeld: Allison, headcount has come down in each of the past three quarters in NAST as we've implemented structural changes and launched new technologies. Annualized, this amounts to about a $40 million positive impact to personnel expense on a go-forward basis. Because of the current market dynamics, as I said, we've made that difficult decision to begin implementing furloughs that are going to impact about 7% of our global headcount.We made the decision to use the approach of furloughs though and in some case our reductions, because we felt it was the right thing to do to align our workforce to the demands in different parts of our business. To be really clear though, these furloughed employees are still employees of C.H. Robinson. We're going to continue to support them through this time of their unplanned leave of absence, covering their medical insurance and other benefits and we will work to bring them back as soon as the demands of the business dictate.In terms of the overall macro, we're going to continue to monitor the health of the business and the demands across different divisions and shared services. And we'll continue to evaluate staffing levels as we always have as we move forward.
Bob Houghton: The next question is from Chris Wetherbee with Citi for Mike.
Chris Wetherbee: Are there interesting M&A opportunities for Robinson in 2020? Do you think you are in a strong enough financial position to consider M&A?
Mike Zechmeister: Our balance sheet and liquidity are solid and that gives us capability. However, given the uncertainties in the marketplace, we are taking a more conservative approach. We'll continue to evaluate acquisition opportunities that can generate strong risk-adjusted returns. As you know we prefer opportunities with a compelling strategic and cultural fit and a proven non-asset-based business model.We are also excited about the prospects of the transformation office initiatives in NAST and we would hesitate before making an acquisition that would distract us from those critical initiatives. That said, we'll continue to maintain a pipeline of opportunities and remain disciplined about value creation and capital deployment.
Bob Houghton: Our final question for Bob is from Allison Landry with Credit Suisse.
Allison Landry: Given the deceleration in spot rates and loosening truckload capacity, do you expect sequential improvement in NAST net revenue margins in Q2?
Bob Biesterfeld: In the short-term given the mix of our business between contract and spot on the customer side coupled with the dynamics we're seeing on the supply and the cost side, I would expect improvement in our net revenue margins. And to see them return to more normal levels from where they were in a depressed state that we saw in first quarter.The duration of that improvement is a bit unknown given all the market factors in play including any depth or length of any potential recession, the speed in which the economy restarts and then demand accelerates across different industry sectors as well as the underlying health of the capacity network and the pace of repricing activity that may occur on the customer side. So a lot of convergence of different factors there. But in the short-term, yes, we would expect our net revenue margins to return to more normal levels.
Bob Houghton: That concludes the Q&A portion of today's earnings call. A replay of today's call will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website at chrobinson.com at approximately 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time today. If you have additional questions, I can be reached by phone or email. Thank you again for participating in our first quarter 2020 conference call. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines or log off the webcast at this time and have a wonderful day

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Fourth Quarter 2019 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today's presentation, Bob Houghton will facilitate a review of previously submitted questions. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, January 29, 2020.I would now like to turn the conference over to Bob Houghton, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Robert Houghton: Thank you, Donna, and good morning, everyone. On our call today will be Bob Biesterfeld, our Chief Executive Officer; and Mike Zechmeister, our Chief Financial Officer.Bob and Mike will provide commentary on our 2019 fourth quarter results. Presentation slides that accompany their remarks can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at chrobinson.com. We will follow their comments with responses to the pre-submitted questions we received after our earnings release yesterday.I'd like to remind you that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. Slide 2 in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management's expectations.And with that, I will turn the call over to Bob.
Robert Biesterfeld: Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. I'll get right to the point this morning. Our net revenues, our operating margins, and our earnings per share all finished well below our long-term targets. We've been facing some rather extreme, if not unprecedented, cyclical changes in our North American trucking market.One year ago, we were experiencing near record net revenue dollars per shipment and double-digit total company net revenue growth. This was followed by a period of rapid price declines, driven by excess capacity and weak demand. The resulting net revenue reported for fourth quarter of 2019 stands another stark contrast to the results of a year-ago.Higher operating expenses for the quarter, including increased investments in Information Technology, magnified this effect. Mike will provide more context on our operating expenses in the prepared remarks.To be clear, our fourth quarter results do not reflect our performance expectations going forward. We are committed to our investments in technology, even during more challenging periods in the freight cycle. Our investments this quarter led to operating margins below the low-end of our historical fourth quarter averages.We are not immune to large swings in the freight market, but we believe our continued advancements through cycles will align the net revenue growth and the operating cost needed to drive operating margin expansion over the long-term. We will continue our focus on cost controls with our target of eliminating $100 million in operating costs over the next three years.So as we move through mid-2020, we expect that our operating margins will begin to improve. Despite results below our long-term expectations, I do believe that we took some really important steps in the fourth quarter. We continue to adjust our pricing in order to optimize our results. Our fourth quarter decline in truckload net revenue per shipment was largely as anticipated as the fourth quarter of 2018 benefited from contractual pricing in a rapidly falling cost environment, resulting in the highest quarterly truckload net revenue per shipment in the last decade.On an absolute basis, our fourth quarter truckload net revenue per shipment was very much in line with levels experienced during the balanced freight markets in both 2016 and 2017. Pricing adjustments to reflect the current market helped enable us to deliver flat volume in NAST truckload, including a mid-single-digit increase in contractual volume and 4.5% volume growth in LTL. These are healthy market share gains in a quarter where volumes, as measured by the Cass Freight Index declined approximately 6%.Our truckload volume trends improved further in January, increasing approximately 6%. We are starting to see our increased investments in technology drive operating efficiency in our business, including a 330 basis point favorable spread between truckload volume growth and headcount growth in our NAST business.We continue to deliver industry-leading operating margins in the quarter and returned $137 million to our shareholders through a combination of share buybacks and dividends. We generated $212 million in operating cash flow in the fourth quarter. And for the full-year, we generated operating cash flow of $835 million, an all-time high.During the quarter, our teams continued to excel in areas that we can control, including another quarter of increased win rates on contractual bids in our truckload and LTL service lines and increased awards with our largest customers, while we continue to provide the excellent customer service and innovation that our customers have come to expect from C.H. Robinson.I am particularly proud of the results we delivered to our customers and carriers and the efforts of our employees to continue to provide supply chain expertise that brings capacity solutions to life for our customers and secure freight and optimize routing for our carriers.Yesterday, we announced the acquisition of Prime Distribution Services, a leading provider of retail consolidation services in North America. We are excited about the scale and the value-added warehouse capabilities that Prime will bring to our existing retail consolidation platform. Prime has a strong leadership team that is experienced in retail consolidation and warehouse operations and we are thrilled to bring the employees, the customers, and the carriers of Prime to C.H. Robinson.With those introductory remarks, I'll now turn the call over to Mike to review our financial performance.
Michael Zechmeister: Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. Slide 4, shows our Q4 income statement summary. Fourth quarter total gross revenues decreased 8.3% driven primarily by lower pricing across most transportation services due to the continued soft demand in excess capacity that Bob referenced earlier.Total company net revenues decreased 18.9% in the quarter led by margin compression in our truckload service line. Q4 monthly net revenues per business day were down 16% in October, down 13% in November, and down 27% in December when compared to the same period last year. The net revenue deterioration in December was driven by performance in the final two weeks of the month where the major holidays fell in the middle of both weeks, leading to a more pronounced decline in commercial activity.Total Q4 operating income was down 46.5% over last year. Operating margin declined to 1,220 basis points compared to Q4 last year when margins were the highest we had seen in eight quarters. The decline was driven by the drop in net revenue dollars and increased SG&A expenses.The largest contributors to the SG&A expense increase were increased technology spend and purchased services related to accelerating our growth and cost savings initiatives. Within the SG&A expense in Q4, there were approximately $10 million that we would not expect to be ongoing expense. Diluted earnings per share was $0.73 in Q4, down 45.5% from Q4 last year.Slide 5 covers other highlights impacting net income. The fourth quarter effective tax rate was 21.4%, an improvement of approximately 250 basis points from the 23.9% rate in Q4 last year. The lower effective tax rate included a benefit of $3.2 million from one-time items, driven primarily by a return to provision true-up in Mexico.In Q4, we removed our assertion to indefinitely reinvest the earnings of foreign subsidiaries, which is consistent with our change in intent and strategy to repatriate cash in an economically efficient manner. The resulting increase in income tax expense was almost entirely offset by foreign tax credits.Looking ahead, we expect our 2020 full-year effective tax rate to be in the range of 22% to 24%. Fourth quarter interest and other expense totaled $10.8 million, up from $9.5 million in Q4 last year. Interest and other expense includes the impact of currency revaluation primarily related to the conversion of working capital and cash balances to the functional currency in each country where those investments reside.Q4 this year included a $0.9 million unfavorable impact from currency revaluation compared to Q4 last year that included a $2.4 million gain from currency revaluation. Q4 interest expense declined by $1.6 million, driven primarily by overall debt reduction. Average diluted shares outstanding were down 1.8% primarily due to $67.4 million in share repurchases in Q4.Turning to Slide 6. Cash flow from operations declined to 19.9% versus Q4 last year due primarily to decreased earnings and partially offset by improved working capital. Q4 capital expenditures totaled $19.5 million, which brings full-year capital expenditures to $70.5 million.We expect 2020 full-year capital expenditures to be between $60 million and $70 million with spending primarily dedicated to technology. Consistent with our previous announcement, we are planning to invest at least $200 million in total technology spending in 2020.In Q4, we returned approximately $137 million to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and dividends, which represents an 18.5% decrease versus Q4 last year. We have nearly 10 million shares remaining on our current share repurchase authorization and intend to opportunistically repurchase shares to enhance shareholder value.Now on to some balance sheet highlights on Slide 7. Fourth quarter working capital decreased 17.2% versus the prior year, driven by the decline in net revenues. Our debt balance at quarter end was $1.24 billion, down approximately $111 million versus the end of Q4 last year and our weighted-average interest rate was 4.1% in the quarter compared to 4.0% in Q4 last year.As Bob mentioned, we're excited about the Prime Distribution Services acquisition and the expanded capabilities that Prime brings to Robinson. We anticipate the acquisition to close by the end of Q1 and plan to finance the acquisition with cash and existing committed financing. While we expect this acquisition to be slightly accretive to EPS in 2020, we would not expect it to have a direct or meaningful impact on the level of share repurchases.I will wrap up my comments this morning with a look at our volume and net revenue trends in January. While our January truckload volume trends have improved over Q4 levels, the combination of soft demand and excess capacity is keeping pricing well below year-ago levels. January total company net revenues per business day are down approximately 18%.However, NAST truckload volume is up approximately 6% versus January last year, which would make this our highest NAST truckload volume for a January on record. For reference, in 2019, total company net revenues per business day increased 9% in both January and February and increased 13% in March.Thanks for listening this morning. Now I'll turn the call back over to Bob to provide some additional context on the business and our segment performance.
Robert Biesterfeld: Thank you, Mike. I'll begin my remarks on our operating segment performance by highlighting the current state of the North America truckload market. On Slide 9, the light and dark blue lines represent the percentage change in NAST truckload rate per mile billed to our customers and cost per mile paid to our contract carriers, excluding fuel costs over the current decade.During the quarter, both spot market and contractual pricing declined versus year-ago levels. Price per mile billed to our customers declined 11% while cost per mile paid to our contract carriers net of fuel declined 7.5%.The rate of cost declined moderated on a year-over-year basis versus the third quarter, resulting in net revenue margin compression in the fourth quarter. We do accept that managing cyclicality, price variations, and margin compression in the marketplace is a big part of the 3PL value proposition, particularly with our committed relationships.Since 2010, the average price and cost net of fuel have each increased approximately 3% annually. So with all the ups and downs, truckload pricing has been more inflationary than the broader U.S. economy.Our fourth quarter results reflect a shift to contractual volume that is typical for us in a declining price and cost environment, resulting in an approximate mix of 70% contractual and 30% transactional volume in the quarter versus a 65%/35% mix in a year-ago period.As we stated before, one of the metrics we use to measure market conditions is the truckload routing guide depth of tender from our Managed Services business, which represents just over $4 billion in freight under management. Average routing guide depth of tender was 1.2 for the fourth consecutive quarter, representing that on average, the first carrier in a shipper's routing guide was executing the shipment in most cases.This route guide depth remains near the lowest levels we've experienced this decade and contractual routing guides continue to operate with first tender acceptance rates in the high 90% range. Our pricing continues to reflect current market conditions as we work to ensure we're near the top of the route guide headed into 2020.Turning to Slide 10 in our North American Surface Transportation Business. Fourth quarter NAST net revenues decreased 23.2% driven primarily by the decline in truckload. Our fourth quarter combined to truckload and LTL volumes outpaced year-over-year changes in the Cass Freight Index for the fourth consecutive quarter. Truckload net revenues decreased 29.6% in the quarter driven by margin compression.As I mentioned earlier, our pricing to customers resulted in lower margins when compared to last year’s fourth quarter. These were not, however the lowest truckload margins we've seen, but the 29% decline in truckload net revenue per shipment in the quarter is the highest year-over-year decline we've seen in the past decade.We anticipate facing net revenue per load headwinds throughout the first half of 2020 given the historically high comparables in 2019. Fourth quarter NAST truckload volume was approximately flat versus last year. Our fourth quarter truckload contractual volume increased at mid-single-digit pace.Through evaluating our performance on annual truckload bids where pricing was completed in the fourth quarter, our win rates nearly doubled when compared to the fourth quarter of 2018. This solid performance and contractual volumes was offset by a double-digit decline in spot market volumes reflecting the continued softness and the transactional portion of the freight market.During the quarter, we added roughly 3,800 new truckload carriers to our network, which represents a 21% decrease over last year's fourth quarter and a 14% declined sequentially compared to the third quarter of this year. We see this as a clear sign that carriers continue to exit the marketplace.LTL net revenues decreased 3.4% driven by margin compression. LTL volumes increased 4.5% in the fourth quarter led by growth in new customers. In our intermodal service line, net revenues decreased 3.1% for the quarter.Slide 11 outlines our NAST operating income performance. Fourth quarter operating income decreased 43.3% while operating margin of 33.4% decreased 1,180 basis points, driven by the net revenue decline, partially offset by reduced variable compensation expense in the quarter. NAST average headcount decreased 3.3% for the quarter and NAST ending headcount is down 5% year-over-year for the full-year.Slide 12 highlights our Global Forwarding performance. Fourth quarter Global Forwarding net revenues were down 9.6%. Our acquisition of The Space Cargo Group contributed 3 percentage points of net revenue growth in the fourth quarter.In our ocean service line, net revenues were down 10.6% in the quarter driven by lower pricing. Space Cargo contributed 2 percentage points of net revenue growth. Ocean volumes were down 1.5% in the quarter and fourth quarter air net revenues decreased 12.8% driven by a 7.5% decline in shipments and lower pricing. Space Cargo contributed 6 percentage points of net revenue growth.Fourth quarter results in both ocean and air were negatively impacted by reduced industry demand due to tariff uncertainty in our highest volume trade lanes from China to the U.S. 2019 Q4 growth rates were also negatively impacted by comparisons to the year-ago period that included shipments to build inventory ahead of tariffs enacted in the first quarter of 2019.Customs net revenue decreased 3.5% in the fourth quarter, driven primarily by lower pricing and a 1% decrease in customs transactions. Space Cargo contributed 1 percentage point to the net revenue growth in the quarter.Slide 13 outlines our Global Forwarding operating income performance. Fourth quarter operating income decreased 49.5%. Operating margin of 11.7% decreased 920 basis points versus last year driven primarily by lower net revenues and higher SG&A expenses, which was partially offset by lower variable compensation. Average headcount increased 3.4% for the quarter.Excluding the headcount impact of Space Cargo, our Global Forwarding headcount was flat for the quarter. Over time, we expect to deliver operating margin expansion through a combination of volume growth that exceeds our headcount growth and investments in technology to drive efficiency.Moving to our All Other and Corporate segment on Slide 14. As a reminder, All Other includes Robinson Fresh, Managed Services, and Surface Transportation outside of North America, as well as other miscellaneous revenues and unallocated corporate expenses.Fourth quarter Robinson Fresh net revenues were down 15.2% versus last year, primarily due to changes in business mix and lower restaurant traffic at several key food service customers. Case volumes declined 6% in the quarter. Robinson Fresh did generated 630 basis points of operating margin expansion in the quarter, driven by a decline in personnel and service center related expenses.Fourth quarter Managed Services net revenues increased 5.2% driven by a combination of new customer wins and selling additional services to existing customers. Managed Services operating margin expanded 110 basis points on the quarter.Other Surface Transportation net revenues declined 0.6% in the quarter, driven by truckload margin compression in Europe, partially offset by an 11% increase in European truckload volume. The acquisition of Dema Service added about 9 percentage points of net revenue growth for the quarter.On Slide 15, I'm going to wrap up our prepared remarks with a few comments on our go-forward expectations. With the cost of purchase transportation and truckloads still below year-ago levels and continued softness in spot market freight opportunities, North American routing guides are resetting at lower prices versus last year, and this is a trend that we expect to continue.On a sequential basis, fourth quarter truckload pricing and costs were relatively unchanged and we expect pricing to remain relatively flat sequentially over the next couple of quarters. In our truckload business, we continue to expect net revenue dollars per shipment to remain below year-ago levels through the first half of 2020. And in Global Forwarding, concerns regarding tariffs and fears of recession continue to impact shipper demand.As I said in my opening remarks, our fourth quarter results are below our long-term targets. With that said, I am confident that we are taking steps to ensure that we continue to meet the needs of our customers, our carriers, and our employees, while we generate strong returns for our shareholders over the long-term horizon. We've reset our pricing to be more competitive with current marketplace conditions, which is driving market share gains in our truckload and LTL service lines.We're leveraging our increased investments in technology to drive increased employee productivity, and in order to bring innovation to our customers into our carriers. The level of automated truckload carrier bookings doubled and automated customer orders increased by 5 percentage points versus the first quarter of 2019. We are rapidly increasing the occurrence of fully automated bookings in our largest service line.With a continued focus on lowering our cost to serve and our cost to sell, we do expect to deliver $100 million in operating expense reduction across the enterprise over the next three years. These initiatives will leverage our technology investments to further optimize our network and business operations while at the same time continuing to expand the benefits and the services that we provide to our customers and our carriers.And with nearly 10 million shares still outstanding on our share repurchase authorization, we will continue to opportunistically repurchase shares to create value for our shareholders.Regardless of the freight environment, we believe that executing over 18 million shipments a year and having visibility to roughly $100 billion in annual freight spend, give C.H. Robinson an information advantage that creates better outcomes for the nearly 200,000 companies that conduct business on our global platform and provides more rewarding career opportunities for our employees.We remain firmly committed to leveraging our technology that's built by and for supply chain experts to deliver smarter solutions for our customers and our carriers. We are also firmly committed to the focus areas for our investors, including generating market share gains across all of our services, leveraging our technology investments to reduce our cost to sell and cost to serve while continuing to deliver industry-leading levels of service, and delivering operating margin expansion over time. Finally, I continued to be very proud of our team, and I want to thank them for their efforts that ensure the continued success of our Company.That concludes our prepared comments. And with that, I'll turn it back to the operator, so we can answer the submitted questions.
Operator: Mr. Houghton, the floor is yours for the Q&A session.
Robert Houghton: Thank you, Donna. First, I would like to thank the many analysts and investors for taking the time to submit questions after our earnings release yesterday.For today's Q&A session, I will frame up the question and then turn it over to Bob or Mike for a response.Our first question for Bob comes from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays. Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley asked a similar question. While potentially coincidental, the timing of C.H. Robinson's recent material revenue declines have occurred as technology-focused brokerage platforms from both industry participants and new entrants have increased investments and doubled down on share gaining strategy. Should long-term C.H. Robinson shareholders be concerned by the apparently rapid changing competitive landscape in truck brokerage markets?
Robert Biesterfeld: Thanks, Bob. So what we experienced in fourth quarter was really unprecedented in terms of year-over-year declines in truckload net revenue per load, which really isn't that surprising given the changes that we've seen in the overall market pricing dynamics that occurred in the past couple of years.As we look back, starting in the fourth quarter of 2017 through the fourth quarter of 2018, we saw price increases in the market at really unprecedented levels. And then we saw this pivot in the market and then prices dropped faster than we've ever seen in the past decade. And really all this volatility in the market pricing dynamics has driven a lot of volatility and profit per load, which we’re clearly in the middle of right now.Our fourth quarter net revenue per load was at the highest that we've seen in over a decade. And that comparison alone makes this quarter’s results look really stark in comparison. So with that as a backdrop, I do want to come back to the direct question on the impact of competition and profitability.So in order to really peel this back, I think it makes sense to boil things down to what is really the lowest absolute common denominator. And in the case of our truckload business, it's easy to look at this in terms of the net revenue that we earn on a per mile basis, and then look at that compared to points in the past where the market conditions maybe fairly similar.So as an example, in the 16 quarters from the beginning of 2010 through 2013 the market was largely considered balanced. The routing guide metrics that we always report on showed an average about 1.4 on depth of tender. I'd also call attention to 2016 and 2017. Again, relatively balanced markets with the exception of the uptick at the end of Q4 of 2017 when the market started to heat up a little bit.Routing guides at that time ranged between 1.3 to 1.6, again, relatively balanced markets. If you look at the average net revenue per mile that C.H. Robinson earned during those 24 quarters of similar market conditions, it is nearly the same net revenue per mile that we earned in the fourth quarter of 2019.So we know that the competitive landscape was very different in 2010, in 2013 and in 2016 than it is today in terms of both the companies that are involved and the increased focus on technology. And it's clear that supply chains have continued to shift and evolve, but really when you boil it all down to that number of how many cents does C.H. Robinson earned for the value that we create in similar markets, it lands on virtually the same number.
Robert Houghton: The next question is from Jeff Kauffman with Loop Capital. Dave Vernon from Bernstein and Tom Wadewitz with UBS asked a similar question. Mike, the crux of the fourth quarter miss was related to unusually large SG&A spend. Can you please break out how much of the spend increase was related to technology investment? How much to other items, unusual or not? And what this level of SG&A spend should be in 2020?
Michael Zechmeister: Yes, sure. As you know, core to our strategy is our commitment to technology investments of $1 billion over the next five years. Of the $24 million increase in SG&A versus Q4 last year, approximately one-third of that increase was related to external technology investments and we expect to continue to spend that in the near-term.There were also purchased services related to accelerating our growth and cost savings initiatives over the next three years that will help us bring speed and quality to the implementation of those initiatives. And as I mentioned, we also had approximately $10 million of SG&A expense in the quarter that we would not expect to be ongoing expense.
Robert Houghton: The next question for Bob comes from Ben Hartford with Robert W. Baird. Bruce Chan from Stifel asked a similar question. Noting the language of management's expectations for margin improvement over time, do you view the announced $100 million cost reduction initiative as incremental to your efforts to deliver NAST operating leverage? Or more as an offset to the magnitude of the pressure facing the truckload brokerage industry at the moment? Also, is that a net number relative to the 2019 run rate?
Robert Biesterfeld: So as Mike said, most of this $100 million target is an output of the work that has been ongoing within NAST. But each of the business units across the enterprise and the shared services have goals and targets around achieving this $100 million in cost reduction as part of our transformation.For NAST, this isn't as much of a new initiative as it is really cementing some of the early stage targets around that transformation of the business through both the digitalization of internal processes and driving greater efficiency to our workforce and how we interact with our trading partners.And you saw some examples of this come to life a bit in fourth quarter, but we do anticipate that the impact will continue to grow throughout 2020 and we do intend to achieve portions of this $100 million in savings this year. For the enterprise, we don't intend to amend or adjust our long-term growth targets that have been previously shared based upon the announcement of this initiative.
Robert Houghton: The next question is for Bob and it’s from Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan. As it become more challenging to grow market share in a down freight market compared to prior cycles, and what has structurally changed? Will the level of margin compression in January persist in the first half of 2020?
Robert Biesterfeld: So as you know, our truckload volume was down about 1.5% on a year-over-year basis for the full-year of 2019, and we didn't finish the fourth quarter at a flat growth rate. While we were expecting to grow volume over the course of the past year, we did find it challenging to do so. We feel good about the fact that we outperformed the broader Cass Freight Volume Index in each of those quarters however.Structurally, I think that the biggest change in 2019 was really due to the rapid changes in the markets that preceded 2019. And if I put myself in the seat of our shipper customers, they went from managing failing routing guides that increased costs throughout the end of 2017 through most of 2018, where routing guide depth of tender was averaging two or more.And then they encountered a rapidly declining cost environment where routing guides were operating almost flawlessly with high 90% acceptance rates at lower costs than they’d experienced the year before. So there really wasn't a lot of motivations for shippers to diverge from their plans in 2019 and given that the spot market was really minimal, it was difficult to take share throughout the course of the year if you missed on the initial contractual bids.Now that we're deeper into the 2020 annual bid season, we feel really good about the award levels that we're receiving from our contractual customers. And I think that our initial volume growth in January is a good start to the year and it's a testament to our ability to effectively grow volume and take share.In terms of the margin compression, we know that we've got comparables in the first half of the year that are higher than our current run rate of net revenue per load and are above our historical averages. So we anticipate a headwind as we had through the first half of the year, but it will ease as the year progresses.
Robert Houghton: The next question is from several analysts. Mike, please discuss the cadence of the three-year $100 million cost reduction initiative? How much of this will be realized in 2020? And please provide some context as to what line items you would expect the cost savings to show up in?
Michael Zechmeister: With our enterprise focused on growth and cost savings over the next three years, we have dedicated resources going after a variety of specific projects focused on growth, improving customer experience, and gaining efficiency on the business. The cost savings portion is $100 million of reduction by the end of 2022. The majority of that benefit will come to NAST and be realized through projects designed to enhance efficiency, including targeted automation. We'd expect about a third of that $100 million benefit to be realized in 2020.
Robert Houghton: The next question comes from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays. Ken Hoexter with Bank of America asked a similar question. Bob, the 18% decline in net revenue per day in January, relative to 6% volume growth, it seems to indicate a significant reduction in pricing power in the core brokerage business. Is this the case? And what can be done to reverse a material decline in net revenue?
Robert Biesterfeld: I don't really think that the net revenue per day or more accurately net revenue per load indicates really anything relative to pricing power. I mean, our net revenue on a per load basis is really a derivative of how we sell and what we're able to capture in the marketplace from our customers and how we purchase transportation. As we have said, we serve a really highly fragmented and a highly cyclical market and while we're the largest in the industry, we still only touched less than 3% of the overall For Hire marketplace.I look across the landscape and see 250,000 motor carriers and over a million trucks on the road, over 15,000 brokers and literally millions of shippers in the addressable market, no one party has the power to control the market pricing dynamics. If we look at that cost side of things and we compare our cost of purchase transportation and where that falls related to some of the benchmarks that we look at, we index really consistently over time. And as I said, our net revenue on a per mile basis is consistent with the past points in time with similar market conditions.
Robert Houghton: The next question for Bob is from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please contrast the level of technology investments expected in 2020 versus 2019? And how they may impact NAST operating efficiency and headcount?
Robert Biesterfeld: The technology investments in 2020 are really going to be at similar levels as to what we saw in 2019 for the enterprise without any real meaningful adjustments up or down by business unit. I think the – one of the positive things that I would say is that, since we launched this increased investment in technology, I would expect that the value creation from those dollars begins to accelerate. So while the investment dollars maybe the same on a year-on-year basis, the output of that investment should continue to increase and compound as we go through 2020 and beyond.As we continue to release new features and functionality that bring new capabilities to life both internally and for our customers and our carriers. The benefits of these technology improvements and investments coupled with the work that's happening around the network to really re-engineer workflows and continue to transform the actual footprint of the network will add additional capacity and productivity to our team with the NAST and will allow our people to be more productive.I think that my messaging around this topic has been pretty consistent over the past couple of years and I still think that the most obvious proof point is the further decoupling of headcount and volume and we anticipate delivering really meaningful results against this over the course of 2020.
Robert Houghton: The next question is from Jack Atkins with Stephens for Mike. Given the strength of your balance sheet and cash flows, could you look to get more aggressive with your capital allocation strategy in 2020? Would you look to increase your 90% of net income targeted for shareholder returns going forward?
Michael Zechmeister: We're always looking to deploy our capital in ways that maximize shareholder value through investments with high risk adjusted returns. That's the case for acquisitions or investments in our business, which is our technology investments. The Prime acquisition is a great example.As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we do not expect the Prime acquisition to have a meaningful impact on share purchases, which is to say that the $225 million purchase price will effectively increase our net debt.We will also continue to reward shareholders through buybacks and dividends. In the fourth quarter, we returned to 138% of net income to shareholders and 104% for the full-year in 2019. As we indicated with nearly 10 million shares still outstanding on our share repurchase authorization, we have the capacity to continue to opportunistically repurchase shares to enhance shareholder value.
Robert Houghton: Our next question is for Bob from Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan. It competition significantly affect margins and volumes and trucking during the quarter and in January? If so, was it widespread or lane or customer specific?
Robert Biesterfeld: Okay. So let's break that into two pieces of margin and volume. In terms of margins, I would characterize the impacts to our margins in the fourth quarter to be almost entirely cyclical. Relative to volumes in the quarter and frankly for the full-year, there's no doubt that in some of our customer accounts we saw volume declines on a year-over-year basis from 2018 to 2019.And it was clear that in some of those cases there were competitors that aggressively priced business, below where we felt that the actual contractual markets existed. We look at this based on our understanding of the cost of purchase transportation across the overall market.In terms of January specifically, I think the fact that our volumes are up 6% so far in the quarter is related to the fact that as I've said before in this industry, contracts reset annually across most customers. Networks change for shippers, networks change for carriers and as we've seen, pricing dynamics certainly shift as well on a year-over-year basis and it's really for this reason that we don't believe in the idea of chasing freight, right.We don't believe in chasing freight to the bottom of the market as inevitably, prices reset annually and the award levels change and freight is distributed to those providers that give the best in most comprehensive service, those that provide highest quality and those that have the pricing that reflects the marketplace.
Robert Houghton: The next question is for Bob, and comes from Todd Fowler with KeyBanc. Please discuss your view on normalized net operating margins for NAST? The 33.4% in the quarter was the lowest since you have reclassified your segments. While not looking for guidance, what do you view as a normalized margin range for this segment and over what timeframe is realistic to think about achieving normalized margins?
Robert Biesterfeld: Okay. So our fourth quarter result is, as I said, in NAST, do not reflect our performance expectations going forward. And they're clearly on the low end of the historical benchmarks. We're committed to our investments in technology though. Even in these challenging periods in the freight cycle, certainly in the case of the fourth quarter, technology investments had a negative impact on our operating margins, which drove them towards the lower end of our historical averages.We believe in these continued investments in tech and the purchase services that we're leveraging in order to accelerate our growth and cost savings. We believe that these investments are going to set us up for a much more successful long-term that bring those operating margins up over time as we move through the year and into 2021. So as we move through the year, we expect operating margins are going to improve. We'll take it from there.
Robert Houghton: Our next question is from Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs. Bob, please discuss competitive pricing dynamics in the market and are the new entrants placing undue pressure on prices they rollout geographically?
Robert Biesterfeld: Thanks, Jordan. Again, we serve this incredibly fragmented market and it's really difficult to get a clean answer on this one, but I'll do my best based on the information that I have on some of the examples that I'll try to cite.As an example, when we go into an annual truckload bid for a large shipper, as we do many times throughout the year, it's where we get visibility to about a $100 billion in freight on an annual basis. We might go into this bid competing with 60, 70, 80, maybe more carriers in 3PLs that are invited to participate in the bid.We approach every one of these contractual bids with the customer's needs in mind first and foremost, and not necessarily what we think the competition's pricing strategy is going to be. We take these bids and these opportunities to serve these customers and we examine the characteristics of the customer's freight.We look at the service expectations that they have. We understand the seasonality of their demand. We look at the industries that they serve as well as our freight densities in and out of the markets that the customer is served along with several other variables.From there we apply our data. We apply our process. Our knowledge of the customer and the industry that they serve along with our forecast and where we think the markets and these lanes are going to move in terms of pricing. We then align that against our capacity plan for the customer as well as our expected profitability over the life of the contracts.And from there we boil that out all down and we'd put a service and a price proposal in front of the customer and submit that to them. We go through that process again and again and again throughout the course of the year and given all of the variables that are in play, all of the participants that are each – in each one of these pricing events, it's really difficult to see any one party emerging in the supply chain that's changing pricing dynamics.As I said, we see close to $100 billion of truckload freight every year and even with all that data and the insights that we garner from that, there just isn't any real correlation that can be drawn to a broad base disruption to pricing in our industry.
Robert Houghton: Todd Fowler with KeyBanc asked about our acquisition of Prime Distribution Services. Scott Group with Wolfe Research and Fadi Chamoun with Bank of Montreal asked a similar question. Mike, please discuss the strategic rationale behind Prime Distribution? Is there any revenue overlap? What is the historical growth rate for this business and what do you expect it to grow at in 2020?
Michael Zechmeister: Thanks. Consolidation has been a successful value-added service within our LTL business at Robinson for more than a decade. We currently have a network of over 2.9 million square feet of warehousing across the U.S. to service our consolidations business. Strategically, this business is important, as many of our customers value our ability to provide consolidation and related services.Upon closing the Prime acquisition, we will add scale by adding 2.6 million square feet to our network of consolidation warehouses. We will also benefit from fulfillment and distribution services as well as lane density within our truckload and LTL business.To be clear, our non-asset based business model is not changing. We're also not entering into the contract logistics business. We believe the combination of our consolidation business with Prime as solid growth potential. Our businesses are complimentary and we're excited about the opportunity to make each other better as we move forward together.
Robert Houghton: Jordan Alger with Goldman Sachs asked about truckload capacity. Bob, are you seeing any changes to truck capacity now? In other words, is there any initial signs of tighter markets?
Robert Biesterfeld: Beyond the publicly available data that we all are looking at, we watch our rate of new carrier signups, which as we said, trended down meaningfully both sequentially and in a year-over-year basis. Related to market tightness, the second half of January, the late part of December and early January. It did represent some tighter markets than we've seen in a few quarters. But as we've gone through January, we've really seen the market settle as the month has progressed.
Robert Houghton: The next question is for Bob and comes from Todd Fowler with KeyBanc; Jason Seidl with Cowen and Company; and Jack Atkins with Stephens asked a similar question. What are your expectations for NAST headcount in 2020? Have you reached a point where headcount can decline while volumes increase for a sustainable period?
Robert Biesterfeld: We've made a lot of progress in our NAST business in terms of re-engineering and rethinking about how that business operates moving forward. And because of that, we do feel that we can grow volume in a meaningful way without needing to add additional headcount.Our focus is less on driving headcount declines as it is about widening that productivity gap between the change in headcount and the change in volume as we continue to layer in additional digitalized and automated processes for our customers, carriers and our employees.
Robert Houghton: Our next question for Bob is from Ben Hartford with Robert W. Baird; Tom Wadewitz with UBS; and Allison Landry with Credit Suisse asked a similar question. Please discuss any expectations for contract truckload pricing growth during 2020s bid season. Is flat year-over-year growth on an aggregate basis realistic or does the magnitude of pressure in Q4 of 2019, speak to the likelihood of declines and contractual rates during the first half of 2020?
Robert Biesterfeld: If you look at the chart that we've provided in the earnings deck and the investor deck over the past few years of really tracking the change in rate and cost over the past several years, you do see that inflection where it starts to you know trend up over the past or decline last over the past couple of quarters. So fourth quarter wasn't the bottom of the cycle. I think we certainly must be close to that.Obviously different customers are going to experience the market differently in 2020 in terms of either increases or decreases to their freight spend depending on the characteristics of the customer, the behavior of the customer and where their pricing was set in 2019. But in a very general statement, we think that the contractual market in 2020 will be somewhat flattish to up a couple of points by the time of the year fully plays out.
Robert Houghton: The next question is for Mike from Jack Atkins with Stephens. Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan asked a similar question. You indicated that personnel expenses decreased in the quarter due to declines in incentive compensation. To what degree were lower incentive compensation expense as a tailwind in the fourth quarter and what is your expectation for incentive compensation accruals in 2020 versus 2019?
Michael Zechmeister: Yes. Reduced incentive compensation from bonus to equity to commissions drove the $40 million year-over-year reduction in personnel expense in Q4. For incentive compensation, each quarter, we do a year-to-date true-up of our estimated incentive expense. Given the decline in performance in Q4 a much greater reduction to the incentive compensation expense was needed in Q4 to arrive at the proper expense for the full-year performance in 2019. Given the extent of that incentive compensation reduction in Q4, our annual personnel expense for 2019 is a better indicator of our annual personnel expense expectations for 2020 than simply using the Q4 run rate.
Robert Houghton: The next question for Bob comes from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. What is C.H. Robinson strategy for winning new business with smaller shipping customers?
Robert Biesterfeld: So infrequent shippers and small businesses are a huge part of our focus. So they make up, really a majority of our customer count. I think we've said it obviously before, but our top 500 customers make up about half of our revenue. Our top 2,000 customers make up about 80%, but we've got this long tail of small businesses and infrequent shippers that make up the majority of our customer count. So that's really one of the reasons why we made the Freightquote acquisition initially in 2015 and then relaunched the Freightquote by C.H. Robinson new product earlier last year to serve these small businesses directly.As we work on building and launching that process, we spent a lot of time in the field with small businesses, trying to really understand what was at the core of what they needed. And what we found was that for many of these customers, what they really need and want is a super intuitive and simple platform that allows them to move multiple modes of transportation with a – really with a click of a button and a swipe of a credit card. And so we delivered that to them in the Freightquote by C.H. Robinson platform.What we also learned, though, is that for other companies, even though their businesses maybe small, their needs were fairly complex, they needed more comprehensive services, global services or consulting support, so we've got an account management team built to serve these small businesses with more complex needs.For other small businesses, we heard that what they – maybe they were a bit more advanced in their own carrier management relationships, and what they needed was a low-cost yet highly functional TMS system.So in those cases, we've got our freight viewed TMS product that we're able to implement for those businesses. So I can keep going for a while here talking about how we serve small businesses in creative and innovative ways. But the punch line, I think is really that just like with our larger customers, we leverage our data advantage, our expertise and our technology to deliver solutions that are really tailored to the needs of these small businesses and we meet them how and where they want to interact with us versus forcing them to a single option for a platform.
Robert Houghton: The next question is for Bob from Todd Fowler with KeyBanc. Please discuss Robinson Incubator Labs. What role do you see this playing in your organization? What if any is the financial impact?
Robert Biesterfeld: So first off, Robinson Labs is another example of where our increased technology investment is really intersecting with our customers and creating value in new ways. While we formally launched this last week, we've been in the building stage here for a couple of years and we're really excited about the output of this team.Robinson Labs, in its essence is an innovation incubator, where the next big idea is in logistics and supply chain are created, tested and scaled to drive smarter solutions for Robinson’s customers and carriers.Through Robinson Labs, our logistics experts, our innovation teams, our data scientists are all able to collaborate with customers and carriers to create really personalized solutions for shippers' challenges. From there the Robinson Labs team is able to work hand-in-hand with our enterprise technology team, which consists, as we've talked about with more than a thousand data scientists and engineers and developers and take those solutions once proven and scale them across the Robinson network in Navisphere, which benefits our entire platform and all of our connected customers and carriers.In terms of financial impact, we're in the early stages today, but I can say that with certainty, I've engaged with a lot of our customers that have been part of the Robinson Labs sandbox. And they've shared with me directly that they find this experience to be a differentiator for us in the market, and that it will ultimately help lead us to earning more business from these customers as we continue to focus on customer-led innovation. Several of the projects that have originated in Robinson Labs since its founding have already been scaled across many of our enterprise customers and our enterprise systems.
Robert Houghton: The next question is for Mike from Todd Fowler with KeyBanc. The decline in income from operations in the All Other and Corporate segment accelerated in the quarter and for the year. Are there any unusual costs in the quarter and how should we think about that line into 2020? Is it going to incur a greater loss to support technology initiatives?
Michael Zechmeister: Thanks for the question, Todd. The Q4 loss of $8.8 million in income from operations from the All Other and Corporate Results segment was driven by increased expense associated with commercial off-the-shelf software, which included projects to improve our performance in HR, sales and accounting as well as additional IT headcount.We have a practice of carrying expense associated with the installation of commercial off-the-shelf software in our All Other and Corporate segment in the first year. In Q4 and the full-year 2019, this expense more than offset the profitability of the businesses in that segment or the business segments in there – in that line item, and it caused an overall loss.In 2020 these software expenses will be allocated out to the businesses. And as a result, in 2020, we expect income from operations in the All Other and Corporate Results segment to be positive again for the year.
Robert Houghton: Our next question for Bob comes from Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan. Headcount declined while truckload volume was flat in NAST. However, net revenue per head still declined sequentially. How will you evaluate if the significant levels of investment are improving productivity and generating the expected return on investment? Will you share additional KPIs to provide more transparency in the future?
Robert Biesterfeld: Thanks, Brian. So I'd attribute the sequential decline in net revenue per head almost entirely to the sequential decline in net revenue per truckload. That sequential margin compression from Q3 to Q4 negatively impacted sequential revenue by over $30 million. So it’s meaningful.And we have several metrics that we're tracking internally today to evaluate the impact of investment against productivity and return. Many of these metrics are volume and activity-based and tied to automation around particular parts of the business or steps and processes, which ultimately will drive productivity gains across the network.Again, I go back and I say I think that the relationship between the headcount and volume is a really good marker for progress here as many of the other measures that we're looking at, at a lower grain all ladder up to that measure. The achievement of the cost savings target that we identified over $100 million that we talked about earlier is also a part of the total return on this investment. So to your question on, do we intend to be more transparent? Share more KPIs? The answer to that is, yes. And as the year progresses, we do intend to peel back of it and show a few more KPIs related to that transformation.
Robert Houghton: Our next question for Mike comes from Jason Seidl with Cowen and Company. Any other opportunistic acquisitions on the horizon?
Michael Zechmeister: Thanks Jason. As has been our history, we continue to see M&A as a lever to help us expand our geographic presence, add or improve services, build scale and enhance our technology platform. We prefer strong businesses with compelling strategic benefits, good cultural fit and a proven non-asset-based business models. Specific to your question on opportunistic acquisitions on the horizon, we maintain a solid pipeline of opportunities and we will remain disciplined around value creation and strategic fit.
Robert Houghton: Our next question for Bob comes from Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan. What impact, if any, are you assuming the regulatory environment and trucking has on capacity in 2020? Has there been any appreciable change in capacity with the drug and alcohol database coming online in the final phase of the ELD mandate?
Robert Biesterfeld: We've not yet seen any meaningful impacts to capacity that we could directly tie to the drug and alcohol clearinghouse coming online or the final phase of the ELD mandate. Given all the other variables impacting the balance of supply and demand, we're not forecasting a meaningful change in capacity in 2020 tied directly to our regulations.
Robert Houghton: Our final question is from Jason Seidl with Cowen and Company. Bob, we've heard that the new entrance, while still more aggressive than the legacy brokers are starting to be less aggressive. Are you seeing this too?
Robert Biesterfeld: Anything I would share here would be secondhand information, so I'm not going to necessarily comment about what we hear about other companies and their pricing strategies. I'd reinforce that for the fourth quarter, our win rates on our truckload contract bids doubled when compared to fourth quarter of last year. So we see that as a really positive sign.When I reflect on where our team is focused, they're hyper focused on running our business. They're focused on building great technology, providing unmatched services to our customers, helping our motor carriers run more profitable and successful businesses, and providing great careers for our people, while ultimately staying focused on creating long-term value for our shareholders.
Robert Houghton: That concludes the Q&A portion of today's earnings call. A replay of today's call will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website at chrobinson.com at approximately 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time today. If you have additional questions, I can be reached via phone or e-mail. Thank you again for participating in our fourth quarter 2019 conference call. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Third Quarter 2019 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today’s presentation, Bob Houghton will facilitate a review of previously submitted questions. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, October 30, 2019.I would now like to turn the conference over to Bob Houghton, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Robert Houghton: Thank you, Donna, and good morning, everyone. On our call today will be Bob Biesterfeld, our Chief Executive Officer; and Mike Zechmeister, our Chief Financial Officer. Mike joined us in September and brings with him three decades of public company finance experience. Prior to joining Robinson, he most recently served as CFO of United Natural Foods. He also spent 25 years at General Mills, where he held a variety of finance leadership roles, including VP of Finance for the Pillsbury division, VP of Finance for U.S. Retail Sales and Treasurer.Bob and Mike will provide commentary on our 2019 third quarter results. Presentation slides that accompany the remarks can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at chrobinson.com. We will follow that with responses to the pre-submitted questions we received after our earnings release yesterday.I’d like to remind you that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. Slide 2 in today’s presentation list factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management’s expectations.And with that, I will turn the call over to Bob.
Robert Biesterfeld: Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. The third quarter provided challenges in both our North American Surface Transportation segment as well as our Global Forwarding operating segment. Our net revenues, our operating incomes and our EPS results finished below our long-term expectations.We anticipated an aggressive industry pricing environment coming into the second half of the year, driven by excess capacity and softening demand. And we knew that we faced difficult comparisons versus our strong double-digit net revenue growth in the second half of last year.Our results were negatively impacted by truckload margin compression in North America, as the rate of change in pricing fell faster than that of costs for the first time in 6 quarters. While our contractual truckload volume did increase at low-single-digit rates in the quarter, we did not generate the level of contractual volume growth that we anticipated.And our growth in contractual volume was not enough to offset the significant declines in the spot market volume in the current environment, resulting in a 4% decline in truckload volume for the quarter. In Global Forwarding, we believe that shippers have largely worked through their elevated inventory levels. However, the global forwarding market continues to experience air and ocean volume declines as tariff concerns and fears of recession are softening demand.A part of our customer value proposition, particularly in our committed relationships is helping our customers manage through freight cycles and the pricing volatility that occurs as a result of the cyclicality of our industry. Our people did a great job, controlling what we can control, which includes increasing awards in contractual bids with our largest customers in the quarter and continuing to provide excellent service and innovation.As a result of this market, we are continuing to adjust our pricing strategies in order to optimize our results. The results that we delivered to our shareholders in the third quarter are below our long-term growth targets. But I’m proud of the results that we delivered for our customers and our carriers; which is ultimately what will drive shareholder value creation over the long term.Our teams across the globe worked hard, and as such, our contractual awards increased. And we were recognized by several customers during the quarter as their provider of the year. We also launched new products such as our Freightquote by C.H. Robinson for small businesses. And carriers continue to choose C.H. Robinson as the 3PL of choice for securing freight and optimizing their networks.While the addition of thousands of new motor carriers every quarter allows us to bring new capacity solutions to life for our customer. Our long-term plans around transformation of our business are on track and our investments in technology and process improvements are paying dues.During third quarter, we also returned $136 million to our shareholders and delivered industry-leading operating margins. Our financial results this quarter demonstrate that we’re not immune to large cyclical swings in the freight environment. We believe that our continued investments through these down-cycles will drive better alignment between our net revenue growth and our costs and will enable us to generate operating margin expansion through this cycle and over the long term.With those introductory comments, I’ll turn it over to Mike now to review our financial statements. As Bob Houghton mentioned in his intro, Mike comes to Robinson as a seasoned and strategic public-company CFO. He brings tremendous finance experience and is a proven leader that drives growth through strong leadership and effective business partnership.Mike has been with us for almost two months now and we’re very proud to have them on the team at Robinson. With that, I’ll turn it over to Mike.
Mike Zechmeister: Thanks, Bob. I appreciate the kind words and couldn’t be more excited to be a part of the Robinson team. Living in Minneapolis most of my life, I’ve known Robinson as a terrific company with a great culture and a strong track record of success in the industry. While Q3 finished below our long-term expectations, I’m energized by our strategy, the engagement of our team and the opportunities ahead.Now, on to Slide 4 and our financial results for the quarter. Our third quarter total gross revenues decreased 10.2%, driven primarily by lower pricing across most transportation services due to the softening demand and excess capacity that Bob mentioned earlier.Total company net revenues decreased 8.7% in the quarter, led by margin compression in our truckload service line. Q3 monthly net revenues per business day were down 10% in July, down 4% in August and down 16% in September compared to the same periods last year.Total operating income was down 18.2% over last year. Operating margin declined 370 basis points versus last year, as personnel and SG&A declines in Q3 did not keep up with the net revenue decline, partially due to the increased spending in technology.Diluted earnings per share was $1.07 in Q3, down 14.4% from $1.25 per fully diluted share in Q3 last year. Slide 5 covers other highlights impacting net income. Third quarter effective tax rate was 21.8%, an improvement of approximately 470 basis points from the 26.5% rate in Q3 last year. The lower effective tax rate was due primarily to a favorable adjustment to a prior year tax provision related to foreign derived intangible income and resulted in an approximately $2.7 million reduction in taxes in Q3.We now expect our 2019 full-year effective tax rate to be in the range of 23% to 24%, down 1 percentage point from our previous guidance. During the third quarter, we recognized $5.8 million gain on the sale of our previously occupied Chicago Central Office Building in Chicago, Illinois.This shows up as a benefit to the SG&A line on the income statement under the All Other and Corporate segment. Third quarter interest and other expense totaled $13.2 million, up from $6.5 million in Q3 last year. Interest and other expense includes the impact of currency revaluation, primarily related to the conversion of working capital and cash balances to the functional currency in each country where those investments reside.Q3 this year included $1.1 million unfavorable impact from currency revaluation, compared to Q3 last year that included $6.7 million gain from currency revaluation.Q3 interest expense declined $1.1 million, driven primarily by overall debt reduction. Average diluted shares outstanding was down 1.9% due primarily to $67 million in share repurchases in Q3.Turning to Slide 6, cash flow from operations totaled $167 million in the third quarter, a 24.1% decline versus Q3 last year, due primarily to decreased earnings and partially offset by improved working capital.Q3 capital expenditures totaled $19.4 million, which brings our year to date capital expenditures to $50.9 million. We now expect 2019 full year capital expenditures to be between $65 million and $75 million, with increased spending versus last year, primarily dedicated to technology. We remain on track to invest approximately $200 million in total technology spending in 2019.In Q3, we returned approximately $136 million to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and dividends, which represents 9.9% decrease versus Q3 last year. Moving forward, we will continue to evaluate how to best deploy capital to optimize long-term value for our shareholders.Now, on to some balance sheet highlights on Slide 7. Third quarter working capital decreased 9.6% versus the prior year, generally consistent with the declines in gross revenue and purchased transportation costs in the quarter.Our debt balance at quarter end was $1.25 billion, down approximately $88 million versus the end of Q3 last year. And our weighted average interest rate was 4.1% in the quarter compared to 4.0% in Q3 last year.I will wrap up my comments with a look out our current trends. While our October truckload volume trends have improved modestly over Q3 levels, the combination of soft demand and excess capacity is keeping, pricing well below year-ago levels. October, total company net revenues per business day is down approximately 15% and NAST truckload volume is approximately flat versus October last year. For reference, in 2018, total company net revenues per day increased 10% in October, increased 11% in November, and increased 13% in December.Thanks for listening this morning, and I’ll turn it back over to Bob to provide some additional context on the business and our segment performance.
Robert Biesterfeld: Thanks, Mike. I’ll begin my remarks on our operating segment performance by highlighting the current state of the North American truckload market. On Slide 9, the light and dark blue lines represent the percentage change in NAST truckload rate per million billed to our customers and cost per mile paid to our contract carriers net of fuel cost over the current decade. We continue to see competitive levels of pricing activity in the market, including double-digit declines in both the spot market and contractual pricing versus year-ago pricing, where the industry experienced all-time highs.Price per mile billed to our customers declined 12.5%, while cost per mile paid to our contract carriers net of fuel costs declined 12%. The rate of cost declined moderated versus that of the second quarter resulting in modest truckload net revenue margin compression in the third quarter. Our third quarter results reflect a shift to contractual volume that is typical for us in a declining price and cost environment, resulting in an approximate mix of 70% contractual and 30% transactional volume in the quarter versus a 60-40 mix in the year-ago period.As we said before, one of the metrics we use to measure market conditions is the truckload routing guide depth from our Managed Services business, which represents roughly $4 billion in freight under management. Average routing guide depth of tender was 1.2 for the third quarter, representing that on average, the first carrier in a shipper’s routing guide was executing the shipment in most cases. This route guide depth remains near the lowest levels we’ve experienced this decade.And contractual routing guides are largely operating with first tender acceptance rates in the high-90% range. Our pricing strategies with the NAST continue to reflect current conditions and work to ensure that we’re near the top of the routing guide.Turning to Slide 10 in our North American Surface Transportation business. Third quarter NAST net revenues decreased 13.2% driven primarily by the decline in truckload. Our third quarter combined truckload and LTL volumes outpaced year-over-year changes in the Cass Freight Index for the third consecutive quarter. Truckload net revenues decreased 17.4% in the quarter, driven by margin compression and lower volumes. Third quarter NAST truckload volume decreased 4% versus last year. Our third quarter truckload contractual volume increased at a low-single-digit pace.Consistent with market trends, our spot market volumes declined at a double-digit rate driving the overall volume decline. During the quarter, we added roughly 4,400 new truckload carriers to our network. This was a 12% decrease over last year’s third quarter when we added a record of 5,000 new truckload carriers, and it’s down 8% sequentially compared to the second quarter of this year.LTL net revenues increased 1.3%, led by growth in our temperature controlled business. LTL volume growth increased 4% in the third quarter led by growth in new customers. In our intermodal service line, net revenues decreased 15.9% in the quarter. Intermodal volumes declined 24% as the decline in truckload pricing drove an industry volume shift from intermodal back to truckload. Improved management of in-transit cost drove the net revenue margin expansion in intermodal for the quarter.Slide 11 outlines our NAST operating income performance. Third quarter operating income decreased 21.3%, while operating margin of 40.6% decreased 420 basis points driven by the net revenue decline partially offset by reduced variable compensation expense in the quarter. NAST headcount was flat in the quarter and average headcount declined 1% sequentially versus the second quarter of 2019.Regardless of the freight cycle, we will continue to invest in the digital transformation of our NAST business. Our investments are bringing to life new insights and new capabilities for our customers and carriers. The level of automation across our business continues to increase including higher levels of digital order tenders and fully automated shipments in our truckload business. Due in part to this automation, we expect our NAST headcount to be down slightly for the full year.Slide 12 highlights our performance in Global Forwarding. Third quarter Global Forwarding net revenues increased 1.3%, our acquisition of the Space Cargo Group contributed 3.5 percentage points of net revenue growth in the third quarter. The integration of Space Cargo is going well. We’ve converted most of the agent business to our network, and we’ve retained key employees and customers.In our ocean service line, net revenues were up 4.1% in the quarter driven by 3 percentage points of net revenue growth from the addition of Space Cargo as well as margin expansion. Ocean volumes were flat in the quarter. Third quarter air net revenues decreased 7.2% driven primarily by an 8% decline in shipments. Space Cargo contributed 6 percentage points of net revenue growth.Third quarter results in ocean and air were negatively impacted by reduced demand due to tariff uncertainty. Air volumes were also impacted by inherently less demand for the expedited and more expensive nature of air shipments in a soft freight market. Customs net revenues increased 1.8% in the third quarter driven primarily by 1.5% increase in customs transactions. Space Cargo contributed 1 percentage point to the net revenue growth in the quarter.Within Global Forwarding, we continue to be actively engaged with our customers to help them understand and quantify the impacts of the changing tariff landscape. We once again benefitted from our strong presence in Southeast Asia, where net revenues and volumes continue to outperform the total service line results for both ocean and air. We believe that our broad portfolio service offerings, we remain well positioned to help our customers win in an ever changing global trade environment.Slide 13 outlines our Global Forwarding operating income performance. Third quarter operating income increased 3.5%, operating margin of 18.2% increased 40 basis points versus last year, driven primarily by higher net revenues and lower variable compensation. Average headcount increased 2.3% in the quarter with Space Cargo contributing 3.5 percentage points to the growth in headcount. Even during this uncertain time in the global landscape, we continue to win record levels of new business. We’re also managing our headcount and our operating expenses both are down on a year-over-year basis versus last year, excluding the impact of Space Cargo.Moving forward, we see significant opportunities to drive the scale and geographic reach in our Global Forwarding business. And we expect to deliver operating margin expansion over time through a combination of volume growth that exceeds our headcount growth and investments in technology to drive cost efficiency. And over the long-term, we remain confident that we’ll deliver industry leading operating margin performance.Moving to our All Other and Corporate segment on Slide 14. As a reminder, all other includes Robinson Fresh, Managed Services, Surface Transportation outside of North America, other miscellaneous revenues and unallocated corporate expenses. Third quarter Robinson Fresh net revenues were approximately flat versus last year. Case volumes declined 2.5% due to decisions to exit unprofitable businesses. Robinson Fresh generated 290 basis points of operating margin expansion in the quarter driven by 12% reduction on headcount.Third quarter Managed Services net revenue increased 7.4% driven by a combination of new customer wins and selling additional services to existing customers. Customers continue to value our transportation management system offering, which allows them to manage their carrier selection process and complex supply chains without the required fixed investment in people or technology.Managed Services operating margin expanded 100 basis points in the quarter. Other Surface Transportation net revenues increased 13.6% in the quarter with the acquisition of Dema Service adding about 13 percentage points of net revenue growth in the quarter.On Slide 15, I’m going to wrap up our prepared remarks with a few final comments. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, our overall financial results for the quarter fell short of our long-term goals. However, there were several positive highlights. We delivered operating margin expansion in our Global Forwarding, Robinson Fresh, Managed Services, and our European Surface Transportation. And we reduced our operating expenses 3.5% despite increased investments in technology and the impact of the acquisitions of Space Cargo and Dema Services earlier in the year.Looking ahead, we expect that North American routing guides will continue to reset at lower prices in response to the following cost environment and decline in spot market freight opportunities. In our truckload business, we expect net revenue dollars per shipment to remain below year-ago levels through the first half of 2020. As we expect pricing to remain relatively flat through the bid season in Q4 and in Q1.Tariff concerns and fears of recession are weakening shipper demand. And while industry data suggests truckload capacity continues to exit the market, we believe capacity will exceed available shipments for the next few quarters. Regardless of the freight environment and the short-term challenges to our results, we remain committed to executing on our customer promise of providing a global suite of services, delivering technology that’s built by and for supply chain experts, leveraging our information advantage drives smarter solutions and having great people that our trading partners can rely on.We also continue to help our carriers secure freight that best meets their needs and allows them to be successful business owners. I truly believe that our future success will be enabled by technology plus: technology plus our global expertise, technology plus our local knowledge and technology plus outstanding service in industry-leading innovation.For our investors, our focus areas remain unchanged. We’re committed to taking market share. Over time, we’ve taken market share in each of our largest service lines and we expect to continue to expand market share moving forward.Second, we’ll continue to leverage our investments in technology to automate and to re-engineer our business processes, reducing both our cost to sell and our cost to serve, while continuing to deliver industry-leading quality service to both our customers and our carriers. And finally, we remain committed to operating margin expansion over time.I’m proud of our team and I want to thank them for the outstanding efforts they demonstrate every day to ensure the continued success of our company and success of the over 200,000 companies that choose to conduct commerce with C.H. Robinson.That concludes our prepared comments and with that, I’ll turn it back to the operator so we can answer the submitted questions.
Operator: Mr. Houghton, the floor is yours for the question-and-answer session.
Robert Houghton: Thank you, Donna. First, I would thank the many analysts and investors for taking the time to submit questions after our earnings release yesterday. For today’s Q&A session, I will frame up the question and then turn it over to Bob or Mike for a response.Our first question for Bob comes from several analysts. North America truckload volume was down in the quarter as spot volumes fell, but volume hasn’t grown year-over-year in 7 of the last 8 quarters. What can the company do to accelerate market share gains?
Robert Biesterfeld: All right, so good morning again, everyone. I’ll start to answer this. But, in 2018, we anticipated that the combination of both strong demand and tight supply, partly due to the implementation of ELDs was going to lead to significant increases in the cost of purchased transportation. We also expected that due to the rising cost environment that that was going to lead to reduction in first tender acceptance rates in 2018.So our 2018 contractual pricing strategy reflected this higher cost freight environment and resulted in us moving lower in routing guides and receiving less committed freight as such. But at the same time, we drove an 18% increase in our 2018 net revenue dollars for truckload.In 2019, our awarded freight is outpacing our 2018 awards at an accelerating rate. However, in this current environment, we’re also seeing a lower conversion from awarded freight to actual freight than we usually see. Additionally, as we entered the peak bidding season at the end of last year, into the beginning of this year, frankly, we expected a slightly different market than we’ve experienced this year. And this negatively impacted our awards during that bidding period and it’s carried forward through the first 3 quarters of this year.With many of our customers, our increased awarded contractual freight is just not making up for the loss of the spot market freight that we executed in 2018 when routing guides are failing. So as you’ve seen in 2019, our volumes are below year ago levels. With that being said, we believe that our strategy is sound and our value proposition is resonating in the marketplace.We obviously got to get pricing right and aligned to the market conditions and deliver excellent service. But these are really just table stakes. Our volume growth over time is going to be delivered by – delivering differentiated services to our customers and our carriers in line with the customer promise that I just mentioned.Our customers continue to tell us that they value our ability to deliver global services with local expertise across all modes. They continue to tell us that they benefit from our industry-leading technology. And above all, they continue to tell us that they appreciate having people, experts in the supply chain that they can rely on.These are the things that our shippers tell us that give us competitive advantage. The things that differentiate us in the market, and ultimately, the things that are going to help us to lead the market share gains and we’ll continue to focus on these moving forward.
Robert Houghton: The next question is from Todd Fowler with KeyBanc, Brian Ossenbeck from JPMorgan, and Chris Wetherbee with Citi asked a similar question. Bob, please discuss your ability to reduce costs more in line with the rate of decline in net revenue going forward. How can the business rebuild operating leverage independent of the cycle?
Robert Biesterfeld: Our long-term growth targets that we’ve communicated over time and that we still believe in are centered on the fact that we expect earnings per share to grow at a rate faster than that of net revenue growth. And we didn’t demonstrate that this quarter, but that has been a pillar of our commitment to our shareholders and it remains the core focus.Our commitment to increasing our investment in technology makes this a little bit more challenging in the short-term. But in the long-term, we wouldn’t be making these investments in tech unless we felt that these investments would accelerate our ability to deliver against this over time. For the quarter, our enterprise operating margins were around 31.7%, which is on the low-end of our historical average over the past few years. But we’re confident that the investments that we’re making are pointed at the right areas that ensure that we can maintain or improve upon these historical operating margins through both beneficial and challenging freight cycles, where net revenue per load will ebb both up and down.As all of you know our largest lever of expense surrounds personnel. And as we’ve previously stated, our technology investments are largely targeted at increasing the productivity of our staff, so that we can decouple that linear relationship between headcount, and ultimately, personnel expense and volume and revenue.
Robert Houghton: The next question for Bob comes from several analysts. Can you talk about the competitive landscape, particularly whether competitive intensity from traditional players as well as new entrants is greater this cycle? Weakness in volumes is surprising somewhat, given your cost advantage.
Robert Biesterfeld: So if we think about the cycle first, this cycle really hasn’t been much different relative to previous peaks and valleys in freight cycles. As I mentioned before, we got a really good sense of what’s driving our results in terms of volume. And that being really the combination of missing out on some opportunities during the peak bidding season last year and how that’s played out through the first three quarters of this year, along with the significant drop off in spot market.In terms of competitive intensity, there are certainly some new competitors that are aggressively pursuing market share in this down market that weren’t in play a few years ago. But collectively, they represent a very small percent of the total marketplace. Thinking again about the market, any time that routing guides are operating at near perfection with tender acceptance rates in the high 90% range and the average depth of tender close to 1, you can assume that the market is going to be very competitive on price regardless of competitors, especially coming out of an environment in 2018, where many of our shippers and many shippers in the industry far exceeded their budgets based on the rapid increases in costs.And right now, they’re actively looking at ways of recouping those costs this year. If we think about the bids, our win rates on bids this year have improved throughout the year. But it’s been against a smaller base of available freight, as we typically see Q4 and Q1 as the highest volume bidding quarters.We feel really good about our plan going into Q4 of this year and looking forward into 2020. And in some ways, this is just the nature, the cyclical nature of our business. Contracts as you know typically work in one-year cycles. And if you miss out on a bid, you tend to reflect those results for a year. And if you hit on those bids or win on those bids that freight can be at risk in the next year as well.So we’ve remained really disciplined in our pricing. We’ve chosen not to chase freight that could generate financial losses during this contract cycle, just for the benefit of taking a short-term volume increase.
Robert Houghton: The next question is for Mike and is from Fadi Chamoun with Bank of Montreal. Can you talk about the drivers of the deceleration in net revenue growth from minus 8% in Q3 to minus 15% in October? With comps remaining tough in November and December, should we expect the October trend to continue through the rest of fourth quarter 2019?
Mike Zechmeister: Thanks, Bob. As a reminder, in Q3 this year, we saw total company net revenue per business day down 10% in July, down 4% in August and down 16% in September. October looks similar to September at down 15%. You’re right about the challenging comps in November and December. Last year, we saw net revenues per business day up 11% in November and up 13% in December as our truckload net revenue per shipment was at or near all-time highs driven by the combined benefit of locking in contractual pricing in falling cost environment and spot market opportunities in a tight freight environment.In Q3 this year, our truckload committed and transactional pricing declined throughout the quarter, in response to the competitive pricing environment. While at the same time, carrier costs moderated sequentially. The result was a reduction in truckload net revenue per shipment as we moved through the quarter and this trend continued into October.While our truckload volume did improve sequentially from Q3 to October, it was not enough to drive an improvement in total company net revenue growth. To sum it up, while capacity is showing some very early signs of tightening, we don’t see anything on the horizon that would lead us to believe that the freight environment will be significantly different through the first half of 2020.
Robert Houghton: The next question is from Jack Atkins with Stephens. Bob, as you guys execute on your strategy to transform the C.H. Robinson business model into one where you’re leveraging technology to more efficiently execute your customers’ needs, how do you think about the timing of investment to build out that capability to make this a reality relative to the timing of market share gains to leverage them?Asked another way, could we see a period of elevated expenses over the next couple of years, before the revenue for market share gains really kick in?
Robert Biesterfeld: Good morning, Jack. Thanks for the question. So let’s talk first about market share gains. And this will be an oversimplification. But as I think of the market, there are really two types of freight in North America surface transportation. Let’s call it, complex freight and commodity freight, and that’s not meant to oversimplify and say that shippers that largely ship commodity freight don’t have some complex challenges.But in order to increase market share gains, each type of freight requires a different solution, both in terms of technology and execution. So in the commodity freight space, think about regular route freight, high velocity freight that moves largely via routing guides with fairly consistent or seasonal volumes.In this space, we’re investing in technology here to remove friction from both the customer and the carrier in order to maximize yield and efficiency for both parties. So examples of this would be, more accurate algorithmic based pricing, customer-specific rating engines, focused on real-time visibility, digital freight matching and taking manual steps out of the process, which align committed capacity to committed customer relationships, and also moving more towards multi-leg movements, right. So these are all examples of technology and operational investments in the space. Our ability to capitalize on these investments in technology along with our data and operational excellence is what’s going to drive market sharing – market share gain in that space.Within the more complex freight, our technology investments are less about driving efficiency and more around driving innovation to solve some really complex supply chain challenges. This involves everything from inventory movement to PO management to executing global on-demand supply chains from, frankly, from first mile to last. And this is really where that tech-plus mantra comes in as technology alone really can’t solve these types of problems.So beyond the types of freight that we’re moving, we’re also investing in technology, as you know, internally – both internally developed as well as commercial off-the-shelf software to make our overall business more efficient and our teams more effective. So examples of moving parts of our infrastructure from on-prem to the cloud, so that we can better capitalize on the advancement of data science, implementing a new CRM to help make our sales force even more effective, all these are incremental expenses in technology, where many cases, the expense is going to come before the value that we recognized. So likely there will be some delay between investment and return on that investment.
Robert Houghton: The next question comes from Allison Landry with Credit Suisse. Ben Hartford with Robert W. Baird asked a similar question. Bob, net revenue and EBIT per employee fell dramatically in Q3? Given the softer market, have you considered lowering headcount to better align resources with demand? How do you expect to mitigate decreased productivity looking ahead?
Robert Biesterfeld: All right. So we’re being really mindful about headcount across the enterprise, right now, to include our business divisions as well as all of our corporate functions. If we peel back the onion layers, so to speak, this quarter, our average NAST headcount was down 10 basis points. But the variance between our actual headcount beginning of the quarter and the end of the quarter was more pronounced. We would expect that NAST headcount to continue to decline through the fourth quarter.Robinson Fresh headcount was down 12% for the quarter. Global Forwarding headcount was down for the quarter excluding Space Cargo and across European Surface Trans and Managed Services, our headcount was up, as we’ve got large customer wins that were in the process of onboarding and implementing, and these businesses frankly have less size and scale, and they required that incremental investment headcount.Parallel to that, we’ve increased our headcount in our technology team by over 60% in the past couple of years. And we expect this investment in technology headcount to level out, but there is a run rate effect that will play out to the next couple of quarters. As our business processes become more aligned and automation continues to increase, coupled with further consolidation of task-oriented functions across all areas of our business and shared services. We do expect a continued lift through efficiency on a per head basis.Now I’ve said it on multiple occasions that our goal is to decouple that linear relationship between that change in headcount and volume, and it demonstrates our productivity uplift. And a lot of that technology investment as we’ve talked about is targeted at that goal. So given that personnel, again, as our largest expense, once accomplished we really see significant positive impacts to our operating margins.
Robert Houghton: The next question for Bob is from Chris Wetherbee with Citi. What type of demand environment, do you need to see to return to your longer term net revenue, operating income and net revenue targets?
Robert Biesterfeld: Good morning, Chris. Thanks. In our press release and earlier in this call, I made the comment that I feel really good about our team, and how we’re controlling the things that are within our control. And I want to take an opportunity to reiterate that here. Our teams are less focused on the external environmental factors that out of our control then we are on working our plan, staying focused on our customers and driving our long-term strategic plan. That’s not to say that we’re ignorant of those factors, is just to say, that we feel it’s in our best interest to focus on where we can make a direct impact.So as you’ve seen in the several years, we’ve invested heavily into diversifying our portfolio and expanding our Global Forwarding network. We’re going to continue to do that both organically and via acquisition as we think, it’s the right thing to do for our customers and the right thing for the balance of our portfolio.We’ve been in the journey the past few years in our NAST business to evolve from this decentralized model of independent offices to a scaled network that operates as one, that truly leverages our scale, our technology platform and our national reach. We’ve obviously increased investments in technology to drive value for our customers and our carriers in new ways and to drive efficiency and automation in our business.We’ve almost doubled our Managed Services business on the last 5 years, and now managing some of the most complex and global supply chains in the world. We continue to evolve our sales and our go-to-market approach to align our best talent, to our best opportunities, and to drive market share growth. So when I think about the fact that we’ve got no more than 3% market share in any market that we participate in. I think about the initiatives that we have underway across our business. I really don’t think, Chris, that it’s going to be the demand environment to drives our result as much as it’s going to our ability to successfully executing our plan, that’s going to define our success over the next several quarters and several years.
Robert Houghton: The next question is also from Chris Wetherbee for Bob. Can you outline your investments in automation? How much of NAST volume was automated in Q3? And where can this number go on the next or 2, and how would it be reflected in earnings power? Can you also talk, where you see the most opportunity from technology in the next few quarters?
Robert Biesterfeld: All right. Thanks, Chris. Automation has clearly become a broadly used term across our industry, and we’re seeing more and more that is being defined in multiple ways by many different parties in the supply chain. So it’s difficult to give an absolute answer to the question of how automated is our business. So I’ll attempt to just touch on a few different areas of automation and digitalization where we’re focused for both our customers and our carriers.And so the first area of focus around automation and digitalization is around pricing, so pricing in terms of delivering pricing with greater speed, with greater accuracy and enhancing win rates. So examples of that would be the launch of our Freightquote by C.H. Robinson products, which is delivering pricing across multiple modes to that long-tail of small infrequent customers that we work with.Our transactional pricing engine or our customer specific pricing bots that we’ve implemented across different TMSs and with specific customers are ways that we’re reducing friction and driving more accurate pricing faster for customers, which I would consider to be automation or digitalization. The second area around automation is around freight distribution, so digital freight matching, yield improvement, multi-leg movements, all leading to reduced friction on the carrier side as well as improved quality for our customers.The next area of investment on automation is around lead generation and sales force optimization really ensuring that we’ve got the right leads to the right people in order to capitalize in the right opportunity. Kind of this overarching focus on automation or digitalization is around connectivity, right, with over 200,000 companies connected to our Navisphere platform, it’s really important for us that we have the most digital and most connected platform there.So that we can eliminate manual steps, so that we can improve visibility and so we can reduce friction from quote to cash. And as a bunch of back office stuff that we’re also focused on from an automation standpoint and everything from how we sign up carriers and making that a more automated process to how we manage our AP, AR.So we’ve got specific goals for moving each of these areas forward, and we are making progress in each area. We just haven’t really distilled the metrics that we’re ready to share publicly on an ongoing basis. If you think about the second part of that question in terms of, we’re reporting the technology investment. Our technology investments are largely going towards 3 areas, creation, innovation and maintenance. So about 60% of our tech dollars are going towards creation, which is really around expanding the capabilities of our Navisphere platform. 20% of our technology dollars are going towards innovation, new technologies, new products and platform extensions. And 20% of our technology dollars are going towards maintenance and infrastructure, ensuring that we’ve got the availability and the integrity of systems that our customers demand.
Robert Houghton: Our next question is for Mike from Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley. Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer asked a similar question. What was the contract spot mix in Q3? And which way are you headed from here?
Mike Zechmeister: Thanks for the question Ravi and Scott. Our contractual versus spot mix was 70-30 in the quarter in favor of contractual. The general market moves at around 85% contractual during this part of the freight cycle. But due to the fact that we serve so many infrequent shippers in the truckload market that don’t generally utilize contractual arrangements, we tend to cap out at around 70% contractual, while we don’t have precise optics into our contractual versus spot mix going forward.We will have – we will likely remain weighted towards contractual volume over the next few quarters. Over an extended freight cycle, we continue to believe that honoring our commitments to our contractual freight, while also securing spot market capacity is the best way to serve our network of customers and carriers, grow our business and maximize shareholder value.
Robert Houghton: The next question is for Bob and comes from Jack Atkins with Stephens. Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan asked a similar question. We’ve heard a number of carriers and shippers talk about pulling bids forward and rebidding existing freight to take advantage of lower market rates? Has this provided C.H. Robinson an opportunity to gain market share? Or has this been more of a net negative as it has put greater than expected pressure on your net revenue per load?
Robert Biesterfeld: So interestingly, we actually haven’t seen many shippers pulling bids forward. I think, given most of shippers contractual routing guides are working almost perfectly coupled with the fact that they’re seeing already year-over-year cost savings. I’d say that we’ve seen shippers less likely to actually rebid mid-cycle. One trend that we are seeing here more recently is shippers offering the opportunity to lock-in, what I’d call incumbent volumes for the next bid period at either flat or declining rates in order to keep freight out of upcoming bids and to maintain incumbent volumes.So given these dynamics and the likelihood of pricing remaining relatively flat in the truckload marketplace in the coming quarter. We do see this as having a potential negative impact on net revenue per load relative to our year-over-year comparisons for the next couple of quarters.
Robert Houghton: Our next question is from Dave Vernon from Bernstein. Bob, what should investors watch for to judge the success of your investments in technology? Is it headcount, margins, growth? And are there any targets for timelines on key metrics that you can share with the market?
Robert Biesterfeld: So my quick answer to that is, yes, right, we’re going to make investments, they have to yield either headcount margin or growth. My longer answer is that we’re looking at several metrics to measure the proof points on the value of these investments. So ultimately, these investments need to impact either our internal or external stakeholders. And we tend to look at these to the lenders of our employees, our carriers, our customers, and of course, our owners or investors. So internally, we’re looking at these investments and how they impact that interplay between headcount and volume, and the efficiency and effectiveness of our employee. So that’s really, the answer, yes, headcount is a factor for us there.Externally these investments have to impact either our customers or carriers in a positive manner that create unique value for them, normally that value is realized as a reduced cost, better insights or improved service for our customers than increase yields or better experience for carriers. So those factors are really tied to fueling growth. So the combination of those benefits is what’s going to yield more growth with lower relative personnel expenses to manage that growth, which in turn drives to be improved margins that we and our shareholders are expecting.So we’re continuing to evaluate the right financial and non-financial measures here that we can share broadly and we will do that moving forward.
Robert Houghton: Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer asked, Bob, what is your strategic view for balancing price versus volume?
Robert Biesterfeld: So my general belief is that price is directly correlated the value and the markets ultimately going to set price based on the value that’s being created. In our industry, regardless of we’re talking about NAST, Global Forwarding or any of our operating divisions really, no one party is large enough to drive pricing for entire industry over the long-term. So in the broader freight market of commoditized freight movements that I mentioned earlier, the biggest drivers of price are simply supplying demand, but they are not the only factors that drive price. I also believe that it’s ultimately going to be volume that drives long-term growth. But that volume has to be developed and maintained over time by creating that sustained value over time. Not just by providing the lowest price in a short-term.So volumes are going to come to those companies that create sustained value through cycles. Our customers continue to tell us that service notably on-time and full, is the number 1 factor that drives purchasing decisions and that technology is impacting over 90% of the purchasing decisions with the customers make.So as I reflect on our customer base, I am proud of the fact that our top 500 customers, which make up about half of our revenues, showed 100% retention rate over the past year. And over 90% of these customers have been our partners for over a decade. I think that speaks to our ability to create mutually beneficial value. And when it comes to guiding and coaching our teams, I’m always going to guide our teams to seek out that longer-term value and relationship that we can build upon over time versus short-term price driven volume.
Robert Houghton: Brandon Oglenski with Barclays and Chris Wetherbee from Citi asked about M&A. Mike, with several public peers also showing reduced margins in their brokerage operations, is the potential price of an acquisition either at the tuck-in or more strategic variety become more attractive? Are there technology assets that could fit well with the platform you’ve developed that would make C.H. Robinson, even more of a single source platform for customers? And is M&A likely to take a greater role and driving C.H. Robinson’s growth moving forward?
Mike Zechmeister: Yeah, good question, Brandon and Chris. As has been our history, we continue to see M&A as a lever to help us expand our geographic presence add/or improve services, build scale and enhanced our technology platform. We preferred strong businesses with compelling strategic benefits, good cultural fit, and proven non-asset based business models. Specific to your question on the near-term margins related to this point in the freight cycle. I am not sure that will have a significant impact on overall valuations or long-term prospects.Let me also add that with respect to the benefit of building scale, we will be selective in our pursuits as we generally believe that we can build scale at a lower cost than buying it. With our strong balance sheet, significantly cash flow generation and liquidity, we are well positioned to capitalize on investment decisions with the strongest returns on a risk adjusted basis whether they are M&A related, technology or other investments.
Robert Houghton: The next question is for Bob, and comes from Todd Fowler with KeyBanc. Chris Wetherbee asked a similar question. Please discuss the change in customer sell rates falling faster than capacity buy rates during the quarter? This is the first time, since the first quarter of 2018 that buy rates have outpaced sell rates. Does this reflect firming capacity costs or greater than expected price competition? Any additional color on expectations for Q4 2019 would be helpful?
Robert Biesterfeld: Okay. So as you know, we won’t go deep into specific trends within the quarter. But in general, based upon the information that we shared about October about truckload volumes being flat and that revenues for the enterprise being down 15% through October, it’s a fact that margin compression and truckload in carrying forward in our business so far in Q4. In terms of the competitive nature, I feel like I’ve addressed that in a couple of other earlier questions. But I want to address the question on Q3 results and the change in rate and cost relative to Q3 of last year. And I think to do that most effectively, it’s worth widening the aperture a bit to look at the sequential comparison of really what happened over the past couple of years as we’ve got this rapid rise and fall of the market.And Todd, as you pointed out, it was Q1 of 2018 was the last time that we saw this inflection. So if we go back to Q1 of 2018, we saw pricing peaking at a 21% increase year-over-year followed in Q2 by a 20.5% increase followed by a 14% increase on a year-over-year basis in Q3 of 2018, and then 1.5% increase in Q4 of 2018, before customer pricing reflect a negative in Q1 of 2019, where we saw things down 5.5% that accelerated to down 11.5% in Q2 then down 12.5% in Q3. So we’ve really seeing this rapid rise and fall kind of bookended on either side where price lagged cost.More recently, if we look at sequentially from Q2 of 2019 to Q3 of 2019, we saw customer pricing drop around 1.5% sequentially, but carrier costs net of fuel actually increased about 1.5% sequentially. So that’s what caused the difference between Q2 and Q3. With the inflection of change in cost being less than that change in sell rate this quarter. I’d say, it’s hard to say if this is a bottom, as we’ve seen in past cycles things tend to bounce around a little bit, before a full recovery.But our data would show that both buy and sell rates are back to about where they were at this point in 2017, so it kind of feels like we’ve reached back to where we normally would be.
Robert Houghton: Our next question for Bob is from Jack Atkins from Stephens. Would you expect personnel and SG&A expenses to trend lower from 3Q levels? Or is the need to invest in technology going to require additional investments into 2020 that will cause your operating expenses to rise, even if net revenue growth remains under pressure.
Robert Biesterfeld: So I’d anticipate that Q4 will be relatively in line with Q3 as a decline of personnel expense driven by decreased variable compensation and declining headcount will be offset by the run rate of the increase in technology expense.
Robert Houghton: The next question is for Mike from Todd Fowler with KeyBanc, Ken Hoexter with Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan asked a similar question. Please discuss the modest reduction in CapEx for 2019. What is this in relation to? Also, please provide any initial thoughts on 2020 CapEx, if possible.
Mike Zechmeister: Sure. As a reminder, we reduced our 2019 full-year CapEx guidance to $65 million to $75 million from the $80 million to $90 million that we had previously communicated. The reduction is simply a function of more of our technology spend being classified as operating expense as opposed to capital expense. We remain on track to invest approximately $200 million in 2019 in total technology spending.We also expect to provide 2020 CapEx guidance as a part of our Q4 earnings call.
Robert Houghton: The next question for Bob comes from Matt Young with Morningstar. Chris Wetherbee with Citi asked a similar question. Last quarter, you talked adjusting pricing to reach the top of shippers’ route guides, where much of the freight opportunities reside. Should we expect this strategy to reinvigorate truckload volume trends in the quarters ahead?
Robert Biesterfeld: So we’ve seen our win rates as I said earlier increase through the year in our contractual bids, but against that smaller base of freight available in the past couple of quarters. Given the insights that we have in the routing guide performance in both our Managed Services business, coupled with the feedback that we get from our customers within NAST, we believe that pricing towards the top of the routing guide is still the most likely means to be awarded freight in this environment for contractual freight.If we look at Q4, our NAST comparisons on the volume side are a bit lower in Q4 than they were in Q3. But regardless of that, we’re continuing to price where we believe the contractual marketplace will level out through the terms of these annual contract commitments. And we’re going to balance our focus on volume growth with that of meeting the commitments of our customers that they expect of us.We are going to maintain discipline to pricing and we’re not going to chase what I would call unsustainable paper rates during peak bid season, because we need to put ourselves in a position to honor the commitments over the annual nature of these customers’ expectations and not expose ourselves to significant loser loads or negative files just in order to take volume.
Robert Houghton: Our next question for Bob is from Jack Atkins with Stephens. Can you talk about your expectations around peak season in both your domestic markets and your forwarding operations?
Robert Biesterfeld: Yeah, I describe the view of our customers that they’re sharing with us around peak is mixed. In general, uncertainty still seems to kind of reign. We are seeing some customers put in place supply chain continuity programs in order to ensure capacity for the peak season. And others are just playing it out somewhat a status quo.Looking at our own data, one of the data points that we tend to look at in our truckload business is that of aggregate demand, which is really a measure of absolute tenders that we received. Looking at the trend from Q2, of Q3 this year, we saw an increase in aggregate demand versus a drop sequentially over that same time period last year, so a bit of a different trajectory for us on a year-over-year basis. But I’m really unsure if that’s reflective of the overall market or is anyway a precursor to a differentiated peak season.We do have a later Thanksgiving this year. So we’ve got about a week less between Thanksgiving and the December holidays than we had last year. So that could compress some of the domestic peak movements that could cause some brief supply chain interruption.
Robert Houghton: The next question is for Bob from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Given uncertain global trade conditions, please address changes in customer behavior with regard to supply chains.
Robert Biesterfeld: The simple answer is that supply chains have shifted in some cases and we feel really well equipped to help our customers manage that given our global network. We mentioned in the call earlier about our increased results and increased volumes in Southeast Asia. But in general, I think there are still just a lot of unknowns. And customers are still trying to figure it out. There is no clear path forward.
Robert Houghton: The next question is for Bob from Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley. Has there been any change in the competitive hiring dynamics following a new entrant’s large headquarter opening in Chicago?
Robert Biesterfeld: No. Chicago is a hub for our North American logistics. infrastructure and our talent. So we’ve been there for over 100 years. I think people know, but Chicago has been our home. And we’ve got over 2,500 people in the Chicago land area. And we continue to attract, hire and retain what we believe to be the best of the best across our different business units.If you think about the importance of Chicago to us, we’ve got our flagship NAST office in Chicago Central and Lincoln Yards. We’ve got our intermodal headquarters in Chicago. We’ve got our Global Forwarding headquarters in Chicago. We’ve got our TMC Managed Services headquarters in Chicago as well as two other really high-performing NAST offices there out in the suburbs.So, Chicago is super important for us. We’ve got great talent there and we continue to hold on to that talent and continue to grow and invest in that geography.
Robert Houghton: Our next question for Bob comes from Brian Ossenbeck with JP Morgan. Are we preparing for the impact of autonomous trucking on the business, even if it’s only adopted on a small scale?
Robert Biesterfeld: Freight under management or the acronym FUM is something that we think is really important for us. And it’s a measure that we talk about and look at a lot in our business. And we think that FUM or freight under management will be even more important for the future. Today, between our Managed Services business and our traditional brokerage business, we’ve got over $20 billion in freight under management and around 18 million shipments. So once we get to this more autonomous environment whenever that might be, we think this concept of FUM will be even more important.Our business today is largely built upon optimizing the yield of our motor carriers in Surface Transportation. And part of the reason that carriers choose us today is that flywheel effect within our business that our model provides. We’ve got more freight. They’re able to reduce their empty miles and get greater returns for their assets. But today, there is biases within that model that can make that perfect optimization a little bit more difficult. Customer might have a bias to which underlying carrier that they want to load, based on their experience with the driver. And there’s obvious biases toward drivers’ need and want to go. And typically, they want to get home.And so, if we do get to this more autonomous state and some of these biases are removed, we think that we’re really best positioned to optimize the yield of those autonomous assets for the same reason that we’re best positioned to optimize the yields of the assets with great truck drivers in the cabs. And we’ve got more truckload freight than anyone else in our industry. We’ve got more freight under management and we’ve got the people and the technology and the experience to drive that process.
Robert Houghton: Our final question is also from Brian Ossenbeck. Bob, have new initiatives such as Robinson Routes and the smaller shipper portal from Freightquote contributed materially in 2019?
Robert Biesterfeld: These are two programs that we’re really excited about, but materiality hasn’t quite emerged with either one of them yet, as they’re both early on in the development and deployment. We’re learning every day in both cases and we expect both of them to become more of a core part of our service offering. If we think about Robinson Routes, which is our ability to create multi-leg movements for carriers, it’s really still on a beta phase. We’re using it largely with dedicated fleets and in specific corridors.With the Freightquote by C.H. Robinson product, even with just the soft launch of the product that we’ve done in the last quarter, we’ve already brought close to 200,000 unique users into the product and we’re seeing great results in terms of our book to quote ratios, our ability to grow business in that micro/small segment. And the customer feedback that we’re getting is great.As we think about how we most effectively serve that long tail of increased – or infrequent shippers that we have into the future, we really see that Freightquote product is having the opportunity to be just an absolute homerun for us.
Robert Houghton: That concludes the Q&A portion of today’s earnings call. A replay of today’s call will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website at chrobinson.com at approximately 11:30 AM Eastern Time today. If you have additional questions, I can be reached via phone or e-mail. Thank you again for participating in our third quarter 2019 conference call. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Second Quarter 2019 Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today's presentation, Bob Houghton will facilitate a review of previously submitted questions. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, July 31, 2019. I would now like to turn the conference over to Bob Houghton, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Bob Houghton: Thank you, Donna, and good morning, everyone. On our call today will be Bob Biesterfeld, Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Hagen, Corporate Controller and Interim Chief Financial Officer. Bob and Scott will provide commentary on our 2019 second quarter results. Presentation slides that accompany their remarks can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at chrobinson.com. We will follow that with responses to the pre-submitted questions we received after our earnings release yesterday. Starting with this quarter, we will be shortening our prepared marks to devote a larger portion of the call to the question-and-answer session. I'd like to remind you that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. Slide 2 in today's presentation list factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management's expectations. And with that, I will turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Biesterfeld: Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our second quarter earnings call. For the second quarter, we achieved 3.5% net revenue growth versus the year-ago period, where net revenues increased 17%. We delivered our fifth consecutive quarter of operating margin expansion and an 8% increase to earnings per share. Our North American Surface Transportation business generated 6% net revenue growth in the quarter, and we delivered operating margin expansion in both our NAST and Robinson Fresh businesses. In Global Forwarding, the integration of the Space Cargo Group is off to a strong start, and we also expanded our Europe Surface Transportation business with the acquisition of Dema Services. And we continue to make improvements in working capital, which combined with the increased earnings, allowed us to generate nearly $200 million in cash flow from operations and increased cash returns to our shareholders. Within our North American business, there's no question that we are in a softer market today than we were a year ago. Driven by weakening demand and additional capacity, industry-wide truckload transactional volumes and spot market pricing are markedly below year-ago levels. Declining new truck orders and increased carrier bankruptcies suggest that capacity has peaked and is starting to exit the marketplace. Concurrently, the Global Forwarding market is experiencing air and ocean volume declines as shippers work through elevated inventory levels resulting from the volume pull-forward ahead of tariff activity. However, with this as a backdrop, there were a number of volume highlights in our second quarter. Our truckload contractual volume increased at a low single-digit pace. Truckload and LTL volumes per business day increased sequentially during the quarter. Our truckload and LTL volumes outpaced industry indices, such as the Cass Freight Index, where volumes declined mid-single digits in the second quarter. And ocean volumes included double-digit growth in Southeast Asia as we continue to benefit from our scale in this region amidst tariff uncertainty. With these results, I'd like to recognize the hard work of our people across the globe. Your continued commitment to deliver world-class service and to ensure the success of our customers and carriers is instrumental to our continued success. So with those introductory comments, I'll turn it over to Scott to review our financial statements.
Scott Hagen: Thank you, Bob, and good morning everyone. Slide 4 shows our financial results for the quarter. Our second quarter total revenues decreased 8.6% driven primarily by lower pricing across most transportation services. Total company net revenues increased 3.5% in the quarter, led by margin improvements in our truckload service line. Second quarter monthly net revenues per business day were up 4% in April, 6% in May and up 1% in June. Total operating income was up 3.9% over last year. Operating margin improved 10 basis points versus the prior year. Diluted earnings per share was $1.22 in the second quarter, up 8% from $1.13 last year. Slide 5 covers some other income statement items. The second quarter effective tax rate was 23.4%, down from 25.6% last year. We continue to expect our full year effective tax rate to be between 24% and 25%. Our second quarter interest and other expense totaled $6.6 million, up from $5.1 million last year. Interest expense declined in the quarter, driven by a reduction in our overall debt balance. The U.S. dollar strengthened against several of our key currencies this quarter, resulting in a favorable impact of $2.8 million from currency revaluations. The diluted share count was down 1.7% in the quarter as share repurchases were partially offset by the impact of activities in our equity compensation plans. Turning to Slide 6. We had another quarter of strong cash generation. Cash flow from operations totaled nearly $200 million in the second quarter, an 85% increase versus last year. A combination of an improved working capital performance and increased earnings drove the cash flow improvement. Capital expenditures totaled $17.7 million for the quarter. We expect our rate of capital spending to accelerate in the back half of the year, and we continue to expect capital expenditures to be between $80 million and $90 million for the full-year, with the increased spending primarily dedicated to technology. We also remain on track for $200 million in total technology spending in 2019. We returned nearly $180 million to shareholders in the quarter through a combination of share repurchases and dividends, a 32% increase versus the year-ago period. Our second quarter results represent our sixth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in cash flow from operations. Our strong cash generation enabled us to increase cash returns to shareholders, fund an acquisition, increase our investments in technology and pay down debt in the second quarter. Moving forward, we will evaluate how to best deploy our capital in ways that create value for our customers, carriers, employees and generate returns for our shareholders. Now on to the balance sheet on Slide 7. Working capital decreased 10.7% versus 2018 year-end, driven by lower gross revenues and the resulting decrease in accounts receivable. Our debt balance at the quarter-end was $1.25 billion, our weighted average interest rate was approximately 4.1% in the quarter. I will wrap up my comments this morning with a look at our current trends. Our consistent practice is to share per business day comparisons of net revenues in North America truckload volume. So far in July 2019, the total company net revenue per business day has decreased approximately 8% and NAST truckload volume has decreased approximately 6%. In 2018, total company net revenue per business day increased 18% in July, 16% in August and 17% in September. We appreciate you listening this morning. And I will now turn it over to Bob to provide additional context on our segment performance.
Bob Biesterfeld: Thank you, Scott. I'll begin my remarks on our operating segment performance by highlighting the current state of the North America truckload market. Slide 9 shows that rate of price and cost declines accelerated in our NAST truckload business in the second quarter. Price per mile billed to our customers declined 11.5% while cost per mile paid to our contract carriers net of fuel cost declined 14.5%. Our mix of contractual versus spot market business continued to shift towards more contractual freight during the quarter. As is typical at this point in the freight cycle, the rapid declines in both change in cost and change in customer pricing resulted in improvement in truckload net revenue margin in the quarter.  Consistent with market trends, we're seeing double-digit declines in spot market pricing and lesser declines in the contractual market. One of the metrics that we use to measure market conditions is the truckload routing guide depth from our Managed Services business, which represents roughly $4 billion in freight under management. Average routing guide depth per tender was 1.2 for the quarter, representing that on average, the first carrier in a shipper's routing guide was executing the shipment in most cases. This route guide depth is among lowest levels we've experienced this decade. And it's a reflection of both softening demand and the reduction in price and cost shown in the slide. In 2019, our pricing strategies have shifted markedly from last year to reflect the current environment and to ensure that we're near the top of our customers' routing guides.  Turning to Slide 10 in our North American Surface Transportation business. Second quarter NAST net revenues increased 5.8% driven primarily by growth in truckload. Our second quarter volumes outpaced year-over-year changes in the Cass Freight Index for the second consecutive quarter. Truckload net revenues increased 8.6% in the quarter, driven by margin expansion. Our shift towards contractual volume resulted in an approximate mix of 70% contractual and 30% transactional volume in the quarter versus a 55-45 mix in the year-ago period. Our second quarter results include the impact of repricing activity to reflect current market conditions, including modest price declines in contractual awards with several large customers. Second quarter NAST truckload volume decreased 2.5% versus last year. This volume decline includes the impact of an approximate 50% reduction in our negative loads associated with contractual shipments as profitable volume was up slightly in the quarter despite industry volumes being done. Our account management and carrier teams are doing an excellent job in serving our customers, which is leading to increased awards with our contractual customers. And as a result, our truckload contractual volume increased at a low single-digit pace.  Consistent with market trends, our spot market volumes declined at a double-digit rate. While we're seeing evidence of a reduction in overall truckload market capacity, we continue to add new carriers to our network, driving further expansion of the largest fleet of motor carriers in North America. We added roughly 4,800 new carriers in the second quarter, which is a 9% increase over last year's second quarter. Carriers are increasingly relying on Robinson to enable them to be successful business owners. In a slowing freight environment such as this, carriers continue to gravitate towards Robinson as we have the largest network of customers and available truckload freight across the 2PL sector in North America. LTL net revenues increased 2.8%, led by growth in our consolidation and temperature-controlled businesses. LTL volume growth accelerated to 3.5% in the second quarter as we added new customers and renewed awards with existing customers. In our intermodal service line, net revenues decreased 33.8% in the quarter. Intermodal volumes declined 30.5% as a combination of lane reductions related to precision-scheduled railroading and a decline in truckload pricing drove an industry volume shift from intermodal to truckload.  Slide 11 outlines our NAST operating income performance. Second quarter operating income increased 8.8% while operating margin of 42.1% improved 120 basis points, driven by a combination of net revenue growth and reduced variable compensation expense in the quarter. NAST second quarter results also included a $5 million contingent auto liability claim. Our investments in technology, along with the refinement in our operating model, have helped us to generate five consecutive quarters of year-over-year operating margin expansion in our NAST business. Our levels of automation are increasing, including higher levels of digital order tenders and fully automated shipments in our truckload business. Our digital transformation efforts are providing more benefits to our network of customers and carriers and are driving process efficiency for our employees. We continue to expect our NAST headcount to be flat to slightly down for the full year. Slide 12 highlights our performance in Global Forwarding, which now includes a full quarter of results from our acquisition of the Space Cargo Group, a leading provider of international freight forwarding, customs brokerage and other logistics services in both Spain and Colombia. The integration is going well, and we remain excited about the talented team we brought on the Robinson as well as the opportunity to convert agent business to our network. Second quarter Global Forwarding net revenues decreased 1.5% with Space Cargo contributing three percentage points of net revenue growth. In our ocean service line, net revenues were down 1.6% in the quarter. Space Cargo contributed two percentage points of net revenue growth. Ocean volumes were up 1% in the quarter. Second quarter air net revenues decreased 12.2%, driven by lower pricing and a 7.5% decline in shipments. Space Cargo contributed six percentage points of net revenue growth to air. Results in both ocean and air continued to be negatively impacted this quarter as shippers worked through elevated inventory levels resulting from volume pull forward ahead of tariff activity. Demand for air weakened in the quarter as there's some inherently less demand for the expedited nature of air shipments as inventory levels remained elevated throughout much of the quarter. We are, however, seeing inventory levels start to normalize into the third quarter. Customs net revenue increased 12% in the second quarter, driven by improved mix. Space Cargo contributed one percentage point to this growth. Customs transactions declined 2% in the quarter. Global shippers continue to plan for tariff activity and potential implication to the redesign of their supply chains. We've remained actively engaged with our customers across the globe to help them understand and quantify the impacts of the changing tariff landscape and to help them engineer the optimal supply chain. We continue to benefit from our strong presence in Southeast Asia, where second quarter net revenues and volumes grew well ahead of our total service line growth for both ocean and air. Given our broad portfolio of services, our expertise and our global presence, we believe we're very well positioned to help our customers navigate the complexities of executing global supply chains. Slide 13 outlines our Global Forwarding operating income performance. Second quarter operating income decreased 10.6%. Operating margin of 18.8% decreased 190 basis points versus last year, driven primarily by lower net revenues. Average headcount increased 0.7% in the quarter with Space Cargo contributing 3.5 percentage points to the growth in headcount. While we do see short-term challenges in the freight forwarding market, our teams are doing well in the areas that we can control. We're winning record levels of new business, and we're managing our headcount growth and operating expenses. Moving forward, we see significant opportunities to continue to drive scale and geographic reach in our Global Forwarding business. We expect to deliver operating margin expansion through a combination of volume growth that exceeds our headcount growth and investments in technology that drive global operating cost efficiency. And over the long term, we remain confident that we'll deliver industry-leading operating margin performance. Moving to our All Other and Corporate segment on Slide 14. As a reminder, all other includes Robinson Fresh, Managed Services and Surface Transportation outside of North America, other miscellaneous revenues and unallocated corporate expenses.  Second quarter Robinson Fresh net revenues were down 4.3% from last year. Case volumes declined 7% due to strategic decisions to exit unprofitable businesses. Robinson Fresh generated 300 basis points of operating margin expansion in the quarter. Second quarter Managed Services net revenues were flat and freight under management grew mid-single digits. We have a strong pipeline of new business opportunities in our Managed Services business, and we expect to return to net revenue growth in the third quarter. Other Surface Transportation net revenues increased 3.3% in the quarter with the acquisition of Dema Services adding about 4 percentage points of net revenue growth. So on Slide 16, I'm going to wrap up our prepared remarks with a few final comments. We posted solid financial results in the quarter. We delivered market share gains in our truckload and LTL service lines and net revenue margin and operating margin both expanded in the quarter while we significantly increased our cash flow from operations and our cash returns to shareholders. These results in the current freight environment are a testament to our employees and their ability to successfully create value for our customers in what is a highly cyclical global freight environment. Our people remain focused on accelerating commerce for the network of customers and carriers that engage our platform. We do expect this softer freight environment to persist for the balance of the year. In response to the following cost environment, North American trucking routing guides are resetting at lower prices and our net revenue dollars per shipment are moderating. In truckload, after the rapid run-up during 2017 and 2018, pricing and costs are now at/or below 2016 levels. Tariff concerns and fears of recession are resulting in weakening shipper demand. And while data suggests capacity is starting to exit the market, we believe it could be a few quarters before there's any meaningful reduction in capacity. However, regardless of the freight environment, our focus areas remain unchanged. As I've said before, we're committed to taking market share. Over time, we've taken market share in each of our largest service lines, and we expect to continue to expand this market share moving forward. Second, we'll continue to automate and reengineer our business processes, reducing our cost to sell and our cost to serve while delivering the industry-leading quality service that our customers and our carriers expect from us. And finally, we remain committed to operating margin expansion. And our investments in technology and process automation will help us to achieve this objective. To the over 200,000 companies that conduct business on our global platform, our success will continue to be fueled by our ability to create unique value for you through our people, through our process and through our technology. I remain confident and committed that we will continue to deliver industry-leading capabilities and supply chain solutions to help you achieve your goals. I am also confident that we'll continue to provide rewarding career opportunities for our employees and generate strong returns for our shareholders. That concludes our prepared comments. And with that, I'll turn it back to the operator, so we can answer the submitted questions.
Operator: Mr. Houghton, the floor is yours for the Q&A session.
Bob Houghton: Thank you, Donna. First, I would like to thank the many analysts and investors for taking the time to submit questions after our earnings release yesterday. For today's Q&A session, I will frame up the question and then turn it over to Bob or Scott for a response. Our first question comes from Tom Wadewitz with UBS. Jack Atkins from Stephens and Dave Vernon from Bernstein asked similar questions. What are the primary factors driving the significant fall-off in net revenue performance year-over-year from up 3.5% in the second quarter to down 8% in July? Are there factors that could cause July to be meaningfully worse than what you'd expect for August and September?
Bob Biesterfeld: Good morning, Tom, Jack and Dave, thanks for the question. Results in second quarter decelerated throughout the quarter as our net revenue dollars per load decreased sequentially week-to-week. If we look back from week 22 to week 26, we saw a pretty significant dropoff in our net revenue per truckload until we reached a bit of an equilibrium at around 5% below our historical trailing 10-year average during week 26. So we’ve seen slight uptick in net revenue per load during the last week of July, but we do anticipate continued pressure on that key metric of net revenue per load based on what we’re seeing in the marketplace and where we feel like we’re needing to reprice our business in order to maintain and take volume in this market. By repricing at the current market rates, our win rate on contractual business is really higher than we’ve ever experienced at any time. So we see that as a real positive on the bids that are coming through our process in the second and third quarter. But these awards are coming in at lower margins than what we saw last year. So this, coupled with contractual customers seeking mid-cycle price relief and really the lack of spot market freight, these factors are going to continue to put pressure on net revenue per load through the balance of this year when comparing to the second half of last. So it’s clear that our path to EPS growth in the second half of this year is really going to need to be driven by meaningful truckload volume growth. And while I’m not going to attempt predict the results for August or September at this point relative to July, sequentially our growth rate did slow through Q3 last year in truckload. So the comps do get somewhat more favorable as the quarter progresses. But really our success in the third quarter isn’t going to be driven by our comps alone. The team in NAST is, if nothing else, scrappy and aggressive and also very aware that while we’re the largest player in the 3PL market, we still represent less than 3% of the overall truckload marketplace. And I think it’s important to call out that our incentive systems are all really designed around growth. And so you’re going to see a pretty motivated team in the marketplace right now really focused on driving growth in the second half.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Bob. The next question is from Jack Atkins with Stephens. Todd Fowler with KeyBanc asked a similar question. Truckload volume has declined in six out of the last seven quarters. While it’s clear spot market trends are very soft, what is preventing the return to volume growth, given your significant cost advantage?
Bob Biesterfeld: So there really isn’t an easy answer for this question. And I’d be lying if I said that our goal was to have volume be down in six of the past seven quarters, right. If you look back at the relationship between our truckload volume growth on a quarterly basis and truckload net revenue per shipment over the past several years, what you see is largely a cyclical story. When net revenue per load is down, volume is typically up. When volume is up, net revenue per load is typically down. There’s all sorts of lagging and leading indicators to this that we could talk about. But in short, it’s really been kind of the same cycle for the last several years. Over the history of Robinson, we’ve largely been focused on maximizing total net revenue across NAST. And this has come with that tradeoff that you’ve seen between volume growth and margin expansion or contraction.  As I’ve talked in a lot of forums about our work to reengineer our processes, to take cost out of our model, to get further along in evolving our NAST structure and our strategy and to further centralize our pricing support and leveraging things like technology and data science in different ways, our goal is really to change this trajectory. And we need to get to a point where we’re growing volume and taking share regardless of where we’re at in the cycle. So we’re really proud of the results that we’ve delivered and the story really isn’t all that negative. We’re winning huge awards from some great companies in the contractual space that are far outpacing our awards in contractual freight that we had last year. But in many cases, these awards are not making up for the loss of the spot freights that we executed when routing guides were failing last year for these same companies. So we’re seeing for some of those largest customers volumes trending down. So we know that we need to be more consistent in our results in order to do this, forcing us to think differently and act differently within our network in order to break through some of these cyclical patterns.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Bob. The next question comes from several analysts. What is your take on truckload industry capacity? Do you see a reduction in carriers or capacity generally?
Bob Biesterfeld: So we’ve obviously seen the same publicly announced carrier bankruptcies and closings and exits from the marketplace that everyone else has seen. And in talking to a lot of the carriers that we work with, there’s certainly a sentiment there around kind of the negative marketplace compared to last year. You couple that with the declines in Class 8 orders, cancellations of orders and just general sentiment around carrier profitability, and you can start to see the tea leaves that are going to probably focus on contraction of capacity. Based on the rate of increase in capacity that we saw the last couple of years and these changing market dynamics, we’d expect many of the smaller carriers that entered fairly rapidly to exit at a pace similar as they entered. So candidly, if you look at our business, we were a little bit surprised to see the increase in new carriers sign-ups this quarter and seeing that increase by, I think, 9% compared to last year. But we really contribute that to not so much new small carriers entering the market but perhaps those carriers gravitating towards Robinson as they look for other alternatives to keep their equipment moving. So in many cases, the past is obviously a pretty good predictor of the future. And the past cycles would indicate that when these spot markets start to dry up, we see this downward pressure on rates and we’ll see this contraction in capacity.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Bob. The next question is from Bruce Chan with Stifel. We’ve heard reports of increasing price competition, especially on contractual business. To what extent is this true for you? And is it normal or abnormal, given where we are in the freight cycle?
Bob Biesterfeld: I’d really qualify this as a normal part of the freight cycle. In this marketplace, from a contractual standpoint, if you’re not first in the routing guide, you’re last. And so in this market, I’d estimate that somewhere around 85% of all truckload freight is moving under contractual terms right now. As we said in our prepared remarks with a routing guide depth of about 1.2, which is the lowest we’ve seen in the last decade, you’re probably only going to see 5%, maybe 10% of tenders in the contractual market actually fall to secondary carriers or to the spot. So given that balance, the routing guide lead just really isn’t leading to that much opportunity in the spot market, which continues to lead the heavy pressure towards being first in the routing guide, which obviously fuels a lot of competition around price.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Bob. The next question is from several analysts. Is C.H. Robinson seeing a greater impact from tech-focused players in the market? Or are the competitive pressures coming from conventional brokers and the broader market?
Bob Biesterfeld: I think as everyone knows on the call, the competitive landscape that we face spans from the 18,000 registered freight brokers in the U.S., in some cases, many of the asset-based carriers, other IMCs and the forwarders, amongst others. Our market has always been competitive. And today, just like any time in the past, it’s not disproportionately impacted by any one type of competitor. Competition to us is a constant in this fragmented industry. And frankly, we’re not as much focused on our competition because we really prefer to keep our attention focused on how we serve the customers and the carriers and how we create value. So it’s not just saying we’re ignoring the emerging trends amongst competition or the great utilization of technology, but we’re really keeping our focus on the things that we can control.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Bob. The next question comes from Dave Vernon with Bernstein. Are your contract shippers putting downward pressure on your sell rates or otherwise reducing your allocations due to the weak spot market?
Bob Biesterfeld: So the tone through a lot of these questions kind of confirm that there is downward pressure on rates and greater competition for rates. I would add that we have seen some shippers come back outside of normal bidding cycles asking for either rate concessions or term concessions in order for incumbent carriers, such as Robinson, to maintain our incumbent volumes. I don’t think that’s unique to us but more a broad marketplace statement. One thing that’s interesting that we’ve started to see over the last quarter is that with spot markets – spot market rates being so far below contractual rates in many lanes, instead of shippers following a normal routing guide process, if a first carrier rejects a tender, we’re seeing more and more shippers go directly to the spot market versus going to that secondary carrier in the routing guide, which does have some impact to the level of commitments that get fulfilled. One might think that it’s counter to what we’ve seen in the decline of the spot market volumes. But again, there’s so little freight falling to that second tender position, it really doesn’t compare to where we were last year.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Bob. The next question is from Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan. Have shippers shown any preference for brokers or asset-based carriers so far in 2019? Will this change as both carriers and brokers attempt to move up in the routing guide?
Bob Biesterfeld: Good morning, Brian. We haven’t seen any indication in our contract renewals. And I’d even go back to the fourth quarter of last year, go back for the past few quarters. We haven’t seen any indication that shippers are showing any favor towards either brokerage or assets in any meaningful way compared to past contract cycles. In our experience, smart shippers evaluate the performance of individual providers based upon whatever their key metrics of service, quality, rate, commitment, tender acceptance and make decisions upon their customer experience with the provider more so than favoring or disfavoring a section of capacity providers based on their asset ownership position.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Bob. We’ll give this next question to Scott. Tom Wadewitz with UBS and Fadi Chamoun with Bank of Montreal ask, is NAST net revenue performance meaningfully better or worse than the overall 8% decline in July?
Scott Hagen: NAST net revenue is the primary driver of the overall minus 8% net revenue to change per day in July, driven by declining margins but also by comparisons to a very strong growth in the prior year while we have seen Global Forwarding show up slightly in July.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Scott. The next question is from Todd Fowler with KeyBanc. Jordan Alliger from Goldman Sachs asked a similar question. Please provide an update on truckload contract pricing. Where are contract renewals currently? And what impact will recent renewals have on gross margin expectations going forward?
Bob Biesterfeld: So as I’ve kind of alluded to, we’re seeing truckload contract pricing that we’re bidding in the second quarter and into the third quarter inflecting negative compared to last year in the contract market. In terms of where renewals are at, on a positive note, our win rates on contractual bids in terms of the percentage of opportunities that we’re winning in the second quarter were twice that of where we were at in fourth quarter and 1.5 times where we were at in first quarter. So we are winning a larger share of the freight that we get visibility to. The other side of that coin though is that frankly there’s just not as much freight being bid during the second quarter as we see in fourth quarter and first quarter. So as we said in our prepared remarks, we’re really targeting to be first in the routing guide for our customers. And that typically is going to drive a lower net revenue per load in that contractual business.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Bob. The next question also comes from Todd Fowler. Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan asked a similar question. How will C.H. Robinson improve operating leverage? What are the main areas Robinson is targeting for efficiencies? And is there an expectation that efficiencies will hit an inflection point at some point? Or is it more of a gradual implementation over an extended period?
Bob Biesterfeld: All right. So there’s a lot to this question and we can probably go on for the rest of the time we have just around this. But I’ll try to touch on a few key areas. But I want to flip the question around a little bit, Todd, and take the focus off us creating internal efficiencies and focus more on how we’re reducing friction and increasing value for really all parties across the supply chain. And of course, by doing that, the focus is on, at the same time, improving efficiency and improving that efficiency internally, which is ultimately what’s going to drive improved operating leverage. So there’s a lot of areas that we’ve got focus, but I’ll speak to a few of them. The first is around pricing. And so we’ve spent the last few years working to really automate pricing for our customers and our carriers, which allows for faster response time, more accurate bidding, greater compliance to routing guides, et cetera. And so that’s a real area of investment and focus around efficiency and improvement of quality is around pricing. The second area that gets a lot of press right now is around freight matching and the idea around digital freight matching. We know that the majority of our carriers are small carriers. About 85% of our freight is executed by small carriers. And these carriers tend to have higher empty miles and less efficient networks than do some of the larger carriers. So we’re investing a lot in data science in order to provide them better yields and better matches and reducing their deadhead miles and hopefully helping them to run more efficient businesses. By moving towards a more digital platform for matching, it also eliminates the need for negotiations and takes – makes us an easier company to work with as well. And we’ve had fully automated booking and the ability to book tours online for quite some time now. And more and more of our carriers are seeking out that benefit and gravitating towards that option. The third area I’d talk about is around in-transit visibility, both the inventory in motion and inventory at rest. So we feel great about the uptake of our mobile apps. We feel we have one of the most widely used mobile apps and with a really strong stickiness factor with our carriers. We also feel good about our integration with other ELD providers and third parties that allow us to provide real-time visibility to our customers, which has really become table stakes today. And then we’re able to do that without human interactions so that takes a bunch of work off of the desks of our people, which allows them to focus more their time on revenue-generating activities. The other area that I would speak to is around serving our large base of small or infrequent shippers and providing these small businesses access to markets that they may not have access to on their own, given their scale. So for the last couple of quarters, we’ve been beta testing a new product. And in the second quarter, we brought this product to life in full. So we built this product based on our learnings from our acquisition of Freightquote and really excited to formally launch the Freightquote by C.H. Robinson product this quarter, which enables any of our customers to go online, get an LTL or a truckload rate at any time, pick their carrier, literally swipe a credit card and be guaranteed capacity to move their shipment based on their needs. The feedback we've gotten is that the user experience is superfast, it's simple and the feedback has been really positive. And why that's so important is that we've got about 50,000 customers, small businesses that interact with us as these infrequent-type shippers. And today, we have largely a rough economy serving those customers. And so by moving that to a digital experience, we see a real opportunity to help us reduce our cost to serve and provide them a great quality experience. So roll all that together and to answer the question directly, this has and will continue to be an incremental change as we continue to onboard more partners, drive compliance among those partners, continue to innovate and launch new digital tools and concurrently amend our legacy business processes. So as you know, Todd, our main driver of operating expense is personnel expense. And so any and all of these investments, while focused on creating value for customers and carriers, are also targeted at lowering that personnel expense relative to net revenue.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Bob. The next question comes from Chris Wetherbee with Citi. Brian Ossenbeck asked a similar question. Can you provide an update on your automation efforts? Is the softer freight environment more or less conducive to further automation progress?
Bob Biesterfeld: I think I touched on much of this in the previously submitted question from Todd. But in general, we don't see the market as a driving factor around our automation efforts. We've got a clear long-term road map of where we expect to be in terms of the next months, quarters and years. And that will continue to be implemented regardless of where we're at in the cycle.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Bob. Jack Atkins with Stephens asked about headcount growth. Todd Fowler asked a similar question. Where do you anticipate headcount going for the remainder of the year? And do you believe that you can expand net revenue per employee in the second half of 2019? Or does the current operating environment make that difficult?
Bob Biesterfeld: Our focus has been on having our change in headcount really across the enterprise. And NAST specifically lagged out of our change in volume over time. As you saw through the first half of this year, our headcount growth did exceed that of total volume growth slightly. Looking forward based on what we see as our current trajectory, we would expect headcount to decrease sequentially throughout the balance of this year and to finish 2019 flat to down compared to year-end of 2018. So as I said, our focus continues to be on taking share and growing volume. So if volumes are not being up significantly or positively by the end of the year, it is possible that headcount could be up at a rate lesser than where volume growth lands. Given the headwinds – the second part of that question around net revenue per employee, given the headwinds around truckload net revenue per load in the second half, I do think it will be challenging to increase the net revenue per employee relative to last year's second half.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Bob. Lee Klaskow from Bloomberg asked total 2019 second quarter headcount went up by about 2% sequentially from the first quarter and was driven by a 5% increase in the All Other and Corporate area. Is that technology-related hires? Can you provide any color on what this is? Scott, why don’t you take this one?
Scott Hagen: Sure. A large portion of the 5% increase was driven by the expansion of our IT organization. We have a talented team of 1,000 people in IT, and we continue to hire data scientists and software engineers to accelerate the digital transformation that is critical for our future success. We have spent over $1 billion on technology in the current decade, and we expect to increase our rate of spending on technology to at least $200 million annually over the next five years so that we can better leverage our data to drive insights to our customers, our carriers and to our employees.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Scott. Brian Ossenbeck and Jack Atkins asked about SG&A. What is driving the SG&A per employee higher this quarter, year-over-year and sequentially? Will this remain elevated with the current IT investments? Scott, why don’t you take this one as well?
Scott Hagen: Sure. This is sort of consistent with the last answer. But much of the SG&A increase was driven by investments in technology, particularly expenses related to the integration of our purchased software. And we do expect the technology portion of SG&A expense to remain elevated through the rest of the year.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Scott. The next question is from Matt Young with Morningstar. The global air and ocean forwarding industry is fairly fragmented but not quite as much as the U.S. highway brokerage space. Could you offer some thoughts on C.H. Robinson’s opportunities to grab share in the forwarding market?
Bob Biesterfeld: Sure. Good morning, Matt. So we’re one of the largest NVOs from Asia to North America and the largest from China to the U.S. But we still have such a small fraction of the total global market under management that we see a ton of runway for growth. As we see our results, ocean really dominate the air for us. And we see air as a continued area for growth. We think we’ve got a lot of growth runway in several geographies and across our service portfolio in Global Forwarding. And our approach is going to be similar to what you’ve seen really up this point. Since 2012, we’ve invested about $1 billion into our Global Forwarding business in terms of the acquisition of Phoenix and APC and Milgram and Space Cargo. So we’re going to continue to run that play, which is a blend between organic and nonorganic growth. So if you think about what we’ve been doing, it’s focused on acquiring solid, founder-led businesses with strong teams with cultural fit that fill in geographies or service needs for us. We then kind of run the play to convert the agent business of those acquisitions to our Robinson network.  And then we – frankly, we crossed all the heck out of all of our new Global Forwarding customers with surface trans services and we sell our new Global Forwarding capabilities to our existing surface trans customers. So we see a lot of room for growth in kind of the string of pearls approach and a lot of synergies in the approach for our Global Forwarding business.
Bob Houghton: Thanks Bob. The next question is from Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs. You noted that current market conditions are expected to continue through the balance of 2019. But what is the feedback you're getting from customers, especially in truckload brokerage with respect to peak season demand outlook, essentially trying to ascertain if expected market weakness is more tied to excess truck capacity, competitive pressures or underlying demand?
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. Thanks, Jordan. So as I've said, we do think that there are some excess truck capacity in the marketplace today. But I do think that the definition of peak season has continued to evolve over the past several years. And the peak today is much less compressed than it has been in the past. And we attribute a lot of this to e-commerce and how that's changed retailing in general. But today, we tend to measure peak across months and not weeks, which frankly makes it much more manageable. Our belief is that this trend, coupled with the excess capacity, will likely lead to a less robust peak season in the back half of 2019 and 2020. And that's not to say that there won't be some regional tightness of capacity or short-term increases in spot market demand and pricing. But in general, we don't see anything that would trigger a large-scale change in the market fundamentals.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Bob. Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer asked about less than truckload. Please discuss business conditions in LTL versus prior years of this current cycle or prior cycles and how you foresee this business trending in the intermediate term.
Bob Biesterfeld: Okay. So the way that we report the LTL service line, there's a lot in that. And we include our common carrier LTL business, where we're providing freight to the network of common carriers. We include our consolidation business, which includes consolidation for industries such as retail and automotive as well as just general freight, all kinds, as well as our temperature-controlled consolidation, which focuses on everything from fresh-cut flowers and produce to frozen goods.  So with that being said, our LTL results at times will not cycle exactly with how you might see some of the other publicly traded LTL carriers report their results. The diversity of our services that we report under LTL is really what's been fueling our growth over the past several years. And we anticipate that mix continuing to drive growth moving forward as we provide this kind of unique and bundled service to our customers.  Our customer base within LTL really spans virtually all industries and all customer size segments from some of the largest global companies to really mom-and-pop shippers that need that efficient digital solution that I – and access to market that I talked about earlier. So in terms of our business that's most alike to the other publicly traded LTLs, we saw similar results in the quarter to what you've seen reported in other releases. And that’s pretty consistent weight for shipment decrease as there was less truckload spillover freight hitting the LTL networks. And in general, volume was flattish for the quarter. Much of the financial improvements in LTL for us during the quarter can be attributed to lower purchase line haul transportation costs within that consolidation side of the business.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Bob. Our next question comes from Bruce Chan with Stifel. Jason Seidl with Cowen and Company asked a similar question. Scott, this one’s for you. Have developments in the global markets affected your target list for M&A? Are there any lanes where you prefer to grow in this type of environment? And would you focus domestically if global freight market slow relative to the U.S.
Scott Hagen: Thanks, Bob. We are always looking at M&A options to expand our geographic presence. This has been a theme for us over the past number of years. They have typically been businesses that are strong financially and are a good cultural fit and a good business model fit. And even if global forward freight marketing slow, we wouldn’t sit on the sidelines if a good opportunity presented itself. We will continue to look at acquisitions that fill geographic space for us and that strengthen our scale. We will also look at companies that would add new services or technology to our platform.
Bob Houghton: Thanks Scott. The next question is from Scott Schneeberger. Please address C.H. Robinson’s opportunity and progress in Managed Services and discuss the company’s ability to leverage this business with other businesses in the portfolio to garner contract wins.
Bob Biesterfeld: I’ll address the question. First off, I wanted to touch a bit on our Q2 results and maybe add some more color to the Managed Services results. And the fact that revenues were flat for the quarter is really a function of timing. We’ve got a really, really solid pipeline of deals for our Managed Services business that have already been closed and several more that are to close in the coming quarters. So we feel like our growth trajectory should be on a pace similar to what you’ve seen in that business over the last couple of years. So if we peel back Managed Services, TMC is the largest part of that Managed Services business. And they’re really focused on global, complex, multinational, multimodal shippers with really complex supply chains, which lead to complex global integrations. Typically in what this would have been a high-growth business for us, we’re bringing on new supply chain engineers and more talent prior to revenue actually being recognized due to the complexities and the length of time associated with these integrations. So we’re in a really good place with this business. We expect that the freight under management and the revenue to accelerate in the back half of the year. In terms of the intersection of this Managed Services or TMC business with the other divisions at Robinson, one of the things that differentiates TMC in the marketplace is a commitment to being a neutral platform. But typically what we see is that the TMC or Managed Services are sold to existing customers of either European Surface Transportation or NAST or Global Forwarding. And so these typically tend to be customers that have a favorable opinion of Robinson to begin with. And when we implement the TMC platform over the top and provide the customer with a neutral platform to manage their bidding, their supply chain management or their routing guides, we typically see Robinson other divisions do very well and maintain or grow share with those customers, given the fact that they're given a neutral platform and solid decision making support to mark with.
Bob Houghton: Thanks Bob. The next question is also from Scott Schneeberger. C.H. Robinson has been acquisitive in Europe recently. Please discuss your growth opportunity and strategy in Europe, particularly in freight brokerage?
Bob Biesterfeld: We probably don't talk about Europe enough in terms of what we see in the opportunity there. And we've been in Europe for around 25 years now doing freight brokerage. I would say the C.H. Robinson model is one that's not that common in the European marketplace as with most surface transportation companies tend to have more blended model between assets and independent contractors or brokered carriers tend to be more of the integrators. Our growth in Europe has been a blend of organic and acquired growth over time with the latest acquired company prior to Dema being Apreo Logistics back in 2012. Today, with the acquisition of Dema Services, we gained some density in the Italian marketplace, which we didn't previously have. And we added some great people, which will help us to continue to build out our scale and expertise in the market. If we look at Europe Surface Transportation independently, in total, we've got 37 offices there across 16 countries and about 650 people executing Surface Transportation for a wide variety of customers in Europe. I'd say there's a few things over the past couple of years that have evolved in a really positive manner that are worth sharing. And the first is that we've really strengthened our leadership in terms of the talent that we have within Europe. We built a really strong leadership team there based – local leaders versus expats. And we've also become much more focused on driving truckload growth with enterprise clients, whereas in the past, we were maybe more of an overflow carrier for the marketplace. So one of the great things about our Europe surface trans business is that we're able to share a lot of learning’s and a lot of technology back and forth between our NAST business and European surface trans. So while there are certainly differences and intricacies between the two businesses, there's a lot of learnings that we can take back and forth, which allow us to accelerate our development in Europe. Given that, that European marketplace is equal to or greater than in size to the U.S. truckload marketplace, we're really committed to continuing to invest and growing in that space.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Bob. Our next question comes from Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley. Bruce Chan asked a similar question. What will be the impact of IMO 2020 on the Global Forwarding business?
Bob Biesterfeld: We really view the impacts of IMO 2020 to largely be a pass-through for us. Should the increased costs and the forecast of the impacts of IMO to the steamship lines lead to further consolidation of capacity or reduction of capacity or in any way interfere with global trade, that could certainly have adverse impacts to our Global Forwarding business. But at its face value, we see the cost impacts as being a pass-through.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Bob. Scott, another question for you. Allison Landry with Credit Suisse asked about working capital. You've made good progress on working capital efficiency. Can you discuss how much further you might have as far as optimizing accounts receivable and accounts payable?
Scott Hagen: Sure. We are pleased with the progress on working capital efficiency. We also feel we have room to continue to optimize our working capital performance. We have a number of initiatives underway to improve our cash conversion while continuing to provide a high level of service and support to our network of customers and carriers and vendors.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Scott. The next question is from Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley. Ken Hoexter with Bank of America Merrill Lynch asked a similar question. Can net revenue margins increase year-over-year in the second half of 2019 with the truckload spot and contract rate gap closing?
Bob Biesterfeld: I think as you know, we tend to manage our business to net revenue dollars per shipment versus net revenue margin just because of all the noise around net revenue margin. And given the current market conditions and our forecast for the market for the balance of this year though, we would anticipate net revenue dollars on a per load basis to decrease compared to the second half of 2018, where we experience net revenue dollars on a per load basis well above our 10 year moving average.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Bob. And our final question is from Scott Schneeberger. Please provide perspective on your intermediate term and long-term margin objective for the Global Forwarding business.
Bob Biesterfeld: So for Global Forwarding, as we've been integrating companies over the past few years and bringing all these global companies onto a single system, there's been an outsized investment in technology for Global Forwarding business. We've more than doubled our investment in technology for Global Forwarding over the course of the last several years. Also with the acquisition, there's a fair amount of impact to purchase price amortization. But if we think about our target operating margin for that Global Forwarding business, we look in the intermediate term to moving that towards the high-20s. And the ultimate goal is to have that in the low-30s for that GF portfolio.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Bob. That concludes the Q&A portion of today's earnings call. A replay of today’s call will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website at chrobinson.com at approximately 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time today. If you have additional questions, I can be reached by phone or e-mail. Thank you again for participating in our second quarter 2019 conference call. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference. And you may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson First Quarter 2019 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today's presentation, Bob Houghton will facilitate a review of previously submitted questions. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, May 1st, 2019. I would now like to turn the conference over to Bob Houghton, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Bob Houghton: Thank you, Donna, and good morning, everyone. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Bob Biesterfeld, Chief Operating Officer and Scott Hagen, Corporate Controller and Interim Chief Financial Officer. John, Bob and Scott will provide commentary on our 2019 first quarter results. Presentation Slides that accompany their remarks can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at chrobinson.com. We will follow that with responses to the pre-submitted questions we received after earnings release yesterday. I would like to remind you that Robinson Fresh transportation results are now included in our North American Surface Transportation segment. The remaining Robinson Fresh results, which primarily include the sourcing and marketing of fresh produce, will be reported under the All Other and Corporate category. To provide a basis for comparison, we have provided certain historical segment information under the new segment organization in our press release issued on April 1st. I would also like to remind you that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. Slide two in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management's expectations. And with that, I will turn the call over to John.
John Wiehoff: Thank you, Bob, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our first quarter earnings call. For the quarter, we achieved high single-digit net revenue growth and double-digit growth in both operating income and earnings per share. Operating margin improved 250 basis points in the quarter. Our North American Surface Transportation business generated double-digit net revenue growth and we delivered significant operating margin expansion in both our NAST and Global Forwarding businesses. We also expanded our Global Forwarding presence in Spain and Colombia with the acquisition of The Space Cargo Group. We continued to make improvements in working capital, which combined with increased earnings, allowed us to generate over $250 million in cash flow from operations and increased cash returns to our shareholders. We feel good about our first quarter results and they are in line with our longer-term goals and expectations. I also would like to highlight a couple of the macro themes and how they impact our business. The first theme is around pricing. In the back half of 2017 and into 2018, we had meaningful price increases in all of our services, including unprecedented increases in truckload. So far this year, we are seeing pricing and cost declines in many of our service lines, including truckload. Many public data sources are indicating that we are in a softer market today than we were a year ago or even last quarter, and our view of the market is consistent with that public data. Demand has been softening and that has resulted in cost of hire declines and price declines. Although a growing percentage of our capacity is strategically planned and procured, we purchased the majority of our North American truckload capacity in the spot market. So our pricing is generally reflective of overall market conditions. We are also seeing a modest increase in truckload capacity. With less than 3% market share in each of our transportation service lines, we do not lead the market lower, but with meaningful scale, we are typically a reflection of the market, both in terms of pricing and in our contractual versus transactional mix. When markets are balanced, customers typically engage us in more contractual volume and when markets are tight, more of our volumes move to transactional freight. One of our network's greatest strengths is adapting to changing market conditions. We view it as our primary job to help our customers and carrier partners understand current conditions and manage through cycles with high levels of execution, and we feel good about how we are positioned to continue to do that. Regardless of the freight cycle, we are focused on taking market share, achieving operating leverage and improving cash flow. We are confident in our long-term value creation strategy and in our ability to continue to win in the marketplace. With those introductory comments, I will now turn it over to Scott Hagen, our Corporate Controller and Interim CFO, to review our financial statements.
Scott Hagen: Thank you, John and good morning, everyone. Slide four shows our financial results for the quarter. First quarter total revenues decreased 4.4% to $3.8 billion, driven by lower pricing across most of our transportation service lines and volume declines in air. Total Company net revenues increased 8.4% in the quarter to $679 million, primarily from margin improvements in our truckload service line. First quarter monthly net revenue per business day was up 9% in both January and February, and up 13% in March. Total operating expenses increased $20 million, a 4.6% increase when compared to the prior year. Personnel expenses increased 3.6%, primarily due to a 1.9% increase in average headcount as performance-based compensation, including equity and bonus were relatively flat compared to last year. The addition of Space Cargo contributed about 0.5 percentage point to the headcount growth. The organic headcount growth rate remained consistent with the growth rate in the fourth quarter. SG&A expenses were up 7.6% in the quarter to $114 million. The primary drivers were increased purchased services, particularly expenses related to the integration of purchased software and from claims and occupancy. These increases were partially offset by a reduction in bad debt expense. Total operating income was $225 million in the first quarter, up 17.2% over last year. Operating margin increased 250 basis points versus last year, representing our fourth consecutive quarter of operating margin expansion. Achieving operating margin leverage remains a top priority for C.H. Robinson. First quarter net income was $162 million, an increase of 13.7% versus last year. Our diluted earnings per share was $1.16 in the first quarter, up 14.9% from $1.01 last year. Slide 5 covers other income statement items. The first quarter effective tax rate was 22%, up from 21.3% last year. We typically experience the lowest quarterly effective tax rate in the first quarter of each year, primarily from deliveries related to our incentive stock program. We expect our full-year effective tax rate to be between 24% and 25%. First quarter interest and other expense totaled $17.1 million, up from $10.7 million last year. Interest expense was $13.7 million in the quarter, up $2.4 million from the prior year, primarily due to a higher weighted average interest rate. A majority of the remainder of the increase in expense is related to currency, with the biggest impact coming from revaluation of foreign working capital and cash balances to functional currency. The U.S. dollar weakened against several of our key currencies this quarter, including the Chinese RMB. Movements in currency will continue to have an impact on our quarterly net income and we will continue to break out of this impact in future quarters. Our share count in the quarter was down 1.6%, as share repurchases were partially offset by the impact of activity in our equity compensation plans. Turning to Slide 6, we had another quarter of strong cash generation. Cash flow from operations totaled $257 million in the first quarter, up 28% versus last year, representing the fifth consecutive quarter with double-digit growth. A combination of improved working capital performance and increased earnings drove the cash flow improvement. Capital expenditures totaled $13.9 million for the quarter. We continue to expect capital expenditures to be between $80 million and $90 million for the full-year, with the increased spending primarily dedicated to technology. We returned $146 million to shareholders in the quarter through a combination of share repurchases and dividends, a 9% increase versus the prior year first quarter. We will continue to evaluate and deploy our capital in ways that will add value to our network of customers and carriers and generate returns for our employees and shareholders. We will look to acquire quality companies that fit our strategies, business model and culture, and we will continue to reward our shareholders through buybacks and dividends. Now onto the balance sheet on Slide seven, working capital decreased 9% versus the prior year, driven by lower gross revenues and the resulting decrease in accounts receivable. Our debt balance at the quarter was down modestly to $1.34 billion. Across our credit facility, private placement debt, AR securitization and senior notes, our weighted average interest rate was 4% in the quarter. In the first quarter, we adopted a new accounting standard on leases. Starting with the first quarter of 2019, our future lease obligations and related right-to-use asset are now included on our balance sheet. This policy change will not have a material impact on our income statement. On to Slide 8. I will wrap up my comments this morning with the look at our current trends. Our consistent practice is to share per business day comparisons of net revenues and truckload volume. April 2019 Company net revenues per business day have increased approximately 5% and NAST truckload volumes have decreased approximately 4%. As a reminder, last year's net revenue per business day increased 15%, 14% and 23% in April, May and June, respectively. We appreciate you listening this morning, and I will now turn over to Bob to provide additional context on our segment performance.
Bob Biesterfeld: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. I will begin my remarks on our operating segment performance by highlighting the current state of the North America truckload market . On Slide 9, the light and dark blue lines represent the percent change in NAST truckload rate per mile billed to our customers and cost per mile paid to our contract carriers, net of fuel costs over the current decade. As a reminder, this Slide includes the impact of our truckload business previously reported in the Robinson Fresh segment. NAST truckload price per mile and cost per mile both declined in the quarter versus the year ago period, where both price and cost increased over 20%. We benefited from a market-based shift to contractual volume in a falling cost environment, as routing guide performance returned to a more normal depth of tender, resulting in improved truckload net revenue margin in the first quarter. And while changes in cost tend to lead changes in price, over time price and cost generally move together. One of the metrics we use to measure market conditions is the truckload routing guide depth from our Managed Services business, which represents roughly $4 billion in freight under management. In the first quarter, average routing guide depth of tender was 1.2, representing that on average the first carrier in a shipper's routing guide was executing the shipment in most cases. As John mentioned, we are seeing evidence of a softening demand and modest increase in capacity, as reflected by the reduction in price and costs shown on this Slide. We continue to set pricing that we feel best reflects the current freight market conditions, while maximizing our ability to drive net revenue growth. So with route guide depth moderating, we are adjusting our prices to reflect the current environment and to ensure we are near the top of our customer's routing guides. Moving to Slide 10, this graph shows NAST truckload average price per mile billed to customers and cost per mile paid to our carriers, net of fuel, since 2010, and represents the underlying data from the previous Slide. We have excluded the actual price per mile and cost per mile scale on this Slide to protect our proprietary information. While the absolute price per mile and cost per mile moderated versus last quarter and are below year-ago levels, they have returned to the trend line which averages about 4% annual increases in rate and cost over the current decade. Our non-asset-based business model combined with the largest network of customers and carriers in North America, gives us the flexibility to adjust our pricing in response to changing marketplace conditions. This chart highlights the strength of our business model over time and shows that we have maintained a consistent spread between price and cost, even in periods of high volatility in the freight market and periods of aggressive competitive activity. Turning to Slide 11, in our North American Surface Transportation business, first quarter NAST net revenues increased 11% to $487 million, led by double-digit growth in truckload. Our first quarter results also included volume growth in both truckload and LTL service lines and growth in market share, when compared to year-over-year changes in the Cash Freight Index. A shift in our business mix toward contractual freight in a falling cost environment drove a 230 basis point expansion in first quarter NAST net revenue margin. Truckload net revenues increased 14.7% to $359 million in the quarter, driven by the margin expansion we typically see as we transition to a more balanced freight market. Our shift toward contractual volume resulted in approximate mix of 65% contractual and 35% transactional volume in the quarter versus the 55%, 45% mix in the year ago period. Our first quarter results include the impact of reprising activity to reflect current market conditions, including modest price declines in contractual awards with several of our customers. First quarter NAST truckload volumes increased 0.5% versus last year, and increased 2% on a per business day basis. This volume growth includes the impact of approximately 60% reduction in our negative loads associated with contractual shipments. Profitable volume for NAST increased at a mid-single-digit rate for the quarter. We continue to add new carriers to our network, driving further expansion of the largest fleet of motor carriers in North America. We added approximately 5,000 new carriers in the first quarter, a 19% increase over last year's first quarter. Carriers are increasingly relying on C.H. Robinson to provide freight that enables them to be successful business owners. This also allows us to provide our customers with additional capacity solutions that help them more effectively execute their supply chains. First quarter LTL net revenues increased 3.6% to $115 million, led by growth in our consolidation and temperature controlled LTL businesses. Despite weather disruptions in the Midwest and one less business day, we were able to deliver 1% volume growth in the quarter. We expect our LTL volume growth to accelerate in the second quarter as we continue to add new customers and renew awards with existing customers. In our intermodal service line, net revenues decreased 3.9% in the quarter. Intermodal volumes declined 33% as a combination of lane reductions related to precision scheduled railroading and a decline in truckload pricing drove an industry shift from intermodal to truckload. This decline in volume was largely offset by higher pricing and a change in customer mix for the quarter. Slide 12 outlines our NAST operating income performance. First quarter operating income increased 17.6% to $211 million. Operating margin of 43.4% improved 240 basis points, driven by the combination of double-digit net revenue growth and a modest increase in headcount in the quarter. This strong operating performance reflects the benefits of our continued investments in technology. Our investments in artificial intelligence and machine learning are providing expanded capabilities and insights to our customers and our carriers. Our advanced algorithms and data advantage are further improving the ability for our employees to profitably match shipper demand and carrier supply and increasing the level of automated interactions across our network. These technology investments have helped us generate four consecutive quarters of year-over-year operating margin expansion in our NAST business. Over the balance of 2019 and beyond we'll continue to accelerate our digital transformation efforts to provide benefits to our network of customers and carriers and to drive process efficiency for our employees. We expect that our NAST headcount will be flat to down slightly for the year. Turning to Slide 13, and our Global Forwarding business, first quarter Global Forwarding net revenues increased 3.4% to $127 million. In our ocean service line, net revenues increased 4% for the quarter, mostly driven by margin expansion. Ocean volumes were flat in the quarter. First quarter air net revenues increased 0.4%, as margin expansion was largely offset by a 4% decline in shipments. We believe that our first quarter volume performance in ocean and air was negatively impacted by increased shipments in the fourth quarter of 2018, as many of our customers worked to build inventory ahead of anticipated tariffs enacted in the first quarter of 2019. Customs net revenues increased 5.9% for the first quarter, driven by customs transaction growth of 2.5%, as we continue to expand our customs presence around the world. Our first quarter also includes one month of results from our acquisition of The Space Cargo Group, a leading provider of international freight forwarding, customs brokerage and other logistics services in Spain and Colombia. We have an extensive operating history with Space Cargo as our agent in Spain, and we feel great about the cultural compatibility and the talented team that we have brought on to Robinson. The integration is off to a great start. As the acquisition closed on February 28th, Space Cargo's results did not have a material impact on our overall Global Forwarding or Enterprise results for the quarter. In our conversations with our global customers, these companies are continuing to plan for tariff activity and potential implications and the redesign of global supply chains. We are actively engaged with our Global Forwarding customers to help them understand and quantify the impacts of the changing tariff landscape. We are benefiting from our strong presence in Southeast Asia, where first quarter net revenues grew well ahead of our total service line growth for both ocean and air. Given our broad portfolio of service offerings, we continue to believe that we are well positioned to help our customers win in an ever-changing global trade environment. Slide 14 outlines our Global Forwarding operating income performance. First quarter operating income increased 72.8% to $14 million, operating margin of 11.2% increased 450 basis points versus last year, driven by higher net revenues and a 1.3% decline in average headcount. As a reminder, the first quarter is typically our smallest net revenue quarter for the year, so our first quarter operating margin is typically well below the average for the year. We continue to see significant opportunities to drive scale and geographic reach in our Global Forwarding business. At the same time, we will increase our level of technology deployment to make our processes more efficient. Moving forward, we expect to deliver operating margin expansion through a combination of volume growth that exceeds headcount growth and investments in technology to drive operating cost efficiency. Over the long-term, we remain confident that we will deliver operating margin performance, consistent with other leading companies in the global forwarding segment. Moving to our All Other and Corporate businesses on Slide 15. As a reminder, All Other now includes Robinson Fresh, Managed Services, surface transportation outside of North America, other miscellaneous revenues and unallocated corporate expenses. First quarter Robinson Fresh net revenues were $29 million, down 5% from last year. Case volumes declined 7%, primarily driven by weather related crop reductions. Managed Services' net revenues increased 10.9% to $20 million in the quarter, driven by a combination of selling additional services to existing customers and new customer wins. Customers continue to value our transportation management system offering, which allows them to manage their carrier selection process in complex supply chains without the required fixed investment in people or technology. We have got a strong pipeline of new business opportunities in our Managed Service business and we expect continued net revenue growth as we move through the year. Other Surface Transportation net revenues increased 0.7% in the quarter to $16 million, primarily driven by mid single-digit volume growth in European truckload. During the first quarter, we were able to deliver market share gains in NAST truckload and LTL, double-digit net revenue growth on a per day basis and net revenue margin and operating margin expansion in excess of 200 basis points. We also generated over $250 million in cash flow from operations and increased our returns to shareholders. These strong results reflect the continued ability of our employees to successfully navigate an ever-changing marketplace where both market dynamics in the competitive landscape continues to evolve at a rapid pace. Our people are focused on creating unique value for our network of customers and carriers and keeping them at the center of our focus. Because of this focus on accelerating commerce for the companies that engage on our platform, we continue to win in the marketplace. To ensure we deliver continued strong financial performance moving forward, we remain committed to three core objectives. First, we are committed to taking market share. Over time, we have taken market share in each of our largest service lines and we expect to continue to expand our market share gains in 2019 and beyond. Second, we'll continue to automate our core processes and reduce our cost to sell and cost to serve, while also providing excellent service to our customers and our carriers. And third we are intently focused on improving operating leverage across our businesses. We remain committed to the long-term targets we shared at our Investor Day in 2017. Over time, we expect to deliver annual net revenue growth of 5% to 10%, with operating income growth that exceeds net revenue growth. We are firmly committed to operating margin expansion and believe our continued investments in technology and process automation will help us to achieve this objective. We are also committed to strong cash returns to shareholders and expect to deliver annual double-digit growth in earnings per share over time. Moving forward, I'm confident that we'll continue to deliver industry-leading capabilities and solutions to the over 200,000 companies that conduct business on our global platform. I'm also confident that we'll continue to provide rewarding career opportunities for our employees and generate strong returns for our shareholders. Thanks for listening this morning. Before I turn the call back to John, for the last time, I wanted to take a moment in this forum and thank John for his leadership of this great organization over the past 17 years. Under John's leadership, C.H Robinson has evolved from a leading US truck brokerage and produce Company to a global supply chain Company, powered by people, process and technology. Together under John's leadership, our team has created tremendous value for our customers, our carriers and our shareholders, while providing opportunities for all of our employees around the globe to learn, to grow and to serve. On behalf of all the 15,000 people around the globe, I want to say, thanks for all you have done John. I'm honored and excited to lead Robinson into the next chapter with your support as Executive Chairman and to build upon our strong foundation of success. And with that, I will turn it back to John.
John Wiehoff: Thank you, Bob. I will wrap up our prepared remarks with a few final comments. Our core go-to-market strategy has always been to help our network of customers and carriers understand and adapt to the cyclical nature of the freight market. We remain focused on working closely with our customers to help them understand the market, to ensure we can both meet our customer commitments and achieve pricing reflective of the marketplace conditions. We will continue to invest in our people, processes and technology to increase the value of the supply chain solutions we deliver to our global legal system of over 200,000 companies . We will also leveraged our digital transformation to provide our customers, carrier partners, and our people with an expanding set of insights and capabilities, and we will remain focused on operating cost efficiency, driving higher levels of service execution for our employees and increasing returns to our shareholders. Our team and our platform are the competitive advantages that will allow us to win in the marketplace and they continue to get stronger. We have a great future ahead of us and I'm highly confident in our ability to continue to create value for all of our stakeholders. As Bob referenced, in February of 2019, I announced my intention to retire as Chief Executive Officer of C.H. Robinson. As part of a long-planned succession process, we also announced that Bob Biesterfeld will become the next Chief Executive Officer of our Company. I will remain on the Board of Directors as Chairman. Both moves are effective next week on May 9th. During his almost two decades as C.H. Robinson, Bob has consistently demonstrated deep industry knowledge, strategic vision and a passion for delivering results. He has been the driving force behind our digital transformation efforts, accelerating the pace of innovation and technology deployment across our organization. Bob's an exceptional leader, who is committed to C.H. Robinson's culture and core values and I'm highly confident in his ability to extend the C.H. Robinson's long track record of success. As I reflect on my 17-year tenure as Chief Executive Officer of Robinson, I'm very proud of what we have accomplished. We have aggressively expanded our service offerings and network to become a comprehensive global third-party logistics Company. Over this period, we have increased our total revenues fivefold and returned over $6 billion to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends. But overall, I'm most proud of the winning culture we have created in the over 15,000 employees who continue to drive our success today. To all our customers, contract carriers and suppliers, thank you for your business and for trusting us to help accelerate your global commerce, to our shareholders, thank you for your investment in C.H. Robinson, and to our employees around the world, thank you for the hard work you demonstrate every day and congratulations on your achievements. I take immense pride in our results over the last 17 years. And I'm very excited to see the next chapter of growth at C.H. Robinson. I remain as confident as ever that we have the right people, the right processes and the right technology to continue to win in the marketplace. That concludes our prepared comments. And with that, I will turn it back to the operator, so that we can answer the submitted questions.
Operator: Mr. Houghton, the floor is yours for the question and answer session.
Bob Houghton: Thank you. Donna. First, I would like to thank the many analysts and investors for taking the time to submit questions after our earnings release yesterday. For today's Q&A session, I will frame-up the question and then turn it over to John, Bob or Scott for a response. Similar to earnings calls over the previous years, we have received both secular and cyclical questions regarding our business performance. This morning, we will begin with a few secular questions and then transition to topics that are more cyclical in nature. Our first question comes from several analysts, Bob, regarding the recent announcement by Amazon to enter the truck brokerage space, how does this impact your business in the short term? And longer term, how might the Company react to a competitor willing to do business for no profit?
Bob Biesterfeld: Thanks, Bob. So good morning again everybody, I guess to start, I haven't actually seen any announcement directly from Amazon that they are doing anything new. There was an industry trade publication that stated this as something new last week, but we have actually assumed or known Amazon to be in the space for quite some time, as they work to optimize their internal network. So I would look at this as another step in what is been a rapid change in the competitive landscape over the last several years. To the question around competitors being willing to do business for no profit, since we have been public, we have never really seen that play out as a value creating approach and it's certainly not going to be our approach in this market. If I look back over the past 20 years of my tenure here at Robinson, we have really seen several instances of disruption in our competitive landscape. And really with each instance of disruption in our history, the bare case on Robinson has always been that these new entrants, who are going to disintermediate our model and drive margins down or to zero. And so through each of these phases we have stayed true to one of our core values, which is evolving constantly and managing our business for long-term value creation. But in the early 2000s, it was the advent of the Internet. The arrival of the load board that was going to bring price and cost transparency and disintermediate brokerage. In the mid 2000s, we had upstart 3PLs actively pricing freight below market rates in order to take share with large shippers, either in order to sell or to go public. We have seen roll-up strategies launched, fueled by a near zero cost of capital targeted directly at disintermediating Robinson. And recently, we have got numerous of these tech start or tech first brokerages promising low or no margins, reducing friction and improving efficiency. And these have really been high on the hype curve as we have seen, again fueled by what seems to be an endless source of private equity. But through this whole long range cycle what Robinson has done is maintain our margins relatively consistent. We have increased our share of the market. We have diversified our business and we have increased our return to shareholders. So it's not to say that we are ignoring competition or the evolving competitive focus, we have actually got tremendous respect for the competitors that have come into this marketplace and the incredible levels of talent that are entering our industry today. We think that this infusion of talent, and new ways of doing business has really been a positive catalyst for us and for the entire industry. We are just not really conceding at this point that the success that some of these competitors have had across other industries is immediately transferable and assurance of success in our industry.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Bob. The next question is for John from Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley, Jason Seidl with Cowen and Company, asked a similar question, John, how would you characterize the competitive environment in the space, both among incumbents and with new entrants? Are you running into tech focused brokers more and if so, are they being more aggressive on price than traditional brokers?
John Wiehoff: So, I will build a little bit on Bob's comments and maybe just by backing up and reminding everybody that from an overall standpoint, when we look at the competitive landscape and how we monitor our position in it and what we are doing across our various segments and geographies, we do have a very diverse list of competitors. In our European business, in our Managed Service business in our fresh business, there is a completely different set of competitors. When you get within North America Surface Trans, even within the different services, the LTL world and a lot of the various services, have different competitors. When you get down to our largest source of revenues, the North American truckload business, there still is somewhere around 20,000 licensed brokers and over 100,000 carriers out there. So when you get into that core source of revenue for us that most of our shareholders, analysts are focused on, it's a very fragmented, highly competitive landscape that we have been a part of for the last several decades. There is also a fair amount of churn within that competitive landscape. In good times and in bad, we see thousands of new entrants and thousands of people leaving in relatively short periods of time. Bob mentioned that throughout the decades, we have seen a variety of ways that people have entered into this space, including relationships, including programs to buy market share, if you will, or come in and being much more price-competitive. If you think about how this broad fragmented marketplace evolves, there is a variety of ways that you can join and try to be competitive. Many of the large asset-based carriers who have gotten into the brokerage business over the year, start by leveraging their available capacity and their dense lanes to try to market that capacity in broader, more direct brokerage ways. You see shippers who try to leverage some of their high spend areas to get more involved in optimization with other shippers and try to manage. That typically in a start-up mode, in a pure start-up, price or relationship, are the two things that you would try to leverage to compete. Bob commented on more tech start-ups and over the last four, five years, especially with the explosion of digital capabilities, there are more start-ups, we are seeing more start-ups in tech focused sales mode. And I would say that some of the themes around there are the desire to get the scale faster because we all acknowledge, some of the benefits of scale in a digital world, and also maybe creating a different experience with digital connectivity with some of the carriers or some of the information that might be available back and forth. So, we do see a change in those competitive landscape in terms of some of the start-up capital and some of the technology focus of some of the start-ups. But if you really step back from it, overall, it remains a very large fragmented, high churning industry that those of us who are investing in the digital platforms and really trying to take it to a new level of performance and scale are making some serious changes in our models to go with that. But overall, it remains somewhat similar in terms of it being a broad, fragmented, competitive landscape that we continue to monitor.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, John. The next question comes from Jack Atkins with Stephens, Todd Fowler of KeyBanc and Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer, ask similar questions. Bob, the adoption of technology in the brokerage market seems to have been accelerated with additional options for digital freight matching now available on the market. For C.H Robinson, where do you guys stand in terms of offering a digital solution for customers? What percentage of your loads is booked through a digital platform and what is your goal for this metric over the next few years?
Bob Biesterfeld: There is no doubt that technology has been more broadly accepted in the marketplace. And I think the greatest shift in adoption that we have seen more recently is from the small carrier community, which is really great for us as the small carriers are starting to see the use of technology be a win for them versus a burden. And so, as we and others become more tech enabled and provide value creating offerings for carriers via mobile or the web, we are seeing those small carriers really gravitate toward that, both here in North America as well as in Europe and other parts of the world where we do business. Our digital focus on customers has really been about meeting customers how and where they want to engage with us and we are really proud of Navisphere, but we are also somewhat platform agnostic when it comes to customer engagement and connectivity. Our real focus is on automating that customer journey and ensuring that it is frictionless as possible. As, I think, you all know, we have greatly increased our investment in technology in this space. We have spent about $1 billion on tech over the last decade and we would expect that we are going to spend about $1 billion on tech over the next four to five years. And so, we are accelerating the pace in which we develop this digital platform for our customers. In terms of the direct question of kind of where we are at in that journey? Today, about 75% of our load tenders are automated with our customers, so you could say that about 75% of our shipments are fully digital on the front end. About 50% of the shipments that run through our system are fully automated from end to end. And then, John mentioned the scale in this digital era, that's really driving for us about 650 million digital imprints every year which are data points that we can use to further tune our algorithms, to drive matching algorithms, to understand supply chain disruption in new and important ways. As I mentioned that meeting our customers' how and where they want to buy, we have really created unique value streams for our smaller customers through our freight quote Navisphere platforms, for those infrequent shippers that just want to come in online and get pricing for LTL or truckload, book a shipment and swipe a credit card and have a fully automated experience, that lives today for many of our infrequent shippers. And for our larger shippers, we have got that fully automated end to end process, real-time visibility of inventory in motion and at rest, and some of the largest companies in the world are using Robinson for that digital supply chain experience. On the carrier side, we are continuing to evolve and advance in the process of digital freight matching and digital booking. We are seeing a nice uptick there from carriers coming into Navisphere, and whether it be transactionally booking loads, self booking loads or in the dedicated space of doing tours and multi-stop earnings. So across all of our portfolio, we are seeing improvements in this automated and digital booking. We are really happy with where we are today, but we are going to continue to invest and drive forward.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Bob. We will now transition to topics that are more cyclical in nature. The next question is for John from Dave Vernon of Bernstein. Are the volume declines seen in April in the contract brokerage business or the spot business? How is mix shifting?
John Wiehoff: Maybe expanding a little bit, we have consistently shared kind of a current month's data points around what we are seeing in terms of overall net revenue growth and volume activity and we shared those for April with net revenue being up 5%, and North America truckload volume being down 4%. The shift in the business, I will refer you back to Slide 9, where we have laid out the last decade in terms of the cyclicality of our truckload business and how we are seeing price and activity changes across the market. No question that we have seen a decline in spot market activity. That is where the volume changes are coming from. Over the last year and a half, we have talked and executed our changes through the pricing dynamics of our committed freight. If you go back to that Slide nine and look at that unprecedented run-up of pricing, during that period of time the spot market activity becomes a much bigger component of the mix. And you see over the last couple of quarters now the kind of steady decline of demand and pricing, where the market will become much more committed. We have shared our route guide metrics that freight will execute along those route guides in a much more compliant way and then the declines that we see now come in the spot market era. Our truck business really through April is functioning and our net revenue growth is fairly similar to the first quarter. We are shedding some volume and we are reoptimizing for a net revenue growth. Our April change really versus the first quarter has more to do with drop-off in growth in some of the other services that we think is part of just being early in April and being a little bit choppy. So it's always a little bit risky like we say to share that mid-month activity. We have Easter comparisons and other things that can make a difference as well, but the overall market environment, I think, the highlights that we shared earlier are that demand is softening, we are seeing high route guide compliance and high execution around committed freight levels and a decline in the spot market due to the price changes.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, John. The next question is from Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley. Bob, why are volumes continuing to decline, is this part of the long-term strategy to prioritize pricing over volume growth?
Bob Biesterfeld: Thanks, Bob. So the short answer on that is that, at least, for the quarter volumes didn't decline, right. On a per business day basis truckload volumes were up 2% in first quarter and profitable volume growth when you consider - eliminating some of the negative loads, was in the mid single-digit. So I think I have been clear in a lot of different forms about our key areas of focus, around taking share through volume growth, decoupling headcount growth from revenue and volume over time and improving our operating margin. I think the key words there are over time, and so any 30-day period may not represent that result, which is why we don't measure our business in 30-day periods or that short term. If we think about April, and John mentioned it, we had a little bit of a comparison due to Easter, we had a softer-than-expected market. But profitable volume growth is going to be a key component to NAST's success in 2019, as well as in our other services. So we look back our historical volume growth over the past number of years has been about 4% on average and that's really the range that we would expect volume to be in the second half of the year. And so, to answer the question directly, our long-term strategy is not to trade price for volume. We are volume-oriented and volume focused.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Bob. The next question comes from Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer and Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan, also asked similar questions. Bob, net operating margins expanded 250 basis points versus last year in the first quarter. Can you talk about the opportunity for further operating margin expansion as the year progresses? And do you see opportunities to optimize the operating expense structure?
Bob Biesterfeld: Sure. So net operating margins in the second, third and fourth quarter of last year were 32.6%, 35.4%, 35.8% sequentially compared to 33.1% in Q1 of this year. So across each of our business units, if you talk to any one of the Divisional Presidents they would tell you that they have an extreme focus on expanding their operating margins. And that's going to come through, again, growing our market share and associated net revenues, against modest headcount growth. In our largest segments of NAST and Global Forwarding, we are expecting headcount to be flat to down for the year as we implement further technology enabled productivity initiatives, against planned increases in revenue and additional wins in our core services. The offset to that is that we are continuing to add heads ahead of growth in Managed Services, we have talked about our technology investment that's going to come with additional heads in IT, development, engineering and data science. So our investments in technology at the core are really focused in three core areas: it's our customers; it's our carriers; and it's in our employees and our workflow. And much of that technology investment is what is going to drive greater efficiency internally as we refine business processes, eliminate redundancy and non-value added steps within our workflow.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Bob. The next question is for John from Jack Atkins of Stephens. Chris Wetherbee also asked a similar question. Please talk about trends in global forwarding? What did you see in the ocean and air markets during the first quarter, and how are you thinking about the performance of the forwarding business for the balance of the year?
John Wiehoff: So the big picture on Global Forwarding at Robinson, as you all know, six or seven years ago when we doubled down and made our largest acquisition of Phoenix, since then we have been continuing to invest in the division with follow on acquisitions, and did that again this quarter with Space Cargo. And overall, feel very positive and some really strong momentum around our pipeline and our capabilities as we continue to build out our global network and gain more and more confidence in the competitiveness of our Global Forwarding all around the world. We did see, as we mentioned in our prepared comments, some potential tariff pull forward. It's really hard to quantify that because shippers are all making a lot of subjective decisions. And I did mention earlier that we see some chop in the first part of April around our ocean activity, that we think will normalize as the year goes on. So, little bit of a bumpy start in 2019 in terms of some of the Global Forwarding volumes and activities, but overall, our expectations for the year, and more importantly, the long-term going forward are that we feel great about our offering, our network, our competitiveness and the things that we are doing to continue to take market share and grow Global Forwarding as a more and more relevant part of the C.H. Robinson network.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, John. The next question also comes from Jack Atkins. Dave Vernon of Bernstein and Fadi Chamoun of BMO, also asked similar questions. John, now that we are in the heart of bid season, how have you seen contractual pricing trend on average this year compared to 2018? Have you noticed anything different about bid season this year compared to prior bid cycles, given the current freight market backdrop?
John Wiehoff: I would say, nothing too significant. Referring back again to a chart that I think is most helpful on the cyclicality in the year-to-year, that Slide nine that's in our prepared deck that shows the significant ramp up and the significant ramp down. If you really go back the last 20 or 30 years, we have used the term unprecedented, that there hasn't been that kind of 20% price increase year-over-year. And then, the sort of decline that we have seen over the last four or five quarters. So because of that, I would say, if there is anything different that in bid processes there certainly is a fair amount of questioning and concern as to where prices are going and where the bottom is and kind of what the market will look like. We have shared a number of times that it still remains true that over a decade or so these price and cost increases have averaged in the 3% to 4% range and that when you look at it over a longer period of time the cost changes are fairly rational. But in a short period of time, we are seeing an increase in volatility, which probably has something to do with digitalization and the rule changes around ELDs a year ago, that probably put some preventative pricing in place and maybe there is some improvement around that. So the process for bids has gone very similar in terms of high volumes of participation, very competitive, very fragmented, again, processes remained fairly similar and probably just a heightened level of dialog around where prices are headed and how are we going to come out of this greater volatility of price increases and declines over the last couple of years.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, John. The next question is for Bob from Matt Young with Morningstar. NAST gross profit margin percentage increased a meaningful amount on both a year-over-year and sequential basis. Should we expect truckload margins to normalize as the year progresses and perhaps sell rate declines to begin to catch up to the recent fall in rates paid to carriers?
Bob Biesterfeld: So, I would go back again the Slide nine in our deck that shows that change in rate and cost over time. And what you see there is that cost is always the leading indicator to price, right, cost leads price. And then, if you take that a step further, the transactional market for price typically leads the contractual market and it will pull it either up or down. The gross margin expanded in Q1 as decrease in price lagged that decrease in cost. If we look at the market indicators it would say that likely the contractual markets would be pulled down by the decreasing or the declines in the spot market. In the past decade, we have seen the change in rate and cost move up about 4% a year on average. Given the markets that we are in, I would expect that the market is going to somewhat fall back to that trend line. It's never linear, but as we think about the Slide nine, I think it would be realistic to expect we are going to get back to that average. Looking at Slide 10, you can see that our spread has been relatively consistent over time, and we still include the gross revenue margin in the appendix in Slide 19, which shows that really they are pretty tightly bound over the last decade. We tend to manage the business, as we have said before, to net revenue dollars per load versus net revenue margin, and we have certainly seen that to be on the high side of average over the course of the first four months of 2019. And we'd expect that as we go through bid season and reprice, that that's going to come back to a more normal range, which is why frankly volume is such an important part of the second half of the year for us.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Bob. The next question is for Scott and comes from Chris Wetherbee with Citi. Personnel expense growth decelerated to the lowest level since 2016. Can you talk about the outlook for growth of this expense category in 2019, and what are your expectations for headcount relative to net revenue growth or volume?
Scott Hagen: Sure. We expect NAST headcount to be flat to down for the year, with a forecast of positive volume growth for the year. Global Forwarding is also expected to be flat to down for the year based on productivity initiatives within that business. Robinson Fresh will likely be down year-over-year basis, with the work done to improve their operating margins. The other business units, IT, and other shared services will likely increase for the year. So, overall, I would expect headcount to be flat to plus or minus 1% for the entire year. The variable components of compensation will be determined on the performance of the business units and the overall enterprise.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Scott. The next question comes from Todd Fowler with Keybanc. Bob, how do you think about acquisitions in the current environment? Please provide an update as to what service lines or geographies are attractive? And would C.H. Robinson consider something on the final mile side or more specific to e-Commerce outside of line haul?
Bob Biesterfeld: So we really like our current approach to M&A. And I mean hopefully it's been a theme that starts to develop here over the course of the last six or seven years or beyond that we really like founder-led businesses that are really healthy, that are a cultural fit, that are profitable, that fit nicely and complement our existing foundational services. We are going to continue to look in the Global Forwarding space as we have for deals that fill in a geographical space for us, with strength and scale or expand our services. Across the entire portfolio, we are looking for really those same characteristics. In terms of the question around final mile and e-Commerce, we are certainly exploring that space. Valuations are extremely high in that space. We really want to be mindful of the short and long-term impact of doing deals in that area, but we are certainly active in looking.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Bob. Todd Fowler of KeyBanc and Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan asked about market share. Bob, please expand on the outlook comments around increasing market share in 2019 and beyond? Is this primarily North American truckload share and measured by volume growth or is this referencing another segment with a different metric for measurement?
Bob Biesterfeld: So, I think part of what excites me about being at Robinson today is, while we are the largest in a number of our services, whether that be LTL or truckload or ocean and transpacific eastbound, we are no more than 3% of the overall market in any one of those spaces. So, we have got tremendous upside for growth regardless of the cycle that we are in. Volume growth and taking share is really important to us across each of our modes and services. But as you know, truckload, LTL, and ocean are really the needle movers for us organizationally and we are certainly focused and taking share in that space, whether it be through new bids, RFPs or growth within existing customers. The other thing that we talk about internally at a macro level is that, in this digital era, the concept of freight under management is a really important metric for us to look at. So Jordan certainly looks at freight under management specific to the Managed Services business. We also look at that across the overall enterprise, because of the value that we are able to gain from the data that we can collect across the global supply chain. And it gives us really an advantage to again address the algorithms and the work that we are doing, so that we can take that data advantage that we accumulate and turn it around and use that to help our customers to solve their most complex supply chain issues. At a more micro-grain, as we think about our account managers and our account teams, they are thinking about share of wallet or addressable market within each one of their customers. So they are actively measuring what that opportunity is at a customer level and working to cross sell all of our core and emerging services into those customers and measuring their share of wallet or their market share growth with the customers that they serve.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Bob. The next question is for Scott from Dave Vernon of Bernstein. How should we be thinking about net revenue growth for this fiscal year, should we be bracing for a slower second half?
Bob Biesterfeld: Well, its, obviously, difficult to predict the future and we do not provide guidance. Our overall comparisons do become more challenging in the second half of the year and we believe volume growth across all of our services will be key to growth in the second half of the year for us.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Scott. The next question for John is from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please compare your viewpoint of this year's freight brokerage conditions relative to other years of this current cycle?
John Wiehoff: I talked earlier about the unique pricing environment and the changes that we have seen over the last couple of years that kind of may make things different. Maybe a few other data points to touch on that, overall, while demand is softening and declining, we would echo the fact that most of the customer reviews that we have been a part of - we are seeing customers that have a fairly positive outlook and do continue to see normal levels of freight activity. Maybe some of the capacity additions, as well as some of the maturity of the ELD implementations and pricing strategies from a year ago, all that's contributing to a more balanced, or more normalized environment currently. Maybe the other thing that bears mentioning, when you think about sort of the overall freight and brokerage environment is that, as we swing back and forth between secular and cyclical topics is that, there is probably never been greater receptivity to the business model and our presence in the marketplace. Our teams are seeing tremendous amounts of opportunities and bids to participate in, our outsourced solutions and integrated offerings are as popular as ever and growing. When you think about some of the competitive threats in the secular changes, it's always good to remember the positive side of that, that the addressable market for third-party logistics and some of the things that we are doing is as big as ever, and it has as much momentum as ever. So, while there are uniqueness’s around volatility, and pricing and some of the regulatory changes, maybe the biggest call out is that we continue to see an ever expanding universe of opportunities around the types of services that we are providing and the types of opportunities that they would apply to in the marketplace.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, John. The next question is for Bob from Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan. Scott Schneeberger asked a similar question. Could you please provide comments on truck brokerage capacity trends and drivers and provide an updated view point of ELD impacts now that the regulation has been in place for over a year?
Bob Biesterfeld: Sure. So, we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we had about 5,000 new carriers join network in the first quarter which is about a 20% increase during the quarter. And if it does seem like the industry has added incremental capacity as well, and it's coming mostly in that small carrier space. In terms of the impact of ELDs kind of a year or so post implementation of ELDs. I think I would describe the environment that I think the bad actors have adjusted and by that, I mean, drivers have accepted the electronic logging devices, particular shippers or lanes that were problematic for the use of ELDs have adjusted their behavior or their expectations as well. And so, in general, it feels as though the market has kind of come back to an equilibrium. They've learned how to work within the new constraints of the electronic logging devices. And it's really not a topic of conversation when we talk to carriers or shippers today to any great lengths. I think, again, if anything, the data and location services associated with ELDs are giving us real opportunities to think differently about matching and data aggregation and location services and providing more real-time information to shippers, as well as communicating with carriers. So in general, we have seen the positive impact to the overall business.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Scott. The next question is for John from Scott Schneeberger on tariffs. Please share your view of the recent U.S. China tariff dynamic and its influence on C.H Robinson's Global Forwarding business?
John Wiehoff: The tariffs are driving probably three specific things, one is really an elevated focus on compliance. So these tariffs have to be calculated and applied properly and to the right things and our team has been very busy working with our customers to make sure that all the tariffs are properly applied and that compliance is in place. I mentioned earlier, the potential acceleration to get some product shipped before those tariffs would apply. So that's been an impact as well. And probably the third leg is just really the longer-term supply chain consultation and planning around will the tariff stick and what long-term impact, will they have on sourcing patterns and shipping patterns for the customers that we are working with. We don't believe at this point that there is been a lot of impact to our volumes, or freight forwarding business based on those long-term redesigns. I think most people are holding their breath and waiting for resolution of what those tariffs might look like on a more permanent basis, but there certainly our discussions and planning exercises going on to what if scenario and think about what the future may look like from a supply chain design standpoint, which could have a very material effect on freight flows and kind of where things move to. We are working to make sure that wherever sourcing origins and international freight moves to that we have capabilities there and that we can evolve with our customers through these issues and challenges, but I would say, those are probably the three main impacts that tariffs have had on our Global Forwarding business to-date.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, John. And our last question is for Bob from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna. Chris Wetherbee asked a similar question. Can you provide an update on your CFO search?
Bob Biesterfeld: Sure. So briefly on that, as expected, we have engaged a search firm in that space. I think we have shared that before. I would describe our process as in the early innings. I feel great about our finance team today, extremely strong leadership and talent going across the entire organization, they are doing really good things. And Scott's doing a great job in the interim. We are evaluating a really diverse slate of talented candidates across multiple industries today, both internally and externally that we think would each bring unique strengths to the next -- to the role of CFO at C.H Robinson. As you guys know, we have got aggressive growth plans and we are going to continue to accelerate the pace of change. So I'm looking for the right leader to partner with me and the rest of the senior leadership team that can help us to do that most effectively.
Bob Houghton: Thanks, Bob. That concludes the Q&A portion of today's earnings call. A replay of today's call will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website at chobinson.com at approximately 11:30 AM, Eastern Time today. If you have additional questions, I can be reached by phone or email. Thank you again for participating in our first quarter 2019 conference call. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Fourth Quarter 2018 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today's presentation, Bob Houghton will facilitate a review of previously submitted questions. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, January 30, 2019. I would now like to turn the conference over to Bob Houghton, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Robert Houghton: Thank you, Donna, and good morning, everyone. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Andy Clarke, Chief Financial Officer; and Bob Biesterfeld, Chief Operating Officer. John, Andy, and Bob will provide commentary on our 2018 fourth quarter and full-year results. Presentation slides that accompany their remarks can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at chrobinson.com. We will follow that with responses to the pre-submitted questions we received after our earnings release yesterday. I'd like to remind you that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. Slide 2 in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management's expectations. And with that, I will turn the call over to John.
John Wiehoff: Thank you, Bob, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining our fourth quarter earnings call. In my opening remarks, I want to highlight some of the headline themes that we'll be discussing with you today. Strength of our business model is the ability to rebalance our portfolio between contractual and spot market freight as market conditions change. In periods of market dislocation we experience higher levels of repricing activity across our portfolio. Then as routing guides perform more effectively and freight costs decelerate, we tend to see our volumes shift more heavily towards contractual business accompanied by net revenue growth and margin expansion. This outcome is clearly reflected in our fourth quarter results. Over an extended freight cycle, we continue to believe that honoring our commitments on contractual freight while also securing spot market capacity is the best way to serve our network of customers and carriers, grow our business, and create value for shareholders. With fluctuating levels of freight demand and carrier supply, significant weather events, and changes in tariff activity and government regulations, the last few years have marked a period of high volatility in the freight market. A critical part of our strategy is to make investments that add value for our customers and carriers, and drive growth for our business regardless of where we are in the freight cycle. We are proud of the strong financial results we delivered in the fourth quarter and full year of 2018 and believe that they are a reflection of our strategy of true cycle investments. Our North American Surface Transportation business did an excellent job of supporting our customers and carriers through a volatile freight market and delivered outstanding results for the year. Our Global Forwarding business delivered strong net revenue growth through a combination of volume increases and pricing adjustments that reflect market conditions while also making investments to drive future growth. Our Robinson Fresh business delivered significantly improved results in the second half of the year and finished the year with net revenue growth and operating margin expansion. With those introductory comments, I'll turn it over to Andy to review our financial statements.
Andrew Clarke: Thank you, John and good morning everyone. I'd like to begin my comments on the financial results by highlighting the fact that Robinson achieved record results across the board. Gross revenues, net revenues, and operating income for both the quarter and the full year were at all-time highs. All three of our reportable segments contributed to the success by growing both net revenues and operating income at a double-digit rate in the fourth quarter. Each segment expanded operating margin significantly in the quarter as well. From a cash flow perspective, we knocked it out of the park generating over $700 million in free cash flow and returning nearly $600 million to our shareholders during the year. Our enterprise platform has been carefully and thoughtfully constructed over many years for both scale and leverage through all types of environments and cycles. We are appropriately proud of this performance. Now, on to Slide 4 and our financial results. Fourth quarter total revenues increased 4.5% to $4.1 billion driven by higher pricing across most transportation service lines. Volume growth in LTL, ocean, and customs and higher fuel cost. Total company net revenues increased $82 million or 13% in the quarter to $714 million. Net revenue growth was led by truckload services up $53 million and LTL services up $12 million. We delivered double-digit net revenue growth in ocean, air, and customs for a combined increase of $15 million in the quarter. Fourth quarter monthly net revenue per business day was up 10%, 11%, and 13% respectively in October, November, and December. Total operating expenses increased $37 million an 8.9% increase versus the prior year period. Personnel expenses increased 8.9% primarily as a result of increases in our performance based compensation that aligns the interest of our employees with our shareholders. Total company average headcount increased slightly in the quarter and slowed sequentially from the 2.6% growth in the third quarter. The fourth quarter included headcount reductions in both Global Forwarding and Robinson Fresh. SG&A expenses were up 8.8% in the quarter to $119 million. The primary drivers were increases in outside professional services, occupancy, and travel and entertainment costs. Total operating income was a record $256 million in the fourth quarter, up 21.2% over last year. Operating margin expanded 240 basis points versus last year and 40 basis points sequentially to 35.8%. Our teams did an excellent job of achieving operating margin leverage in the quarter and the year. This has been and will remain a top priority for our organization. Fourth quarter net income was $187 million, an increase of 22.7%. Our diluted earnings per share was $1.34 in the fourth quarter up from $1.08 last year. Slide 5 covers other income statement items. The fourth quarter effective tax rate was 23.9%, up from 21.1% last year. Recall that the year ago period included one-time tax benefits totaling $31.8 million. For the full year our tax rate was 24.5% and we expect our effective tax rate to be between 24% and 25% again in 2019. As noted throughout the year, we adopted the new accounting standards update for revenue recognition in the first quarter of 2018. As a result, in-transit shipments are now included in our financial results. This policy did not have a material impact on our overall operating results for the year. However, it did significantly decrease gross revenues in our Robinson Fresh sourcing business including a $37 million reduction in the fourth quarter of this year. For the full year, sourcing gross revenues were negatively impacted by $121 million. Fourth quarter interest and other expense totaled $9.5 million, down from $17.5 million last year. Every quarter we are required to revalue our U.S. dollar working capital and cash balances against the functional currency in each country where we conduct business and hold U.S. dollars. The resulting gain or loss is reflected on the income statement. The U.S. dollar strengthened against several of our key currencies this quarter resulting in a $2.4 million gain from currency revaluation. Movements in currency valuations will continue to have an impact on our quarterly net income and we will continue to break out this impact in future quarters. The gain in currency valuation was partially offset by higher interest expense due to higher interest rates, while our overall debt balance was down. Our share count in the quarter was down just over 1% as share repurchases were partially offset by the impact of activity in our equity compensation plans. Turning to Slide 6, we had another strong quarter of cash generation. Cash flow from operations totaled $264 million in the quarter, up 59% versus last year. For the full year, cash flow from operations increased nearly 107% to $793 million. A combination of increased earnings and improved working capital performance drove the fourth quarter and full year improvement. Capital expenditures totaled $14.3 million for the quarter and $63.9 million for the year. In 2019 we expect capital expenditures to be between $80 million and $90 million. The increased spending will be primarily dedicated to technology. Our capital distribution is summarized on Slide 7. We've returned $168 million to shareholders in the quarter through a combination of share repurchases and dividends, a 42% increase versus the prior year period. For the full year we returned $590 million to shareholders, a 28% increase. In 2019 we will continue to evaluate and deploy our capital to add value to our network of customers and carriers and generate returns for our employees and shareholders. We will look to acquire quality companies that fit our strategies, business model and culture, and we will continue to reward our shareholders through buybacks and dividends. Now, on to the balance sheet on Slide 8. Working capital increased 12% versus the prior year period, driven by higher gross revenues and the resulting increase in accounts receivables. The contract assets and accrued transportation expense lines on the balance sheet primarily reflect in-transit activity in accordance with the adoption of revenue recognition. Our debt balance at the quarter was $1.35 billion. Across our credit facility, private placement debt, accounts receivable securitization and senior notes, our weighted average interest rate was 4% in the quarter. Slide 9 captures our full-year financial performance. We delivered double-digit growth in net revenues and operating income and a 100 basis point improvement in operating margin. Strong operating profit performance combined with improved working capital and the benefits of corporate tax reform drove a 32.5% increase in our earnings per share. Once again it bears mentioning, 2018 net revenues, operating income, earnings per share, and cash flow from operations all represent record levels of performance for C.H. Robinson. I'd like to congratulate all of our teams across the globe on your outstanding performance in 2018. Our great results this year reflect our focus on profitable growth and our vigorous efforts to grow our business while maintaining strong operational excellence. I'll wrap up my comments this morning with a look at our current trends. Our consistent practice is to share the per business day comparison of net revenues and volume. January 2019 global net revenues per business day have increased approximately 9% and North American truckload volumes have increased approximately 3%. As we look ahead to the balance of the first quarter, we wanted to highlight an item from our 2018 first quarter results. Driven by the tight truckload market last year we saw sequential acceleration in our net revenue growth during the first quarter of 2018. Last year net revenue per business day increased 7%, 12%, and 12% respectively in January, February, and March. Additionally, the 2019 first quarter has one last business day versus the first quarter of 2018. Thank you all for joining us this morning. We appreciate you all listening. I will now turn it over to Bob to provide additional context on our segment performance.
Robert Biesterfeld, Jr.: Thanks Andy, and good morning everyone. I'll begin my remarks this morning on our operating segment performance by highlighting the rapidly changing nature of the logistics market. On Slide 11, the light and dark blue lines represent the percent change in North America truckload rate per mile billed to our customers and cost per mile paid to our contract carriers net of fuel costs since 2008. As a reminder, North America truckload includes both NAST and Robinson Fresh truckload. The grey line represents our net revenue margin for all transportation services. The rate of growth in North America truckload price per mile and cost per mile continued to moderate this quarter including a modest decline in truckload cost per mile versus the prior year. We benefited from the shift towards contractual volume in a decelerating cost environment in the fourth quarter leading to 110 basis point sequential improvement in transportation net revenue margin from the third quarter. Our net revenue margin expands and contracts with changes in the freight cycle tending to expand when costs moderate. Despite the high level of rate and cost volatility, as well as other secular market factors, our average net revenue margin has remained relatively consistent over time. One of the metrics we use to measure market conditions is the truckload routing guide depth from our Managed Services business which represents roughly $4 billion dollars in freight under management. In the fourth quarter, the average routing guide depth of tender was 1.4 representing that on average the first or second carrier in a shipper's routing guide was executing the shipment in most cases. This representation of routing guide performance is reflective of a more balanced market. Moving to Slide 12, this graph shows North America truckload average price per mile billed to customers and cost per mile paid to our carriers net of fuel since 2010 and represents the underlying data from the previous slide. We've excluded the actual price per mile and cost per mile scale to protect our proprietary data. The absolute price per mile and cost per mile moderated versus last quarter. However, both metrics remain well above levels we've seen over much of the current decade. While the Managed Services routing guide depth of 1.4 reflects a more balanced market, it appears that in general routing guides have reset at higher pricing and are functioning more effectively. This chart also shows that since 2010 we've continued to adjust our pricing in response to changes in marketplace conditions. We have generally maintained a consistent spread between price and cost even in periods of high volatility in the freight market. On average both customer pricing and carrier costs have increased roughly 3% annually over this time period. Turning to Slide 13 and our North America Surface Transportation business, fourth quarter NAST net revenues increased 13.5% to $471 million, led by double-digit growth in our truckload, less than truckload, and intermodal services. A combination of higher contractual prices and moderating freight costs in the fourth quarter drove the 110 basis point expansion in net revenue margin despite a roughly 35 basis point headwind from higher fuel costs. Led by higher pricing, our truckload net revenues increased 13% to $344 million in the quarter. The successful repricing of our contractual business during 2018 has rebalanced our portfolio leading towards more contractual freight with an approximate mix of 65% contractual and 35% transactional volume in the fourth quarter versus a 50-50 mix in the year ago period. NAST truckload volume declined modestly in the quarter down 1.5% as our repricing activity led to roughly 45% reduction in our negative loads associated with contractual shipments and returned our negative load percentage to a more typical level. We continue to add new carriers to our network, driving continued expansion of the largest fleet of motor carriers in North America while simultaneously brining new capacity solutions to life for our customers. We added roughly 4,800 new carriers in the fourth quarter which is a 30% increase over last year's fourth quarter. Our less than truck load business delivered another quarter of great performance with net revenues increasing 11.5% to $112 million. This represents our fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit net revenue growth. We delivered a high single-digit increase in pricing driven by the continued expansion of pricing tools that enable us to react faster to changes in the LTL. LTL volumes increased 2% in the quarter driven by continued growth in manufacturing and e-commerce. Through our common carrier services offerings and our consolidation of products, we continue to gain scale and market share in the LTL segment. In our intermodal business fourth quarter net revenues increased 76.4% versus the year ago period which included elevated repositioning charges. We remain committed to our intermodal business as it enables us to offer our customers the most comprehensive service line offerings in the logistics industry. Slide 14 outlines our NAST operating income performance. Fourth quarter operating income increased 16.9% to $211 million. Operating margin of 44.8% improved 130 basis points led by net revenue growth. This strong performance includes the impact of higher variable compensation expenses. Our fourth quarter operating margin also improved 90 basis points sequentially. Our fourth quarter results reflect the benefits of our continued investments in technology. We are leveraging advanced algorithms and the scale of our data advantage to further improve our ability to profitably match shipper demand and carrier supply across our network. We are also driving productivity improvements to automate interactions with our customers and our carriers and improve our internal workflows. These investments enabled us to deliver growth in both net revenues and expand our operating margin in the fourth quarter. For the full year, our NAST business delivered outstanding performance. Net revenues increased 17.3% including double-digit growth in our truckload, LTL and intermodal service lines despite headcount that grew less than half a percent. Operating margin expanded 210 basis points including the impact of increased variable compensation expense driven by our strong performance. In 2019 we plan to accelerate our digital transformation efforts and technology investments to make our processes even more efficient and our employees even more productive, while continuing to deliver more benefits to our network of customers and carriers. Turning to Slide 15 and our Global Forwarding business, fourth quarter Global Forwarding net revenues increased 11.6% to $143 million. We lapped our acquisition of Milgram & Company in Canada in the third quarter, so our fourth quarter net revenue performance reflects pure organic growth from a comparability standpoint. In our ocean service line we returned to net revenue growth as expected, driven by a combination of pricing reflective of the current market conditions and a robust sales pipeline. Ocean net revenues increased 12.4% in the quarter including a 7.5% increase in shipment volumes. Fourth quarter air net revenues increased 9.3% as a shift in customer mix was partially offset by a 3% decline in shipments. Customs net revenues increased 12.4% in the quarter while transactions increased approximately 4.5% in the fourth quarter as we continue to expand our customs presence around the world. In our conversations with carriers and global shippers, companies continue to plan for tariff activity and potential implications to the redesign of global supply chains. Our Global Forwarding business is actively engaged with customers to help them understand and quantify the impacts of both the enacted and potential future tariffs. The current set of tariffs in place has not had a significant impact on our Global Forwarding financial results. Given our broad portfolio of service offerings and our strong presence in key markets, such as Southeast Asia and India we believe we are well positioned to help our customers continue to win in an ever changing global trade environment. Slide 16 outlines our Global Forwarding operating income performance. Fourth quarter operating income increased 76.9% to $30 million. Operating margin of 20.9% increased 770 basis points versus last year, but by higher net revenues and a modest decline in headcount. For the full-year we are pleased with the top line growth of our Global Forwarding business. We grew volume in our ocean, air, and customs service lines and generated double-digit growth in Global Forwarding net revenues. Looking forward, we continue to see significant opportunities to drive scale and geographic reach in this segment. At the same time we've realized that we have opportunities to drive even greater efficiency as we grow this business. So we're focused on operating margin expansion through additional technology deployment and intelligent process automation. Over the long-term we remain confident that we will deliver operating margin performance consistent with other leading companies in the Global Forwarding segment. Transitioning to Slide 17 and our Robinson Fresh segment, sourcing net revenues were $25 million down 8.2% from last year. Case volumes declined 6.5% driven by a combination of lower levels of promotional activity at our retail customers and lower restaurant traffic at our foodservice customers. The revenue recognition policy change negatively impacted sourcing total revenues by approximately $37 million in the quarter. There was no impact to net revenue. Transportation net revenues grew 45.9% to over $39 million led by a double-digit increase in truckload. The improvements in Robinson Fresh transportation results are directly related to the repricing activities that took place throughout 2018. Slide 18 outlines our Robinson Fresh operating income performance. Fourth quarter operating income grew by 53.5% to nearly $20 million. Operating margin of 30.8% improved 700 basis points led by higher net revenues in the transportation business and a 5% reduction in headcount. Through a combination of pricing reflective of market conditions, operating expense controls, and investments to improve operational efficiency, our Robinson Fresh team generated improved results in the second half of 2018 and for the full year delivered both growth in net revenues and operating income along with 190 basis points of operating margin expansion. Moving to our All Other and corporate businesses on Slide 19, as a reminder All Other includes our Managed Services business, Surface Transportation outside of North America, other miscellaneous revenues and unallocated corporate expenses. Managed Services net revenues increased 10.9% to $20 million in the quarter driven by a combination of selling additional services to our existing customers and new customer wins. Freight under management increased 2% in the quarter to over $1.3 billion, and freight under management for the full year increased 9% to plus $4 billion. Customers continue to value our transportation management system offering which allows them to manage their carrier selection process and complex supply chains without the required fixed investment in people or technology. Our sales pipeline in the Managed Services business remains very robust and we expect continued growth in this business in 2019. Other surface transportation net revenues declined 7.3% in the quarter to $15 million, as pricing declines were partially offset by a mid-single-digit increase in volume. We have a very strong pipeline of new business in our Europe Surface Transportation. Before I turn the call back to John for some final comments, I'll take a minute to wrap up the section on our operating performance. Our outstanding results reflect our continued ability to help our network of customers and carriers, navigate a rapidly changing freight market and provide solutions that accelerate commerce in their businesses. In both the fourth quarter and the full year we delivered strong growth in net revenues and expansion in both net revenue margin and operating margin. We also significantly increased our cash from operations and cash return to shareholders. I am very pleased with our fourth quarter and our full-year financial results. As we turn to 2019 we remain committed to our operating plans that we've been implementing across our businesses. We will continue to leverage our comprehensive offering of services and capabilities to deliver logistics expertise to our customers and carriers and we will accelerate our digital transformation with investments in technology to deliver actionable intelligence and supply chain capabilities to the over 200,000 companies that conduct business on our global platform. I remain confident that we'll continue to deliver industry-leading capabilities for our customers and our carriers, to provide more rewarding career opportunities for our employees, and to generate strong returns to our shareholders. Thank you for listening this morning and at this point I'll turn the call back to John.
John Wiehoff: Thank you, Bob. I am going to wrap up our prepared remarks with a few final comments. Let me start by sharing a few data points on what we are seeing currently in the marketplace. As stated, we do see evidence of a more balanced freight market. Routing guide depths are now more consistent with a balanced freight market and our truckload shipments have moved back to our typical more contractually weighted mix. The significant price increases of 2018 have moderated and while it is uncertain what the remainder of 2019 will bring, we are in a more balanced situation today. Tariffs and changes in global trade agreements remain a big uncertainty for many of our customers. We do believe there were modest amounts of advanced shipping and inventory buildup in 2018. The U.S. economy continues to grow and our customers are generally planning for steady to increased freight volumes. While our markets are more balanced at the moment, the potential for further changes remains high. Our core go-to-market strategy has always been to help our customers understand and adapt to the market conditions. We focus on managing through the cyclical changes in the market while investing in our capabilities for the future. 2018 was a year of excellent financial performance for Robinson. We generated record levels of revenues and operating income, earnings per share and cash from operations. But more importantly, we continue to invest in our people, processes, and technology for the future. Our team, our culture and our platform are real competitive advantages that are getting stronger every day. We feel great about our future and our continuing ability to create value for all of our stakeholders. That concludes our prepared comments and with that I'll turn it back to the operator so that we can answer the submitted questions.
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Houghton the floor is now yours for the question-and-answer session.
Robert Houghton: Thank you, Donna. First, I would like to thank the many analysts and investors for taking the time to submit questions after our earnings release yesterday. For today's Q&A session, I will frame up the question and then turn it over to John, Andy or Bob for a response. Our first question comes from several analysts. Bob, after a very strong 2018 year-over-year comparisons clearly get more challenging as we move through 2019. Can you speak to the levers that you intend to pull to help drive NAST net revenue growth in 2019 given evidence of a balanced freight market?
Robert Biesterfeld, Jr.: Yes, absolutely. So we're definitely feeling a more balanced market in 2019 when compared to the prior year. As we've stated in the past, we tend to look at net revenue dollars on a per load or per shipment basis as a more important internal metric than absolutely net revenue margin. So we know for the first half of 2018 our net revenue dollars per load were pretty close to our historical average and those really expanded throughout the second half of the year as cost started to moderate. So for our success in 2019 is going to come from continuing to take market share through increasing truckload and LTL volumes on a year-over-year basis, as well as continuing to stay focused on our initiatives around cost control and driving further efficiency into our business model. Volume growth will be key for us throughout the year, but even more so and in the second half. Fortunately for us, we've only got 3% market share today in NAST and we've got a really large and aggressive sales force that's committed to driving growth in 2019 by continuing to add value to our customers and carriers in these market conditions. Now I've said a lot of the past several years, but our focus is really not to go ditch to ditch between the focus on net revenue per load and load volume, but to continue to pursue that balanced growth strategy over the long term and throughout cycles.
Robert Houghton: Thanks Bob. The next question comes from Jack Atkins with Stephens.
Jack Atkins: Andy, looking back to the last time we were in balanced market, 2016 and early 2017, your net operating margin peaked in the second quarter of 2016 and then declined pretty significantly over the next several quarters. Would you expect net revenue to grow faster than operating expenses in 2019?
Andrew Clarke: Thanks Jack for the question. The short answer is, our stated goal and objective is always to grow net revenue faster than operating expenses. That's at the enterprise level, but also at the divisional levels. When you when you reference a balanced market I know you're speaking specifically to the truckload market and let's go back and revisit that and the difference which by the way is truckload is 55% of our net revenue today and it's growing and it's great and we're very pleased with it. But in that market I would say that there were two differences primarily are different than today and the first is GDP was lower and the second is pricing and cost were lower. So today and at that point it's pure arithmetic where the cost and the price lower today GDP is higher and the pricing and the costs are higher. So if you look at those lines we produced in the published report on our earnings that they're higher, that the relative difference hasn't really materially changed. And so, we think about those levers particularly with the NAST we think that continuing to grow net revenue in excess of our expenses is clearly achievable. You then layer in some of the other services that we've added over the last five, six years, you think about LTL, you think about Global Forwarding, both of those businesses have doubled in that time. And in doing so, we've added more of a secular growth story to the Robinson enterprise and Robinson platform. And in doing that we've made investments and clearly as you saw in the fourth quarter a lot of those investments began to pay off. And so we're really pleased with those results and we do expect and it's our stated goal and it is how we're all compensated is to grow net revenues in excess of our operating expenses.
Robert Houghton: Thanks Andy. The next question is for John and is from Ben Hartford of Robert W. Baird. Jack Atkins with Stephens asked a similar question.
Ben Hartford: What are 2019 contractual pricing growth expectations, have they softened from the low single digit outlook provided on the third quarter earnings call?
John Wiehoff: So in our committed biz in the low single digit comment was relevant to truckload, so I'm assuming that's where the question is at. But with regards to our contractual bidding, whenever you go through a period of time where there is meaningful change in the spot market, you're going to start to see some of that show up in the sentiment around the contracts and the committed rates. Over the months of December and January there have been some meaningful softening and reductions in some of the spot market and that will start to show up in the attitudes and the outcomes of the bids and the committed relationships. I think low single digits is probably still a good center of gravity. Maybe a quarter ago people were saying low to mid single digits and that's more or what we were seeing, now more common low to flat, low single digits to flat, so some of the softening in the pricing is showing up in the committed activity. It's a pretty rapidly changing market. As we shared in our prepared comments there's a lot of different factors that are continuing to impact those bid arrangements and a lot of potential for change, but today probably the low single digits is still a good center of gravity in terms of expectations around committed pricing.
Robert Houghton: Thanks John. The next question is for Bob. Todd Fowler with KeyBanc asked.
Todd Fowler: With respect to the outlook commentary indicating that continued investments in technology will help achieve the 2019 objectives of top line growth and operating margin expansion, could you comment on how you see technology impacting 2019 and beyond? Are there costs associated with these investments that tail off in the future and if so how much?
Robert Biesterfeld, Jr.: Yes, thanks Todd. We expect that our CapEx run rate will increase to about $80 million to $90 million in 2019 and with that really our total expense related to IT investment for next year is planned to increase to well over $200 million. So while we're really proud of the foundation we've built within our Navisphere technology platform and our ability to provide customers and carriers with unrivaled and actionable intelligence about their businesses, the further investments that we're going to make in technology will really be focused on ensuring that we're providing best-in-class user centric technology. We're providing technology that enables even more frictionless transactions, leveraging more effectively advanced analytics and data science and that doesn't just apply to truckload, but really applies across all of our services. We want to make sure that our e-team has the appropriate resources that they need to accelerate the speed to value so that they can take the great ideas from our people and from our customers and bring those to life even faster for our clients and create value for all of our stakeholders. So in terms of the step up in CapEx, I'd expect that to be pretty consistent for the next several years.
Robert Houghton: Thanks Bob. The next question is also for Bob from Chris Wetherbee of Citi.
Chris Wetherbee: Fourth quarter marked the second consecutive quarter of solid operating margin expansion. Can you help provide color on the broader trends in the cost structure? Is it being driven by more automated transactions and direct load matching? And are there other initiatives and what level do you think operating margins can move to over time?
Robert Biesterfeld, Jr.: I'm really bullish on our ability to both drive net revenue growth and operating margin expansion in the coming year as much as Andy said. Automating transactions and direct load matching are certainly part of the reason why operating margin has expanded and why we believe the opportunity to continue to expand operating margin, but it's really only part of the story. And the act of matching capacity to demand is really a small part of the overall Freightquote cash cycle that our clients ask us to manage for them and we're focused on creating value and reducing cost at each step of that cycle. So we're investing in the area of direct load matching. We're also rolling out the tools that help us to accept the right freights based upon predictions of outcomes, more effectively manage exceptions, and we're leveraging tech in new ways across all of our reporting segments that remove the unnecessary steps out of our operational processes and we're investing in tech and process improvement to enhance our sales force, both the sales force effectiveness and the sales force efficiency as well as back office functions such as collections and billing, imaging and the like which has a positive impact. Digital freight matching is clearly gaining most of the headlines today. We feel like we're in a great place in that space, but our focus is going to continue to be from Freightquote to cash and in simple a sense it's about winning more freight, executing at a lower cost and maintaining or improving our industry leading operating margins.
Robert Houghton: Thanks Bob The next question for Andy comes from Todd Fowler.
Todd Fowler: What’s your view as normalized net operating margins for NAST and Global Forwarding, what factors within your control contribute to your ability to improve net operating margins over time?
Andrew Clarke: Yes, several years ago I made the decision to go to reportable segments and in doing so we broke out NAST and Global Forwarding and Robinson Fresh on their individual performances. Now we have four years of data for you all to lookout. And over that period of time I would break NAST and both Global Forwarding into two components and the first vote is net revenue. And NAST net revenue will be median net revenue margin percentage of NAST has been 16.4% over those last four years with a standard deviation [ph] of a 120 basis points and that includes the cosmetic impact of fuel, but also the substitution impact of LTL which tends to have a higher net revenue margin percentage. And so, we would say that that net revenue margin has been relatively consistent and it's been in that mid double digits for a long period of time and we would expect it to continue to be in that. And so, then you go to – and to a large degree, there is a cyclical element of that as Bob mentioned earlier making a lot of investments on the IT and the business side to help us make smarter decisions, both for our customers on the pricing side, but also our carriers on the cost side. In doing so we think that we can continue to move the needle a bit on the net revenue margins. On the operating margin side, again the same figures over the last four years. NAST operating margins, the median has been about 43.5%. And if you knock out the high highs and the high lows a standard deviation [ph] of that has been 160 basis points. And we talk about making investments in a through cycle environment. And so, fortunately for us we have the ability, as Bob mentioned earlier, to give our IT people the resources to make investments despite the fact there are periods of time if they go back to the net revenue number where in fact the net revenue has been below the median for a period of time, we're still making investments. And as a result, you see the commensurate impact on the operating margin percentage. But the good news is, when we come out the other side, the operating margin expands. And so, to a large degree, that's where we're really focusing our efforts. And again as Bob and both Bob and John mentioned, we're going to continue to make those investments, we're going to continue to be more efficient and more effective as we go to market. The Global Forwarding story is yet another interesting one. As I mentioned earlier, it's doubled in the last four or five years. We continue and have made significant investments in that part of our business and today it’s continuing to grow and be an important part of our go-to-market with our customers. Their median net revenue margins have been 22.8%, again with a standard deviation of about 180 basis points. On the operating margin side, the median has been about just under 21% and again knocking out the high highs and the low lows, you got about a 280 basis point standard deviation on the operating margin. You have to then add back or include what I would say we talk about the investments we've made on the cash amortization, that's anywhere from 6% to 8%. So think about the operating margin of 21%, we believe that those are on a cash basis in the high 20, low 30s. Now on a relative basis, it's less mature than our NAST business and so we would expect both the net revenue margins on Global Forwarding as well as the operating margins given the investments that we've made to continue to expand both in the NAST and the Global Forwarding. 
Robert Houghton: Thanks Andy. The next question is also for Andy from Matt Young with Morningstar. Jason Seidl with Cowen and Company also asked a similar question.
Matthew Young: A few upstart digital freight brokers appear to be gaining some traction in the truck brokerage space at least from a gross revenue standpoint. Could you talk about what you're noticing if anything in the marketplace from these providers?
Andrew Clarke: Yes, I think it's appropriate that the first talk about and start off by answering that question and kind of really telling the story of our platform and then maybe begin to talk about what others are talking about what they're doing. And so, Robinson is a digital leader in the logistics space and it's a big, and it's a growing space, but we've been in it the longest. Bob mentioned we're spending as much if not more than anybody else. We're connecting over 200,000 companies around the globe through that Navisphere technology platform. We’re executing truckload, LTL, intermodal, ocean, air, customs, managed services, parcel and other services with over $20 billion in freight under management. 100% of our shipments are executed on the Navisphere platform. And again, why does that benefit? The benefit is obviously to our customers. They have one source of truth, but why does it benefit our carriers, it allows them to go to one place to get access to all of their information. And so, we believe in that one platform. And so we're going to continue to invest in it. And while it's a big and really we're the largest, I wouldn't say that anybody could go out there and claim to have conquered logistics despite the fact that there are many people out there with that, there are many people out there with press releases. There are many people that are out there selling a story of how much they might have raised in a particular round, it's a big space and we're going to continue to lead in that. Where we are seeing some of these competitors, digital competitors that you might have mentioned are really - we see them and select us because we have over 120,000 customers. And I say if you canvassed all of them, there's probably a 119,000 of those customers that aren't or haven't been doing business with the digital upstart. Now, there are 17,000 brokers, truckload brokers, freight brokers in North America right now, if you think about where that exists in the globe there is multiples of that as well. And so we have had and will always have competition in the marketplace and to a large degree everybody is talking about technology. Our go-to-market has been and will continue to be our people, our process, and our technology. We believe that those three tenets are core to how we're going to continue to successfully grow our business, solve the complex global logistics needs of our customers, be a strategic provider to our carriers whether they be located in North America, whether they be located in Europe, Asia, Latin America. And so, we're pretty comfortable and pretty confident in our technology story, particularly vis-à-vis the startups.
Robert Houghton: Thanks Andy. The next question for John comes from several analysts.
Unidentified Analyst: How much business is currently under spot versus contract and do you think there will be a shift back to the spot market in 2019?
Andrew Clarke: We are today in our truckload business back to that more typical mix of having more committed or contractual activity, probably two-thirds or one-third, about 65%, 35% with more of that being committed or contracted today. With regards to where will it go in 2019 and it's just more difficult than ever to predict, but a few thoughts around that. I guess coming off of 2018, where we showed on our charts double digit price increases over a short period of time and that being higher than anything that you see historically on any of those charts, those price increases were in part driven by some regulatory changes around ELV implementations and all of the carrier network changes that accompany those implementations, we don't see anything on the horizon that is that significant. There's no pending rule changes or anything that would suggest that that type of spot market activity or price increases won't happen again in the short term. As I commented earlier, there has been some deceleration of pricing in the spot market and some opportunity where maybe the committed rates are softening a little bit and could drive some shippers to explore more spot market opportunities to take advantage of lower prices if that's where it sustains. So while we don't see anything big on the horizon that would drive it back to the spot market, kind of another factor to consider is that over the last decade as shippers have automated their supply chains and carriers have automated and tightened their network around how they run their capacity, there is less slack in the overall system which has led to more volatility and more greater price changes. So while there's nothing big on the horizon that caused the price increases in 2018, the overall environment is predisposed towards faster changes and greater impacts that could result in more freight going back to the spot market if we see a meaningful change in the overall demand.
Robert Houghton: Thanks John. The next question for Bob comes from Matt Young with Morningstar.
Matthew Young: Could you provide some additional color on NAST efforts in terms of running more truckload transactions through a mobile platform along with a rough idea of the magnitude of adoption among C. H. Robinson shippers and carriers?
Robert Biesterfeld, Jr.: Sure. So a core cannon of our go-to-market strategy has always been to really meet our customers and carriers, how and where they want to buy. So our focus has been less on moving transactions to mobile as it has been around just really being focused on driving towards those frictionless transactions, we've based upon the preferences of our customers and our carriers. So a couple of examples, if a customer wants to integrate their ERP in our Navisphere, we just want to ensure that we're the easiest supply chain platform to connect to and extend our platform into their ERP. If a customer wants to use the Navisphere platform to place orders or track shipments or get exception notifications, we want to ensure that we can provide that information via web or mobile in a means that serves their needs in the fastest most user friendly way. Another example of a carrier prefers to work in their native CMS versus in Navisphere, again we try to connect to their native CMS, ensure that they've got visibility to our freight and make it easier for us to connect to them. Specific to mobile, in general we've seen the carrier community much more active in the mobile space than on the customer side. In terms of rough orders of magnitude today we capture about 55% of our truckload events in an automated fashion and much of that coming from mobile and we've got tens of thousands of active users every single day on the Navisphere carrier, both mobile and web platforms as well as the customer, primarily web platform. Another example, our Book It Now [ph] feature, our Navisphere carrier continues to gain broader acceptance amongst the carrier community and we see more and more carriers taking advantage of the ability to come online either via the web or app and self serve by themselves book freight. On the customer side, we see relatively low adoption of mobile as the primary means for communication and ETI [ph] really continues to be the preferred method of electronic integration with the customers.
Robert Houghton: Thanks Bob. The next question is also for Bob from Ben Hartford of Robert W. Baird. Todd flower of Key Banc and Jason Seidl of Cowen and Company also asked similar questions.
Ben Hartford: What are NAST and overall headcount growth plans for 2019?
Robert Biesterfeld, Jr.: In the simplest sense over the long term, we expect volume to grow at a rate ahead of our headcount growth. I made this commitment at our 2017 Investor Day relative to NAST and I believed that that formula still has application across our business in total. Over the past couple of years the mix of our job families has continued to evolve and as we continue to grow - really grow through some of the roles that are more task oriented, it allows us to improve productivity there and keep headcount relatively flat in some of those areas, and we'll continue to add more specialized skills and more customer facing people to drive growth and innovation in our workforce. Our headcount growth moderated in the fourth quarter and our focus in 2019 and beyond is to continue to layer in that technology and process automation, so that our people can be even more effective which should further moderate headcount growth moving forward.
Robert Houghton: Thanks Bob. Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley asked about personal expenses. Tom Wadewitz with UBS also asked a similar question.
Ravi Shanker: Andy, what’s your personal expense growth to be below net revenue growth?
Andrew Clarke: Well, again we talk about the operating leverage of our model and we've been pretty clear about how it does work and in fact 2018 is a great example of [indiscernible] in the fourth quarter, which I'll address shortly, but also for the full year if you think about it we added pretty significant net revenue during the entire year. But relative to last year headcount was relatively flat and in fact in certain cases with Global Forwarding and Robinson Fresh it was down. If you think about how they were able to grow their business, those two particular divisions with less headcount, we're pretty pleased with as Bob was talking about just before, the leverage that is inherent in our company and our platform. As it relates to the fourth quarter, again just think about how much net revenue we additionally we drove during the quarter over $84 million. The bulk of the increase in the fourth quarter personnel expenses are related to performance based pay, both in terms of cash compensation as well as equity. So if you think about the headcount, again relatively flat on a Q4 versus Q4 basis, but because we performed so much more, a lot of that variable expense went up which obviously I think alliances we talk about the interests of our employees with the interests of our shareholders very well, and that's the beauty and that's how our models always work throughout different cycles.
Robert Houghton: Thanks Andy. The next question for John on tariffs came from several analysts.
Unidentified Analyst: Have you seen any impact in your forwarding business from the tariffs from both the U.S. and China or the political economic unrest in Europe? We have heard other large international logistics and retail companies mention both of these as headwinds in 2019, curious if you are seeing an impact and what your outlook is for forwarding in 2019 given these overhangs?
John Wiehoff: Yes, we've been growing our Global Forwarding business the last five years by taking market share in the number of corridors around the world and we do continue to believe that we're going to be successful doing that in 2019 as well. The primary impact to date or and in the year 2018 was the processes around implementing and collecting the increased tariffs, as well as some modest increase and shipment activities probably nearer or at the end of the year to try to accelerate some of the activities to get in before year end or get in before tariffs. There's still so much remaining uncertainty around where those trade negotiations in Asia and Europe will both land. So beyond the minor impacts that we had to our business in 2018 all of the discussion around supply chain strategy, where will your suppliers be, will shippers have to move out of China into other places in Asia, those communications are going on and the planning is accelerating as we speak. So there is high potential for greater changes in routing, greater changes in sourcing areas for a lot of our customers, but we haven't seen a lot of that activity to date. We've mentioned in the past and continue to invest in expanding and scaling our Global Forwarding network precisely for reasons like this, that if customers do end up making decisions that these tariffs and supply chain changes are going to be permanent and move their sourcing locations, we're confident that we'll be able to move with them and that we have capabilities in other parts of the world that will be able to continue to go after that market share and grow our business regardless of where the trade negotiations land.
Robert Houghton: Thanks John. The next question is for Andy from several analysts.
Unidentified Analyst: Why did the annual increase in cash from operations up $409 million significantly exceed growth in annual net income up $160 million, what were the drivers?
Andrew Clarke: Yes, 2018 was a fantastic year for us from a cash flow from operations and obviously you got net income up 160, but Bob mentioned earlier the investments that we're making on the Freightquote cash, but there's also the ordinary cash and once it becomes an order across the organization from the business to support from financial operations, driving down that order to cash cycle. And so, if you think about the decrease on a year-over-year basis and the need for spending that on working capital, the largest contributor of that came from the effort there and that's why we're making a lot of investments on digitalization, that's why we're making a lot of investments in standardization, streamlining that part of the organization, so that we would expect to continue to see improvements in that area.
Robert Houghton: Thanks. The next question is also for Andy from Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Ken Hoexter with Bank of America Merrill Lynch asked a similar question.
Ken Hoexter: With the truckload spot market rolling over on a year-over-year basis, how would you expect net revenue margins to trend as 2019 progresses?
Andrew Clarke: I think years back to kind of what we talked about earlier on the net revenue margins, dollar percentages is largely a function of arithmetic. And so, if you look at one of the slides that we have in the earnings deck and that’s the relative change we talk about how those cycles tend to go in three to four to five quarter periods where cost is always the leader. When costs rise or fall pricing tends to follow that. We solved that through a balanced period and we talked about that earlier and when it begins to tip over and costs go down, price tends to lag there, which does have a positive impact on the margins, but on a relative basis you see that the pricing cost numbers on a sanitized, the numbers are reported are at an elevated level. And so, there is a balancing impact of fuel, balancing impact of the numerator or denominator simply being higher, but overall when costs begin to decrease it does tend to have a positive impact on our truckload margins. We've made a lot of investments, Bob mentioned earlier on the LTL side to be smarter on the pricing and the cost side, and so we would continue to expect to drive secular margin expansion in other parts of our business as well.
Robert Houghton: Thanks Andy. The next question is for Bob from [indiscernible] from Bloomberg. Brian [indiscernible] with J.P. Morgan asked a similar question. If the implementation of precision schedule routing in the east, drive the 13% decline in Intermodal volume, if not what was the driver?
Robert Biesterfeld, Jr.: So we don't believe that PSR has had a broad impact on our Intermodal volumes for the quarter, nor we expected to. We have seen examples where lane cancellations have either eliminated Intermodal options altogether or new routings have created drainage [ph] inefficiencies which has made the routing more cost effective using truckload which could potentially benefit us. In terms of our volume decline for the quarter was really driven by less spot market opportunity and truckload intermodal conversion as well as lower than expected West Coast volumes when compared to the peak season of last year.
Robert Houghton: Thanks Bob. Andy, Todd Fowler of KeyBanc and Tom Wadewitz with UBS asked about M&A.
Thomas Wadewitz: Please provide an update on potential acquisition opportunities, both service line and geographies and if you feel anything is imminent in 2019.
Andrew Clarke: Well, I'm going to talk about the first one in terms of that the potential acquisition opportunities we have and will continue to be an active participant in the M&A environment. We look at transactions every day that are complimentary to both our service line, whether that be NAST, whether that be our Global Forwarding or Robinson Fresh, but we also look at it in terms of geographical expansion and go back and talk about how it made investments over the last several years in Global Forwarding, we continue to make investments in NAST as we did with the acquisition of Freightquote and those are pretty much part of our standard routine as it relates to assisting and enabling our rather strong organic strategy, growth strategy that we have in place. And so I wouldn’t say that there is anything materially different as to how we're looking about it. I would say that it continues to be a robust environment for well run organizations. We are very selective in the acquisitions that not only we look at but also execute upon, and so they have to meet a rather stringent criteria, both in terms of strategy, culture and business model. And then of course financial returns are very important to how we view and evaluate those opportunities. And so, I wouldn't say that there's anything materially different in 2019 of our strategy versus, what it's been over the last several years.
Robert Houghton: Thanks Andy. That concludes the Q&A portion of today's earnings call. A replay of today's call will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website at chrobinson.com at approximately 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time today. If you have additional questions, I can be reached via phone or email. Thank you again for participating in our fourth quarter 2018 conference call. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr. - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Third Quarter 2018 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today's presentation, Bob Houghton will facilitate a review of previously submitted questions. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, October 31, year 2018. I would now like to turn the conference over to Bob Houghton, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thank you, Donna, and good morning, everyone. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Andy Clarke, Chief Financial Officer; and Bob Biesterfeld, Chief Operating Officer and President of North American Surface Transportation. John, Andy, and Bob will provide commentary on our 2018 third quarter results. Presentation slides that accompany their remarks can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at chrobinson.com. We will follow that with responses to the pre-submitted questions we received after our earnings release yesterday. I'd like to remind you that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. Slide 2 in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management's expectations. And with that, I will turn the call over to John.
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our third quarter earnings call. In my opening remarks, I want to highlight some of the themes we'll be discussing with you today. First, we are pleased with our financial results this quarter. Truckload volume trends improved sequentially, and we delivered volume growth in many of our service lines. We generated another quarter of double-digit increases in both net revenue and operating income and a 270 basis point increase in operating income margin. This strong operating profit performance, combined with improved working capital performance and the benefits of U.S. tax reform, enabled us to generate significant increases in cash flow from operations and cash returns to shareholders in the quarter. Andy and Bob will provide additional context on our financial performance in their prepared remarks. We experienced double-digit cost and price increases across most of our service lines. In our North American truckload business, the rate of increase in cost and price did moderate a bit in the quarter, however, pricing still increased 14% versus last year. Our higher prices reflect a combination of spot market activity above year-ago levels and pricing reflective of market conditions across the majority of our business portfolio. Truckload price increases modestly outpaced carrier cost increases, leading to a 50 basis point increase in total company net revenue margin in the quarter. In periods of market dislocation, we experience higher levels of repricing activity across our portfolio. As freight costs decelerate, we typically see our volumes shift more heavily towards contractual business accompanied by net revenue growth and margin expansion. This outcome is reflected in our third quarter results and highlights the strength of our business model. Our business model allows us to effectively serve customers with committed annual pricing arrangements as well as those who prefer more fluid spot market pricing. We continue to believe managing this mix of pricing commitments is the best way to both serve our customers and grow our business. With those introductory comments I'll turn it over to Andy to review our financial statements.
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. During the third quarter, we've achieved record levels of net revenue and operating income and drove significant expansion in operating income margin. In our North American Surface Transportation business, we delivered double-digit net revenue growth and a 380 basis point improvement in operating margin. Additionally, our Robinson Fresh team generated impressive growth in operating income and operating margin, despite a challenging fresh produce environment. Our great results in this quarter reflect our ongoing efforts to profitably expand our business through a focus on growth, while maintaining strong operational excellence. Now onto slide 4 and our financial results; third quarter total revenues increased 13.4% to $4.3 billion. These increases were driven by higher pricing across all transportation service lines, volume growth in LTL and Global Forwarding, and higher fuel cost. Total company net revenues increased over $100 million or 16.9% in the quarter to $694 million. Net revenue growth was led by truckload services up $78 million and LTL services up $21 million. We continue to see the benefits of our investments in air and customs service lives where combined net revenues increased over $10 million in the quarter. Total operating expenses increased $49 million, a 12.2% increase versus the prior-year period. Personnel expenses increased 14.4% primarily as a result of increases in variable compensation that reflect our improved financial performance. We believe performance-based pay is the best way to align the interest of our employees with our shareholders. Total company average head count increased 2.6% in the quarter, led by increases to support growth opportunities in Global Forwarding, which was partially offset by declining head count in Robinson Fresh. Sequentially, our head count decreased by approximately 1% from the second quarter of this year. SG&A expenses were up 6.2% in the quarter to $113 million, primarily driven by increases in purchased services and occupancy cost. These were partially offset by a decrease in equipment rental and maintenance and insurance expenses. Total operating income was $246 million in the third quarter, up 26.5% over last year. Operating income as a percentage of net revenues was 35.4%, up 270 basis points versus last year's third quarter and 280 basis points sequentially. Our teams did an excellent job of achieving operating margin leverage in the quarter, and this remains a top priority in the fourth quarter and into 2019. Third quarter net income was $176 million, an increase of 47.6%. These results include a $16.9 million benefit from the U.S. Tax Reform Act passed in December of 2017. Our diluted earnings per share was $1.25 in the third quarter, up from $0.85 last year. Slide 5 covers other incomes impacting net income. The third quarter effective tax rate was 26.5%, down from 35.2% last year. The lower tax rate was driven primarily by the reduction in the U.S. corporate tax rate. Our year-to-date tax rate was 24.7% and we continue to expect our effective tax rate to be between 24% and 25% for the full year. As previously noted, we adopted the new Accounting Standards Update for revenue recognition in the first quarter of this year. As a result, in-transit shipments are now included in our financial results. We do not expect this policy to have a material impact on our overall operating results for the year. However, it does significantly decrease gross revenues in our Robinson Fresh sourcing business, including a $29 million reduction in the third quarter of this year. Third quarter interest and other expense totaled $6.5 million, down from $10.5 million last year. Every quarter we are required to revalue our U.S. dollar working capital and cash balances against the functional currency in each country where we conduct business and hold U.S. dollars. The resulting gain or loss is reflected on the income statement. The U.S. dollar continued to strengthen this quarter as it has all year against several of our key currencies, most notably the Chinese RMB resulting in a $7 million gain from currency revaluation. Movements in currency valuations will have an impact on our quarterly net income and we will continue to break out the impact of our foreign currency revaluation in future quarters. The gain in currency valuation was partially offset by higher interest expense due to increased debt levels and higher variable interest rates. Our share count in the quarter was down nearly 1% as share repurchases were partially offset by the impact of activity in our equity compensation plans. Turning to slide 6, we had a very strong quarter for cash generation. Cash flow from operations totaled over $220 million in the third quarter, up 223% versus last year. For the nine months of this year, cash flow from operations increased 142% to $529 million. A combination of improved working capital performance and increased earnings drove the third quarter and year-to-date cash flow improvement. Capital expenditures totaled $19.5 million for the quarter. For the full year, we continue to expect capital expenditures of $60 million to $70 million with the majority dedicated to technology. Our capital distribution is summarized on slide 7. We returned $151 million to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and dividends in the quarter, a 19% increase versus the year-ago period. Year-to-date, we have returned nearly $422 million to shareholders, a 24% increase. Moving forward, we will continue to evaluate and deploy our capital in ways that add value to our network of customers and carriers and generate returns for our employees and shareholders. Additionally, we will acquire companies that fit our strategy, business model and culture, and we will reward our shareholders through buyback and dividends. Now onto the balance sheet on slide 8; working capital increased 12.4% versus the fourth quarter of 2017, driven by higher gross revenues and the resulting increase in accounts receivables. The contract assets and accrued transportation expense line items on the balance sheet primarily reflect in-transit activity in accordance with the adoption of the revenue recognition policy. The increase in accounts payable reflect higher purchased transportation costs. Our debt balance at quarter-end was approximately $1.3 billion. Across our credit facility, private placement debt, AR securitization and senior notes, our weighted average interest rate was 4% in the quarter. On October 25, we completed an increase in our revolving credit facility from $900 million to $1 billion and extended the maturity date to October of 2023. The amend and extend of our credit facility as part of our normal course of business to optimize our capital structure and provides us with additional flexibility to invest in our business, to fund acquisitions and return cash to shareholders. I will wrap up my comments this morning with a look at our current trends. Our consistent practice is to share the per business day comparison of net revenues and volume. This October has one additional business day versus the prior year, translating to one additional business day for the fourth quarter. October 2018 global net revenues per business day have increased approximately 9%. October North America truckload volume has decreased approximately 2%. As we look ahead to the balance of the fourth quarter, we wanted to highlight a couple of items from our 2017 fourth quarter results. Driven by the impact of the two hurricanes in 2017, we saw sequential acceleration of our net revenues from 6.3% in the third quarter to 12.5% in the fourth quarter of 2017. Our 2017 net revenue per business day increased 10% in October, 13% in November, and 14% in December. We also had two non-recurring tax items which lowered our 2017 fourth quarter provision for income tax by $31.8 million. We appreciate you all listening this morning and I'll now turn over to Bob to provide additional context on our segment performance.
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr. - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thank you, Andy. Good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to have the opportunity to speak with all of you today and to provide an update on our operating segment performance. I'd like to begin my remarks by highlighting the cyclical and ever-changing nature of the logistics market. On slide 10, the light- and dark-blue lines represent the percent change in North America truckload rate per mile charged to our customers and cost per mile paid to our contract carriers, net of fuel costs since 2008. The gray line represents our net revenue margin for all transportation services. While the rate of growth in North America truckload price per mile and cost per mile declined sequentially during the quarter, both rates and cost increased at a double-digit pace this quarter versus the third quarter of last year. You can also see within the graph that despite the high level of volatility in the freight market, we are able to maintain our margins over time and generate margin improvement when costs moderate. Our third quarter transportation net revenue margin of 16.6% increased 40 basis points sequentially from the second quarter of 2018. One of the metrics we use to measure market conditions is the truckload routing guide depth from our Managed Services business. In the third quarter, average routing guide depth of tender was 1.7, representing that on average the second carrier in a shipper's routing guide was executing the shipment. And while routing guide depth did moderate sequentially versus the second quarter, we remain above the average truckload routing guide depth experienced in a balanced market. Costs remained above year-ago levels, up 12% in the third quarter, excluding the impact of fuel. In our contractual business, we have pricing in place reflective of the current environment, and at the same time we continue to help our customers secure capacity within the spot market. Turning to slide 11, this graph shows North American truckload average price per mile received from our customers and cost per mile paid to our carriers since 2010 and represents the underlying data from the previous slide. We've excluded the actual price per mile and cost per mile scale on this slide to protect our proprietary data. While the year-over-year change in price and cost moderated versus last quarter, the absolute price per mile and cost per mile remain above year-ago levels. The chart on the slide also shows that since 2010 we've continued to adjust our pricing in response to changes in marketplace conditions. We've generally maintained a consistent spread between price and cost even in high inflation periods. Despite significant levels of volatility in the freight market, both customer and carrier costs have increased at roughly 3% annually over this time period. Turning to slide 12 and our North America Surface Transportation (sic) [North American Surface Transportation] (00:16:25) business. The increase in NAST net revenues accelerated in the third quarter, up 23.3% to $466 million in the quarter, led by double-digit growth in our truckload, less-than-truckload, and intermodal services. A combination of higher contractual prices and a sequential decline in freight costs in the third quarter drove a 60 basis point expansion in net revenue margin, despite a 50 basis point headwind from higher fuel costs. Led by higher pricing across our portfolio, our truckload net revenues increased 25.5% to $335 million for the quarter. Truckload volume trends continued to improve sequentially, declining just 0.5% in the third quarter. The successful repricing of our contractual portfolio over the last couple of quarters resulted in an approximate mix of 60% contractual and 40% transactional volume for the quarter versus a 55% contractual and 45% transactional mix last quarter. Additionally, we further closed our volume gap versus industry benchmarks in the third quarter. Over the longer term, our goal remains balanced growth and market share gains within our NAST truckload business. Our sequential volume improvement is aided by the continued addition of new carriers to our network. The implementation of electronic logging devices has not slowed our rate of new carrier adoption. In fact, we added roughly 5,000 new carriers in the third quarter, a 40% increase over last year's third quarter and a 14% sequential improvement versus last quarter. These carriers moved over 20,000 loads for us in the quarter. This is the largest number of new carriers that we've added in any single quarter in our history. Carriers continue to choose C.H. Robinson as the 3PL of choice for securing freight and optimizing their networks, while the addition of thousands of motor carriers every quarter allows us to bring new capacity solutions to life for our customers. Our less-than-truckload business delivered another quarter with strong performance, with net revenues increasing 19.6% to $117 million. We delivered a double-digit increase in pricing, driven by continued tight capacity in the LTL segment and the expansion of our pricing tools that enable us to react faster to changes in the market. LTL volumes increased 4.5% in the quarter, driven by growth in manufacturing and ecommerce. We continue to gain meaningful scale in the LTL segment of the market, both within our common carrier model as well as within our consolidation of product. This quarter represents the fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit net revenue growth. Today, we're significantly larger than our nearest LTL broker competitors in terms of both revenue and volume, and we'd rank as a top 10 domestic LTL carrier, despite the fact that we don't own a single truck. And at 17% of overall company net revenues with net revenue margins above the company average, our NAST LTL business is an increasingly important part of our service line portfolio at C.H. Robinson. In our intermodal service line, net revenues increased 10.8% in the quarter, as a 6% decline in volume was more than offset by higher pricing and improved customer mix. Slide 13 outlines our NAST operating income performance. Third quarter operating income increased 34.9% to $204 million. Operating margin improved 380 basis points to 43.9% and improved 160 basis points sequentially. This strong performance includes the impact of higher variable compensation expense. As Andy mentioned, we believe performance-based pay is the best way to align employee and shareholder interest and this increase in variable performance-based pay is reflected in our strong NAST operating profit results in the quarter. Our performance reflects continued progress against the efficiency and productivity initiatives in our NAST business, as we continue to transform our network and evolve our go-to-market strategies. Investments in technology are improving our ability to effectively match the demand of shippers and the supply of carriers via advanced algorithms, further automating transactions across our network between customers and carriers. We were able to deliver another quarter of double-digit gains in net revenues, sequential improved truckload volume, and increased LTL volumes against flat head count. We expect NAST head count to be flat to down modestly for the full year. Our digital transformation efforts are accelerating, and we'll continue to invest in technology that improves the efficiency of our processes, impacts the productivity of our employees, and benefits our customers. Turning to slide 14 and our Global Forwarding business; Global Forwarding net revenues increased 3.3% to $134 million in the quarter. Our acquisition of Milgram & Company in Canada contributed approximately 3 percentage points to the growth in the quarter. As a reminder, we completed the acquisition of Milgram on August 31 of last year. So, the third quarter of 2017 did include one month of Milgram results. For the quarter, ocean net revenues decreased 7.9% versus the year-ago period, where we demonstrated strong growth and net revenues increased 44%. Across the ocean segment, ecommerce growth and the potential of expanded tariffs drove increased shipment volumes as customers built increasing levels of inventory. The resulting tightness in capacity drove a greater-than-expected increase in ocean freight costs leading to the net revenue decline on a per shipment basis in the quarter. The year-ago comparison also included a non-recurring ocean freight project. This was partially offset by Milgram contributing approximately 2 percentage points of net revenue growth to the ocean service line. Our ocean shipments increased 7% in the quarter through a combination of existing customer growth and new business wins. Through a combination of pricing adjustments to reflect current market conditions and a strong sales pipeline, we expect to return to ocean net revenue growth in the fourth quarter. Third quarter air net revenues increased 17.7%, with Milgram contributing approximately 1 percentage point to that growth. Air shipments increased approximately 7% in the quarter as we continued to benefit from the investments we've made to grow volume and density in our air gateway cities. Customs net revenues increased 33.8% in the quarter, with Milgram contributing 12 percentage points to that growth. Customs transactions increased approximately 20% in the third quarter, as we continue to execute our strategy of broadening our service portfolio and expanding our customs presence across the globe. Slide 15 outlines our Global Forwarding operating income performance. Third quarter operating income decreased 23.4% to $23.8 million. Operating margin declined 620 basis points year-over-year to 17.8%. Operating expenses increased 12% in the quarter, driven primarily by a 9% increase in head count and higher variable compensation expense. Milgram accounted for approximately 5 percentage points of the head count growth. Headcount has declined 1% on a sequential basis and is now down sequentially from the beginning of the year. Looking forward, we'll continue to be focused on the significant top line growth opportunities in front of us, but we'll also be focused on operating margin expansion through additional technology deployment and process automation. Over the long term, we remain confident that we will deliver operating margin performance consistent with other leading companies in the Global Forwarding segment of the market. Transitioning to slide 16 and our Robinson Fresh segment, sourcing net revenues were $25 million, down 15.4% from last year. Case volumes declined 9.5%, driven by a combination of a strategic customer exiting the fresh produce business, lower levels of customer promotional activity at retail, and lower restaurant traffic within our food service customers. The hard enforcement of the ELD mandate has had a greater impact on the temperature controlled and multi-stop loads that are common in the fresh produce business. This has led to higher purchased transportation costs that also contributed to the net revenue decline within our product business. The revenue recognition policy change negatively impacted sourcing total revenues by approximately $29 million, but there was no impact to net revenues. Robinson Fresh transportation net revenues grew 43.6% to $35 million, led by strong double-digit increases in both truckload and LTL service lines. The improvements in Robinson Fresh transportation results are directly related to the repricing activities that took place in the first half of 2018. As we've discussed in the past, the Robinson Fresh transportation business tends to have a larger percent of their customer portfolio concentrated in contractual business when compared to our NAST truckload business. Slide 17 outlines our Robinson Fresh operating income performance. Third quarter operating income grew 84.8% to $21.4 million. Operating margin improved by over 1,400 basis points to 35.5%, aided by higher net revenues in the transport business. At the same time, a combination of stringent operating expense controls, investments in technology to improve our operational efficiency, and exiting certain facilities within our network drove an approximate 6% reduction in head count and a 9% reduction in total operating expenses. Moving to our All Other and Corporate businesses on slide 18; as a reminder, All Other includes our Managed Services business, Surface Transportation outside of North America, other miscellaneous revenues and unallocated corporate expenses. Managed Services net revenue increased 8.6% to $20.1 million in the quarter, driven by a combination of selling additional services to existing customers, new customer wins, and growth in our existing services. Our sales pipeline in the Managed Services business is stronger than ever. Freight under management increased 2% in the quarter to over $900 million, and we're on track to hit our goal of nearly $4 billion in freight under management for the full year of 2018. Customers continue to value Navisphere, our proprietary transportation management system, which allows them to control their carrier selection process and manage their complex supply chains without a fixed investment in technology or human capital. Other Surface Transportation net revenues increased 1% in the quarter to $14 million. We've got a strong pipeline of new business in our Europe Surface Transportation, and we expect volume trends to improve in the fourth quarter. Before I turn the call back to John for some final comments, I'll take a minute to wrap up this section on our business unit performance. We delivered another quarter of strong business results, with improving volume trends, double-digit growth in net revenues, and accelerating expansion of both net revenue margins and operating margin. We tripled our cash from operations and significantly increased our returns to shareholders. I'm pleased with our third quarter financial performance. I'm also excited by the opportunities that lie ahead of us. We'll continue to make investments in our people, our processes and our technology to improve the efficiency of our operations and expand our comprehensive offering of logistics services and capabilities to our customers and our carriers. We'll stay focused on driving innovation via investments in emerging technology and advanced analytics to continue to transform how we add value to our global ecosystem of over 200,000 customers, carriers, and vendors. I remain confident that we'll continue to deliver industry-leading capabilities to our customers and carriers and strong returns to our shareholders. Thank you for listening this morning, and at this point I'll turn the call back to John.
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Bob. Before we move on to the pre-submitted questions, I'll wrap up our prepared remarks with a few final comments. We understand there are a lot of questions and analysis around where we are in the transportation cycle, so we wanted to summarize some of the key metrics that we've shared to assess that question. First, as we covered in our pricing chart, while we did see a deceleration in the rate of growth in cost per mile and price per mile, absolute cost and price remain meaningfully above year-ago levels. Second, we discussed the shift in our truckload business mix towards more committed volume. Third, routing guide depth moderated slightly versus last quarter, so routing guides are functioning more efficiently at levels of higher demand and higher prices. Fourth, our U.S. GDP did increase 3.5% in the third quarter, reflecting a continued increase in overall business activity. And lastly, in our business review, shippers are generally planning for continued growth of freight volumes in 2019. Markets can change quickly, but that's a quick recap of some of the key metrics around what we are seeing in the current market conditions. Regardless of the freight environment, we focus on building long-term committed relationships with shippers around the world and fulfilling spot market opportunities when they become available. We provide an expanding set of insights and capabilities that increase the value of the supply chain expertise we deliver to our customers and carriers, and we focus on operating cost efficiency, driving higher levels of productivity and increasing returns to our shareholders. The strength of this business model is reflected in our third quarter financial performance. Tariff activity is escalating. In our conversations with carriers and global shippers, companies are increasingly planning for the ramifications of tariffs activity and demand implications in the redesign of global supply chains. We are actively engaged in conversations with our customers to help them understand and quantify the impacts of both enacted and potential future tariffs. The current set of tariffs in place has not had a material impact on our financial results, and given our broad portfolio of service line offerings and strong presence in key markets like Southeast Asia and India, we believe we are well positioned to help our customers win in an ever-changing global trade environment. Lastly, I want to personally thank the over 15,000 C.H. Robinson employees around the world for their outstanding efforts and execution this quarter. In a fast-changing freight environment, we delivered double-digit growth in net revenues, operating profit, and earnings per share, and accelerating expansion in operating margin. We returned $151 million to shareholders in the quarter and delivered a significant improvement in our operating cash flow. At the same time, we continued to invest in the digital transformation that enables us to deliver increased value to our customers, carriers, employees, and shareholders. We delivered another quarter of strong operating results, and I'm confident we have the right people, processes, and technology to continue to win in the marketplace in the future. That concludes our prepared comments and, with that, I will turn it back to the operator so we can answer the pre-submitted questions.
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Houghton, the floor is now yours for the question-and-answer session.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thank you, Donna. First, I would like to thank the many analysts and investors for taking the time to submit questions after our earnings release yesterday. For today's Q&A session, I will frame up the question and then turn it over to John, Andy, or Bob for a response. And the first question comes from Chris Wetherbee with Citi. Jason Seidl of Cowen & Company and Tom Wadewitz with UBS also asked similar questions. Andy, can you break down the 9% net revenue growth in October between NAST, Global Forwarding, and Fresh?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Yeah. I think given the variability that we saw by segments in both the third quarter and thus far in October, we thought it would be helpful to break out October-to-date performance by each of those reportable segments. So, NAST is up approximately 12% per business day thus far in October, Global Forwarding is up approximately 2% thus far, and Robinson Fresh is up approximately 12% as well, and that would be categorized as continued strength, as Bob mentioned, in the transportation business, which has offset that continued softness in our sourcing business.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. The next question comes from Jack Atkins with Stephens. Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley also asked a similar question. John, can you provide your updated view on the overall freight environment? Are you seeing any signs of slowing economic activity in 2018? And given your market share, would be curious to get your thoughts on the market into 2019.
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: In the wrap-up of the prepared comments, we hit on a few of the metrics that kind of summarized the view that we do see demand remaining fairly strong. In that supply and demand relationship, demand is the more volatile part of the equation. So, when we're thinking about how the market may move and what's going to happen in the fourth quarter or next year around that supply and demand relationship, demand does become the harder part to predict. There's less conversation about it already, but when you look back on 2018 and think about the supply and demand relationship, that hours of service impact in the beginning of the year did end up changing a lot of the routing and a lot of the pricing across the capacity that really did add some added strain into that supply and demand relationship. So, again, demand is the more volatile part of the equation, supply is adjusting. 2018 was probably impacted more significantly just because of all the changes in the supply side around hours of service, but from all the metrics that we see with route guides and overall economic growth and the anecdotal customer reviews that we're a part of, we do see a continued strong demand at this point.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. The next question is for Bob and is also from Jack Atkins of Stephens. Brandon Oglenski with Barclays and Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer asked similar questions. C.H. Robinson has done a great job in improving productivity in the NAST segment over the last 12 months. Are there more levers to pull to extract more leverage in the model? And as a follow-up, as volume growth re-accelerates, will you need to increase head count, or will further productivity gains help?
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr. - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: So, at our Investor Day last year I talked about how NAST was really in the early stages of our journey to improving productivity and into the digital transformation of our business. Since that time, we've continued to introduce and institutionalize more digital processes that have really helped to drive efficiency for our customers, for our carriers, and for our employees. And also, since that time we've introduced digital freight matching and the ability for our carriers to now self-book loads in a frictionless environment, both online and through our mobile application. We've more than doubled the automated truckload events that flow through our system, and we really continue to extend that electronic ecosystem to shippers, carriers, and suppliers within the supply chain. We've also then focused internally in terms of digitalizing our processes there and taking unnecessary steps out of the work that our people do. So, I've talked about the digitalization of our customer journeys in the past, we're making headway there. In short, we think there is a lot more leverage in our NAST model and we anticipate head count remaining flattish, while we continue to pursue market share gains across all of our services.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Bob. The next question is for John. Several analysts asked what are your expectations for contract pricing in 2019. Lapping the strong increases from this year, do you see a scenario where contract rates are up mid-single digits again next year, or does that seem too optimistic?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Our best sense of the contract pricing at this time is kind of what we'd characterize the range as low to mid-single digits, so maybe the mid-single digits question would be the high end of the range of what we're seeing. I would remind you again, maybe very obvious, but it's an incredibly fragmented market. We don't have an overall company tariff or pricing target. For us, whatever contracted price average we achieve, it's the blend of tens of thousands of lanes and a lot of mixture that comes together. We've said throughout the year and still believe that a lot of the price increase and dislocation from this year was somewhat of a makeup from a couple of years of price declines that you see on the chart that is in our deck that Bob talked you through. So, that coupled with some of the dislocation and efficiency around hours of service, we believe that a lot of the extraordinary price increases this year were more a function of some of those factors. As demand continues to remain strong as I've mentioned in the previous question and supply continues to adjust, we do feel that low- to mid-single-digit increases in committed pricing for 2019 is a reasonable estimate at this point.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. The next question for Andy is from Chris Wetherbee of Citi and Matt Russell of Goldman Sachs. What drove the accelerated operating leverage in the third quarter from an operating margin standpoint and is that sustainable in the fourth quarter?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: We've talked at length on these calls and in our investor presentations about how, as a company, we make investments in our people and our process and our technology throughout all the different economic cycles. So, when you think back to 2015 when margins were expanding, we were making investments in all of those areas and we had leverage in the model. We hit a bit of a challenging economic cycle in the end of 2016 and the beginning 2017, and we continue to make those investments. And clearly, we were confident that those investments would show both positive results as well as leverage. It did have a bit of a challenge, though, on our results, and as we came into the latter part of 2017 and then all of 2018, we've been very consistent about those investments and yet, here we are today with a 270 basis point improvement on a year-over-year basis, 110 of that came from personnel, despite the fact that we have more people today which is great and 160 basis point improvement in our SG&A. And, again, I think that just speaks to the power of the work that our people are doing out there every day and the leverage that they bring to the organization. As far as what our expectations are, I would say given the backdrop what we see out there today, we expect for continued leverage in our results as we go into the latter part of the year.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. The next question for Bob comes from Matt Young with Morningstar. Is the acceleration in year-over-year NAST gross margin expansion more a function of contract pricing gains or an incremental softening in spot rates?
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr. - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: As John said, in the back half of last year we really saw unprecedented increases in the cost of capacity that was tied to a number of factors, including the pending implementation of ELDs as well as the disruption caused by the weather events. Those events, coupled with continued tight capacity into 2018, really moved the market up and drove the need to increase customer pricing to ensure that freight continued to move in the marketplace. We continue to reprice contractual bids throughout each quarter of the year, and so we're reading where we see those markets and making our forward-looking commitments to our customers. So, I think that drives some of the sequential improvement in pricing year-over-year, in pricing and gross margin. Specific to pricing and where we're at today, we believe that we're really well positioned in our contractual portfolio for where we are at in the cycle and we continue to manage the spot market business to meet the needs of both customers and carriers.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Bob. The next question is for Andy. Todd Fowler with KeyBanc asked, comment on the strength in cash from operations during the quarter. Is there more opportunity to improve working capital?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Yeah. We're really pleased with the cash flow generation year-to-date at Robinson, and if you look at that one line, the cash flow from operations, it's up over $300 million. The biggest of the factors that impacted that, the biggest one was obviously net income which was up $120 million on a year-to-date basis. But the second biggest driver has been our focus on the working capital. And, again, if you think about on a year-to-date basis, the net benefit of the working capital change was over $70 million versus last year. So, pretty strong effort on all of our teams in terms of driving order to cash. And so, sticking with that theme, that is a key focus for us for the remainder of 2018 and into 2019. And we're going to look to continue to improve on those results.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. The next question for Bob comes from Bruce Chan with Stifel. In the third quarter, you added 5,000 new carriers. Is that solely due to your efforts? Is that symptomatic of increasing capacity in the marketplace? Or is that conversion of company drivers and exclusive owner-operators as they see more opportunity in the brokered market?
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr. - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: So, it's difficult to answer this question with 100% certainty, but the answer probably has components of each of those factors in it. We do put a lot of effort into attracting new carriers to the Robinson and Navisphere platform. We feel really good about the affinity programs that we offer carriers, how we provide them earlier access to freight and the fact that we do have the largest network of freight in North America. And when we talk to our carriers, they tell us that they appreciate the dedicated account management that we provide them, unique customer solutions that they're able to participate in, and they find that our investments in technology really help them to run more effective and efficient businesses. So, I can't give you 100% confidence as to why we added 5,000 carriers over the course of the quarter. I can offer that even in an environment where there's more competition from other companies looking to add capacity in the small carrier segment, we continue to see more carriers choosing Robinson. And those carriers are doing more business with us in a more automated manner than they ever have in the past.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Bob. The next question for John comes from Ben Hartford with Robert W. Baird. Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan also asked a similar question. What do you believe drove the moderation in spot truckload pricing during the third quarter of 2018? Has incremental supply been added to the space? Or is it simply a moderation in activity following record second quarter levels? And any initial thoughts on the industry's supply/demand balance looking into 2019?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: When you drill into the supply and demand relationship and look at the spot market versus committed metrics, maybe a basic reminder is that in that spot market component of it, there's probably two main feeders of it, right? In any given year, you have planned freight or committed freight that all shippers would be working through and a certain amount that you can't plan for either because it's more seasonal or it's more fragmented. Or oftentimes you'll have incremental shipments than maybe what you've planned for, and that's where excess demand would really drive increments to the spot market. The other big feeder of the spot market is committed freight relationships that don't execute, where the freight falls all the way through the route guide and for pricing reasons or service reasons doesn't get executed. I think most of the metrics show that a lot of the spot market increase came from the fact that with these price adjustments, route guides were failing at a higher rate and that the committed freight relationships were breaking down. So, while we had these meaningful price increases – there is a strong economy and probably some demand in excess of overall planned levels, but the transitions of pricing and the changes in the committed route guide are probably the key thing that is causing the spot market to settle down as route guides perform more efficiently at higher price levels and the market comes back a little bit more into longer-term balance of committed and spot blends.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. The next question is for Bob. Several analysts have asked how does Robinson prioritize volume growth versus pricing growth in North America truckload into 2019. Which of these levers should drive the bulk of your revenue growth? And how confident are you in your ability to profitably gain share in a more balanced truckload market?
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr. - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: So, clearly, volume and pricing are the two main levers that can drive the truckload results, and we consistently talk internally about the theme of balanced growth. Within our office network, we're constantly talking about how we drive balanced growth in our organization. And we also are tuning our pricing algorithms and our tools to help achieve that. Looking at 2019, we expect to grow truckload volume on a year-over-year basis. There's no question the past several quarters have been volatile. Pricing and costs have moved at unprecedented levels. And we've worked to be balanced between honoring our contractual commitments and managing spot market activities as routing guides have been disrupted. Looking back at the past several years, many of which have been "balanced," we've demonstrated the ability to consistently grow volume and earnings, and we expect that to continue into the future. So, we're really confident in our ability to adjust to market conditions, as we depicted in the earlier slides in the deck that showed both rate and cost over time and the impact to our gross transportation margins.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Bob. Todd Fowler of KeyBanc and Matt Russell of Goldman Sachs asked about M&A. Andy, what are areas of strategic focus for the company from an acquisition standpoint, both from a service offering and geographic perspective? And how do valuations currently look?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Yeah, thanks. We continue to evaluate multiple opportunities both in North America and Europe across several different service lines, most of which we're already into, to one degree or another. I think if you look historically at what we've done, we've done a good job of growing our business both organically and augmenting it with acquisitions where it made sense, and Milgram being the most recent one. Valuations have been healthy for some time, but we've always paid fair value for well-run organizations. That's been something that I think – if you think about how we've done acquisitions, we've really looked at and sought well-run organizations to bring into our organization because culture really does matter. And as far as what we see going forward, I think it'll be interesting of what valuations do, particularly if you think about the number of PE-led deals that are out there, as interest rates continue to rise, we're obviously watching closely the impact, if any, it'll have on those buyers and what they're willing to pay.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. The next question for John is from Fadi Chamoun of Bank of Montreal on volumes. While your truckload volume trends are improving, they are still down versus last year. Can you help us make sense of the continued volume declines in truckload?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: I think the answer here kind of piles onto Bob's messages around balanced growth over time. We certainly understand that over a longer period of time, over many years, the real foundation of value creation at Robinson is market share gains and expanding our volumes and growing those shipper relationships. Along that journey of balanced growth, we always have and still today optimize our performance around net revenue. It's the blend of volume and margin and returns to shareholders that we focus on. And I understand that in other environments, a pure growth model or different metrics around constantly chasing share would make you go after growth in all environments. But we still believe that the right way to balance our stakeholders and to create returns for our shareholders is to balance that growth. And when you think about at times 20% year-over-year price increases and a lot of committed customer relationships where we're sourcing that capacity mostly transactionally, it's not unexpected that we would live through a pretty heavy transition of repricing and rebalancing that portfolio this year that would result in shedding of some volume. So, we feel pretty good about the results this year. We feel good about the transition that we're living through, and we understand that over a long period of time, continuing to demonstrate that we are able to gain market share and grow our business is at the core of that value creation.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks. The next question is also for John from Jack Atkins of Stephens. How are you guys thinking about freight flows in early 2019 as the 25% tariffs go into effect in January? Have your customers said anything about pulling freight forward at the end of this year?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: We mentioned a few comments around the tariffs. I would characterize this last quarter as things moving from, wow, do you think those will really happen and kind of planning for what tariffs might mean to pretty broad-based acceptance that they're likely going to happen. I mean some of them are obviously already in place, but the more meaningful ones that are coming, what we're seeing across that shipper and carrier base is much more meaningful planning to enact them. So, yes, on conversation about accelerating any amounts that you can, I don't know how much flexibility, it kind of varies by product or by shipper as to how much more you can actually produce or import prior to the tariffs taking impact. But that's certainly one lever. Maybe the most significant theme around planning for tariffs that we've heard is sort of the acceleration of long-range plans in global supply chains. Many shippers had existing strategies or plans to migrate more of their sourcing to lower-cost regions, particularly across Asia, so maybe moving out of China to Vietnam or other low-cost regions in South Asia or India. So, we have been working with shippers for a while at a much more gradual pace on different sourcing transitions like that and probably, again, the most prevalent theme is just really the acceleration of some of those plans. We think we're in a pretty good spot to help those customers that are able to do that around moving their sourcing patterns to other parts of the world, and so we're optimistic that we can work through that. Probably the scenario that often gets mentioned where maybe everybody loses is if the trade wars just deteriorate into recessions or in lost volumes and declines. Obviously, that's probably not good for either of the economies or for those of us that are making a living off of moving it around. So, right now as we've said a couple of times, overall demand remains strong and we're generally preparing for change much like we were a year ago on the domestic side with ELDs and the pending rules. We know that there's going to be some change and we're going to do the best that we can to get our customers through it and to grow our business as well.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. Now to Bob, a number of analysts asked about head count. Please provide some color around head count expectations for the fourth quarter of 2018 and into 2019.
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr. - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: So, relative to NAST, Global Forwarding, and Robinson Fresh, the expectation is that over time we're going to grow volume ahead of head count growth, and we're continuing to be focused on digital transformation of those businesses and redefining how and where we get work done. When we think about Europe and we think about Managed Services, they may be at a little bit different point in their growth curves, and we would expect that head count there is going to more closely mirror volume and revenue growth. So, I guess the way that I'd think about this is if you look back in the past and you saw when we were a $10 billion company, we had 10,000 people, at a $15 billion company we had 15,000 people. As we look forward to being a $20 billion company, $25 billion company, the expectation is that we're not going to be at 20,000 people or 25,000 – 20,000 people at $20 billion or 25,000 people at $25 billion. We expect that head count growth to moderate and us to really grow through the head count that we have given the work that we're doing. The other thing that I would add is that the makeup of our workforce continues to change and evolve. We've got fewer people pointed at task-oriented work and more people really focused on knowledge work, which changes the capacity of the workforce to execute the business that we have.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks. The next question is also for Bob from Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please discuss some of C.H. Robinson's internal technology advancements, particularly relating to automated freight brokerage.
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr. - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: So, we're really excited about the position of technology today and where we're at at Robinson. We've got a great team of over 900 IT professionals around the globe and we've got new leadership with our CTO Mike Neill. And we continue to attract and add great external talent in a really challenging IT labor market. We're also proud of the people that we've developed and promoted internally as well. So, we're delivering a lot of new innovation and a lot of new products every day. For us, the agile has really evolved from being a way that we develop software to really how we think about managing business and bringing teams together across the enterprise. As I've said in previous comments, we're really committed to this digital experience across our customers, our carriers, and our employees. And that's really where we're investing our IT dollars today. Related to the specific question of automated truck brokerage, that is a functionality that we have live today within our Navisphere platform in North America. So, we've got carriers every day automatically booking loads through our mobile application or through the web in a complete frictionless environment. So, we're pretty excited about that. Carriers appreciate that ability and customers really appreciate the fully automated experience that they have with the Navisphere platform providing them frictionless transactions and real-time visibility to their inventory in motion. We've got over 40,000 users per day between our web and mobile applications that are managing their supply chains and finding efficiency in their businesses. So, we feel really good about the IT innovation, development, and the life cycle of our products and where we're at in that today.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Bob. Andy, a number of analysts have asked about the ocean and air markets. What are the expected market conditions for air freight and ocean freight in the fourth quarter of 2018? How is this year's peak shaping up relative to last year?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Yeah, I think our characterization of, from a macro perspective, both on the air and the ocean, it's a healthy market. It's been healthy this year, it's been healthy thus far in Q4. And we always talk about how the crystal ball is a bit cloudy. We don't see anything out there that would change our characterization of a healthy peak market, both in the air and ocean. I think I'd use this opportunity, though, to maybe expand a little bit around as it relates to us. So, if you think about ocean net revenues being down, well, pricing and volume were both up in the ocean, so the gross revenues were up. We're continuing to grow that business. I think much like what happened in air last year, ocean got pinched because the carriers started taking up rates in advance. As customers started moving more volumes, carriers took up the rates, underlying rates, and I think much like we did with the air market, we got that corrected. And I think our talented Global Forwarding team will continue to correct rates to customers that are reflective of what happened with carriers. On the air side, again, versus last year, we're seeing it as more balanced in our business on both the supply and demand. So, we feel really confident in the work that our team is doing. And, like I said, we've worked our way through the negative impacts that it had earlier this year. We expect – and our team out there in the Global Forwarding is a doing a great job, we would expect that to correct itself as well.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John on Robinson Fresh is from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays. Robinson Fresh results improved sequentially compared to second quarter weakness as better margins offset lower top line. Can you provide an update on the strategy for this segment going forward?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: If you look at our Fresh division at, again, a very high level, there's two main things that we do in that division. We do the perishable transportation for fruits and vegetables, and account management would have a lot of the large retailers that we have those perishable relationships with. So, it's a component of our transportation services very similar to NAST that is focused on the perishable stuff. We also source and distribute, buy and sell fresh fruits and vegetables under the Robinson Fresh brand and other brands that we work with. When you think about most of our discussion today around committed pricing and how the market has escalated from a pricing standpoint, all of those factors really hit the Robinson Fresh transportation in an even more accentuated way. The customer base in the Fresh division is typically much more of a committed pricing relationship from retailers that have promotions and yearlong standard costing where they need those fixed pricing arrangements. The supply base for that perishable transportation is generally smaller, more fragmented owner-operators that were probably impacted even greater from an ELD standpoint in supply. So, a lot of what you see in the Robinson Fresh transportation is really just the accentuated impact of a lot of the items that we've been talking about in the NAST division. On the product sale and distribution, a lot of times that is bundled service and our ability to execute is impacted by having access to capacity. And as we've said many times, we honor our committed relationships. And when more of that capacity is going to committed freight relationships and serving the accounts in that division, it really puts a challenge on the amount of available capacity to serve spot market opportunities. Combined with some dislocation and product-specific stuff in different fruits and vegetable categories, it just put a lot of strain on the division. So, the long-term strategy is fairly similar. We want to continue to leverage the tools and the platform of Navisphere, and a lot of the effort that's being put into the overall freight management. We want to make sure that those perishable customers and that fresh transportation service benefits from that as well. So, as we manage the continuity of all of those services, you'll see more alignment across those divisions in terms of what we're working on, but overall the combination of providing products and transportation will be at the core of that division strategy.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. And also from Brandon Oglenski, a question on Milgram for Andy. With more than 12 months of operating Milgram, can you provide an update on integration and strategy? Your air and customs segments both continue to show strong growth trends.
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Yeah, the update on the strategy is exactly the same. I mean we continue to grow our business organically and then complement that organic strategy with nice tuck-in acquisitions. And Milgram fits really nicely into that category. So, if you think about like phase one was bringing them in, that worked great. The agent business is fully transitioned, and we are really pleased with the results of the agent transition. I would say the next phase that we're working into right now is to expand more of our traditional services into their existing customer base. And the Holy Grail of acquisitions is, of course, cross-selling and it takes a long time because these relationships go back quite a ways, particularly with our Canadian customers up there. After that, we would expect to add additional trade lanes into that beyond the ones that are in existence right now and then really begin to focus on the efficiency. So, really pleased with the acquisition. The team up there has just done a wonderful job, and so very, very happy.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. And our last question is for Bob from Ben Hartford of Robert W. Baird. How did your number of negative loads associated with contractual shipments trend in the third quarter of 2018 versus a year ago and against an average third quarter historically?
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr. - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Negative loads decreased sequentially from Q2 to Q3 as well as year-over-year within both our contractual and transactional business. So, we factor in the impact of the volume of negative loads and the decreases there. Our actual profitable truckload volume growth in Q3 2018 was actually positive in the low-single digits on a year-over-year basis. So, negative loads are still trending slightly above historical averages for a more traditional balanced market and it's a key metric that we continue to watch.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: That concludes the Q&A portion of today's earnings call. A replay of today's call will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website at chrobinson.com at approximately 11:30 A.M. Eastern Time today. If you have additional questions, I can be reached by phone or e-mail. Thank you again for participating in our third quarter 2018 conference call. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr. - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Second Quarter 2018 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today's presentation, Bob Houghton will facilitate a review of previously submitted questions. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, August 1, 2018. I will now turn the conference over to Bob Houghton, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thank you, Donna, and good morning, everyone. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Andy Clarke, Chief Financial Officer; and Bob Biesterfeld, Chief Operating Officer and President of North American Surface Transportation. John, Andy, and Bob will provide commentary on our 2018 second quarter results. Presentation slides that accompany their remarks can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at chrobinson.com. We will follow that with responses to the pre-submitted questions we received after our earnings release yesterday. I'd like to remind you that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. Slide 2 in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management's expectations. And with that, I will turn the call over to John.
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Bob, Thanks, bob, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our second quarter earnings call. In my opening remarks, I want to highlight some of the headline themes that you'll be hearing us talk about. First, we are pleased with our overall financial results this quarter. Volume trends improved in the quarter with volume growth in most of our service lines. We delivered a double-digit increase in both net revenues and operating income, and 90 basis point increase in operating income margin. Combined with the benefits of U.S. tax reform, this strong performance enabled us to increase our cash returns to shareholders by nearly 30% in the quarter. Andy and Bob will provide more color on our financial performance in their prepared remarks. We continue to see very high freight demand in the marketplace. Our results through July reflect that and our customer interactions reflect expectations for continued high demand for the remainder of the year. Demand side of the equation is obviously driven by a healthy economy, and it's the more volatile part of the supply and demand relationship. On the supply side, we see high orders for new equipment, driver shortages, and significant logging device impacts on certain lanes and a lot of capacity owners realigning their networks and freight preferences to adjust to the market. While our cost and pricing charts show some leveling off of the significant year-over-year price increases, we do expect the market to remain tight for the remainder of the year. Pricing continues to escalate. We experienced another quarter of double-digit cost and price increases across most of our service lines this quarter. We now have pricing reflective of marketplace conditions across the significant portion of our business portfolio. This contributed to our sequential improvement in net revenues. In our North America truckload business, pricing increased 20.5% in the quarter, approximately in line with carrier cost increases. Our second quarter price increases also reflect an increase in spot market activity that is typical of a rapidly rising price environment. The strength of our business model is the ability to balance our portfolio between long standing customer contractual relationships and our ability to participate in spot market freight opportunities, all while delivering supply chain expertise to both shippers and carriers around the globe. In the current freight environment, we are seeing shipper routing guides deteriorate, resulting in a shift in freight volume into the spot market. We are focused on continuing to honor our customer commitments while also helping our customers secure spot market capacity. We firmly believe the right business model is to leverage our people, process, and technology to drive balanced growth over time, leveraging our supply chain expertise to build long-term committed relationships with shippers and carriers around the world, while also fulfilling spot market opportunities when they become available. With those introductory comments I'll turn it over to Andy to review our financial statements.
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin by recognizing the hard work of the entire Robinson team across our global network in this volatile freight environment. Your performance was best in class, as we continue to reach new milestones, then push through them to even greater ones. Our organization is always striving for ways of doing it better, but it is also important to say thank you and keep up the good work. We saw a double-digit increase in both net revenues and operating profit, while continuing to make significant investments for future growth. We also delivered operating margin expansion in our NAST, Managed Services and European Surface Transportation businesses. Congratulations to the Global Forwarding team, which grew operating income on a year-over-year basis and made significant sequential operating margin improvement. While the Robinson Fresh team continues to work exceptionally hard in this challenging environment, profits fell short of expectations. ELDs and award management have had an out-sized negative impact on Robinson Fresh. Bob will share our plans to improve profitability of this business segment in his prepared remarks. Now on to slide four and our financial results. Second quarter total revenues increased 15.3% to $4.3 billion driven by significantly higher pricing across most service lines, volume growth in LTL and Global Forwarding, and higher fuel costs. Total company net revenues increased nearly $100 million, or 17% in the quarter. Net revenue growth was led by truckload services, up $59 million, and LTL services, up $17 million. We continue to see the benefits of investments in our Global Forwarding business, where net revenues increased 19% or $23 million in the quarter. Total operating expenses increased $61 million, a 15.4% increase versus the prior year period. Personnel expenses increased 19.8% in the quarter, primarily as the result of an increase in our variable compensation, which is based on our improved financial performance. We believe performance-based pay is the best way to align the interest of our employees with our shareholders. We expect variable compensation to be elevated for the full year, given our stronger performance in 2018 versus 2017. Total company average head count increased 4.2% in the quarter, led by increased head count to support the growth opportunities in Global Forwarding, as well as the acquisition of Milgram. These increases were partially offset by head count declines in Robinson Fresh and NAST. SG&A expenses were up slightly in the quarter to $112 million, primarily driven by increases in occupancy, purchased services and equipment rental and maintenance. These were partially offset by a decrease in allowance for doubtful accounts and travel and entertainment expenses. Total operating income was $219 million in the second quarter, up 20.5% over last year. Operating income as a percent of net revenues was 32.6%, a 90 basis point improvement versus last year's second quarter, and a 200 basis point improvement versus the first quarter of this year. Our objective is to grow operating income at a rate equal to or greater than net revenues. And while we still have work to do in this area, our teams made nice strides in this quarter. We will continue to invest in our people, our processes, and our technology to drive growth in our business, and to make our operations more efficient. Second quarter net income of $159 million increased 43.3%, which includes an $18.4 million benefit from the U.S. tax reform act passed in December of 2017. We produced diluted earnings per share of $1.13 in the second quarter, up from $0.78 last year. On to slide five and other items impacting net income. The second quarter effective tax rate was 25.6%, down from 35.6% last year. The lower tax rate was driven primarily by the reduction in the U.S. corporate tax rate. Our year-to-date tax rate was 23.6%, and we continue to expect our effective tax rate to be between 24% and 25% for the full year. As noted in our first quarter earnings call, we adopted the new accounting standards update for revenue recognition in the first quarter of this year. As a result, in-transit shipments are now included in our financial results. We do not expect this policy to have a material impact on our overall operating results, however, it does significantly decrease gross revenues in our Robinson Fresh sourcing, and in the second quarter of this year, that impact was approximately $28 million. There are, however, no impacts to net revenues. Second quarter interest and other expense totaled $5.1 million, down from $9.4 million last year. Every quarter, we are required to revalue our U.S. dollar working capital and cash balances against the functional currency in each country where we conduct business and hold U.S. dollars. The resulting gain or loss is reflected on the income statement. The U.S. dollar strengthened against several of our key currencies this quarter, including the RMB, the Euro and Mexican peso, resulting in an $8 million gain from currency revaluation. Future movements in our currency valuations will continue to have an impact on our net income. The decrease on this line was partially offset by higher interest expense, due to increased debt levels and higher variable interest rates. Our share count in the quarter was down nearly 1% as share repurchases were partially offset by the impact of activity in our equity compensation plans. Turning to slide six, cash flow from operations totaled $108 million in the second quarter, up 88% versus last year, driven primarily by growth in net income. For the first six months, cash flow from operations increased 106% to $308 million. A combination of increased earnings and improved working capital performance drove the year-to-date cash flow improvement. We continue to expect to drive strong cash flow performance in the back half of the year. Capital expenditures totaled $14.6 million for the quarter, and we continue to expect full year capital expenditures of between $60 million and $70 million, with the majority dedicated to technology. Our capital distribution is summarized on slide 7. We returned over $136 million to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and dividends in the quarter, a 30% increase versus the year-ago period. Year-to-date, we have returned over $270 million to shareholders, a 25% increase. We continue to evaluate opportunities to deploy our capital in ways that both add value to our customers and improve financial performance. Acquisitions that fit our strategies, business model and culture remain a top priority for us. We have returned over $2.8 billion to shareholders over the last five years, and we will continue to reward our shareholders with capital distributions moving forward. Now on to the balance sheet on slide 8, working capital increased 9.2% versus the fourth quarter of 2017, driven by increased gross revenues, and the resulting increase in accounts receivable. The contract assets and accrued transportation expense lines on the balance sheet reflect in-transit activity in accordance with the adoption of the revenue recognition policy. We continue to experience improvement in DSOs versus both the end of 2017 and Q1 of 2018, despite the fact that gross revenue increased over $300 million in both periods. Our debt balance at quarter end was $1.4 billion. Across our credit facility, private placement debt, AR securitization, and senior notes, our weighted average interest rate was 3.9% in the quarter. I will wrap up my comments this morning with a look at our current trends. Our consistent practice is to share the per-business-day comparison of net revenues. This July has one additional business day versus the prior year. July 2018 global net revenue per business day has increased 20%. Truckload volume has decreased approximately 2% versus the year-ago period where volumes increased 3%. We are pleased with our continued sequential improvement in truckload volume performance and our strong total company net revenue growth per day in July. We do expect our net revenue growth rate to moderate towards the end of the quarter, as we begin to lap the tightening in the truckload market from weather-related disruptions which began in the last week of August of 2017. As a reminder, third quarter 2017 net revenue per business day increased 3% in July, 4% in August, and 18% in September. Before I turn the call over to Bob, I'd like to express our thanks to all of the people at Robinson from across the globe that work every day to make our customers, our suppliers, our fellow colleagues, and our shareholders successful. Global logistics and transportation is an industry that has been and will always be both volatile and extremely competitive. Our performance is evaluated every day. Your commitment to excellence has shown through in these results and we thank you. We appreciate you all listening in this morning. And I will now turn it over to Bob to provide additional context on our segment performance.
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr. - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thank you, Andy. Good morning, everyone. I'm excited to have the opportunity to speak with all of you today and provide an update on our operating segment performance. To set the stage for the performance discussion, I want to first highlight the volatile nature of the logistics market. On slide 10, the light and dark blue lines represent the percent change in North America truckload rate and cost per mile to both customers and carriers, net of fuel costs since 2008. The gray line represents the net revenue margin for all transportation services. As John mentioned in his opening remarks, the change in North America truckload rate per mile and cost per mile were both around 20% this quarter. This level of increase remains near the highest levels we've seen in this decade. You can see that despite the high level of volatility in the freight market, we are able to maintain our margins through these extended freight cycles. Our second quarter transportation net revenue margin of 16.2% is up 80 basis points versus the same period five years ago, and our annual net revenues have increased over $715 million during this five-year time period. One of the metrics that we use to measure market capacity and volatility is the routing guide depth from our Managed Services business. In the second quarter, average routing guide depth was 1.8, representing that on average the second carrier in a shipper's routing guide was executing the shipment in most cases. The quarter also included weeks where the routing guides spiked to 5 in certain parts of the country, indicating periods of localized displacement between both supply and demand. By comparison, average routing guide depth in a balanced market is roughly 1.4. So, we do remain in a tight capacity environment. We think this chart does a great job illustrating the high degree of cyclicality and volatility in our North American trucking market. The broad-based increases in market pricing over the past four quarters have been challenging for our industry and our customers. I'd like to recognize our employees across North America that are working to bring innovative solutions that help customers navigate this marketplace and consistently provide a great experience to the increasing number of motor carriers across our network. The fact that these carriers choose to work with C.H. Robinson makes it possible for us to serve our customers in this dynamic and fast-changing environment. While the chart on slide 10 indicates that the year-over-year change in price and cost moderated slightly versus last quarter, the absolute price per mile and cost per mile continue to increase. We are introducing a new slide this quarter that shows the underlying price and cost data from the previous slide. The graph on slide 11 shows North America truckload average price per mile and cost per mile since 2010 for C.H. Robinson. We have excluded the actual price per mile and cost per mile scale on the slide to protect our proprietary data. The second quarter represents the fifth consecutive quarter of sequential increases in our North America truckload price per mile and cost per mile. This chart also shows that since 2010 we've continued to adjust our pricing in response to changes in marketplace conditions. We've generally maintained a consistent gap between price and cost, even in periods of high inflation. Despite significant levels of freight market volatility, both customer pricing and carrier costs have increased at a rough 3% annual average rate over this time period. Turning to slide 12 and our North America Surface Transportation business. NAST net revenues increased 21.4% to $437 million in the quarter, led by double-digit growth in each of our service lines. In the truckload market, continued strong demand and tight capacity have led to another quarter of sharp increases in freight costs. In our contractual business, we worked with our customers to adjust pricing to reflect the rising cost environment while continuing to honor our commitments across our portfolio of contractual freight. Our teams were also active in helping customers secure capacity within the spot market as routing guides failed. Led by higher pricing, our net revenues increased 22.9% to $307 million in the quarter. Repricing activity did negatively impact our volumes in the quarter, as double-digit growth in the transactional shipments were offset by the declines in contractual shipments. NAST truckload volume declined 4.5% versus the year-ago period where volume increased 8%. The combination of contractual volume declines and transactional volume growth resulted in an approximate mix of 55% contractual and 45% transactional volume for the quarter, versus a 65% contractual and 35% transactional mix in the year-ago period. Our truckload volume trends improved in the second quarter and into the start of the third quarter. Truckload volume per day has improved sequentially every month this year and declined just 2% in July. We have successfully repriced much of our contractual portfolio over the last couple of quarters and we're confident in our ability to execute against our contractual opportunities through the remainder of this year. So, we expect that our volume performance will improve as we move through the balance of 2018. At the same time, we will remain disciplined on pricing and will continue to adjust our pricing to reflect market conditions. Our goal remains balanced growth within our NAST truckload business and a long-term focus on taking market share and growing volumes above industry benchmarks. We started to close this volume gap versus industry benchmarks in the second quarter and in July. The hard enforcement of the ELD mandate that took effect on April 1 is not slowing our rate of new carrier adoption. In fact, our new carrier adoption rate is increasing. We added roughly 4,400 new carriers in the second quarter, which is a 19% increase over last year's second quarter and a 5% sequential improvement versus first quarter of this year. These new carriers moved approximately 19,000 shipments for us in the quarter, contributing to our sequential improvement in truckload volume performance. Carriers continue to see C.H. Robinson as a third-party logistics company of choice for securing freight that meets their needs and allows them to be successful business owners. The addition of thousands of motor carriers every quarter allows C.H. Robinson to expand the largest network of motor carriers in North America and bring new solutions to life for our customers. In our less-than-truckload business, we delivered another quarter of strong performance. Net revenues increased 17.8% to $114 million, driven by double-digit increases in pricing and a 6% increase in volume, primarily driven by growth in manufacturing and e-commerce. Within our intermodal service line, net revenues increased 17.3% in the quarter. This was driven by higher pricing and a 3.5% increase in volume. Our results are benefiting from new technology that we launched last quarter that allows us to more efficiently move freight within our customer's network from the road to the rail. Slide 13 outlines our NAST operating income performance. Second quarter operating income increased 31.6% to $185 million. Operating margin improved 330 basis points to 42.3% and improved 30 basis points sequentially. This strong NAST performance includes the impact of higher variable compensation expense. And as Andy mentioned, we believe performance-based pay is the best way to align employee and shareholder interest, and this is reflected in our strong NAST operating performance results this quarter. I'd like to thank the entire NAST organization for another quarter of strong financial performance and for helping our customers and our carriers navigate this challenging freight environment. Within NAST, we also continue to make progress against our efficiency and productivity initiatives as well. Our technology investments are driving productivity through tools that automate our customer and our carrier interactions and further improve our ability to profitably match both shippers and carriers. We're selectively consolidating activities and office locations across our network to continue to maximize our scale. As a result, the rate of head count growth in NAST continues to decline and was down nearly 1% in the quarter. We continue to expect NAST head count to be flat to down modestly for the full year. Turning to slide 14 and our Global Forwarding business. Global Forwarding net revenues increased 19% to $144 million in the quarter, with pricing and volume growth in each of our service lines. Our acquisition of Milgram & Company in Canada contributed approximately 4.5 percentage points to the growth in the quarter. Ocean net revenues increased 18.5% in the quarter with Milgram contributing approximately 2 percentage points to that growth. Ocean's shipments increased 7% in the quarter through a combination of growth with existing customers and new business wins. With the robust sales pipeline of both new and existing customers, we do expect continued growth in our Ocean business over the balance of this year. Second quarter Air net revenues increased 17.4% with Milgram contributing approximately 2 percentage points. Air shipments increased approximately 9% in the quarter as we continue to benefit from investments to grow volume and density in our air gateway cities. Our second quarter results also include adjustments to pricing that reflect current market conditions. Customs net revenue increased 27.5% in the quarter with Milgram contributing 21 percentage points to this growth. Customs transactions increased approximately 60% in the second quarter as we continue to execute our strategy of broadening our service portfolio and expanding our customs presence across the globe. Our Global Forwarding business continues to benefit from an expanded service offering and geographic footprint. The second quarter of 2018 represents the seventh consecutive quarter of double-digit net revenue growth. This is terrific performance by our Global Forwarding team. Slide 15 outlines our Global Forwarding operating income performance. Second quarter operating income increased 7.6% to $30 million. Operating margin declined 220 basis points year-over-year to 20.7%. Operating expenses increased 22.4% in the quarter, driven primarily by a 17.8% increase in head count and higher variable compensation expense. Milgram accounted for approximately 7.5 percentage points of the head count growth. As we stated on last quarter's earnings call, Global Forwarding first quarter profit performance fell well below our expectations. We challenged our Global Forwarding organization to rapidly deploy a plan for improving their business results and they rose to the challenge. As you can see on slide 16, Global Forwarding's second quarter operating income increased 262% on a sequential basis and sequential operating margin improved 1,400 basis points. Net revenue increased sequentially in all service lines and average head count declined 1% versus the prior quarter while sequential SG&A declined 8%, led by lower bad debt and tighter operating expense controls. We are very pleased with this rapid turnaround of profitability and I'd like to offer a very strong congratulations to Mike Short and the entire Global Forwarding team for their outstanding execution this quarter. Moving forward, we continue to see significant opportunities to drive scale and geographic reach in our Global Forwarding business. Driving this growth will require continued investments in people, process, and technology, but we also realize that we have opportunities to drive greater efficiency as we grow this business. We'll continue to be focused on the significant top-line growth opportunities in front of us across the globe, and we'll also be focused on operating margin expansion through digital transformation led by additional technology deployment and intelligent process automation. Over the long term, we continue to expect our operating margin performance to be consistent with other leading companies in the Global Forwarding segment of the market. Transitioning to slide 17 and our Robinson Fresh segment. Sourcing net revenues were $32 million for the quarter, down 10.3% from last year. Case volumes declined 6%, primarily due to a strategic customer exiting the fresh produce business and lower levels of customer promotional activity within retail. Higher purchased transportation costs also contributed to the net revenue decline. The revenue recognition policy change negatively impacted sourcing total revenues by approximately $28 million, but there was no impact to net revenue. Transportation net revenues of $24 million were 6.6% below year-ago levels. Truckload volume declines and margin compression in our committed business were partially offset by an increase in the revenue per shipment in transactional business as well as the volume growth in our LTL business. Slide 18 outlines our Robinson Fresh operating income performance. Second quarter operating income declined 35.2% to $9 million. Operating margin declined 680 basis points to 16.6%. Operating expenses decreased slightly in the quarter as a 7% reduction in head count and a 9% reduction in SG&A were partially offset by increased variable compensation expense. Robinson Fresh second quarter results also include a $4 million contingent auto liability claim. To be clear, this level of profit performance fell well below our expectation and we are not satisfied with the erosion of the profitability of this business over the last several quarters. The hard enforcement of the ELD mandate has had a greater impact on the temperature-controlled and multi-stop, multi-fit loads that are common in the fresh produce business. Our Robinson Fresh business has a more concentrated set of customers with longer-term contractual relationships than our other business segments. So, we do not have the same amount of transactional business as in our NAST portfolio to offset the margin compression on committed business. Many long-term committed customers were repriced during the second quarter and we'll continue to look for opportunities to reprice our Robinson Fresh business to reflect marketplace conditions as the year progresses. We've also exited certain facilities within the network, invested in technology to improve our sourcing office efficiency, and implemented stringent operating expense controls. Moving to our all other and corporate businesses on slide 19. As a reminder, all other includes our Managed Services business, Surface Transportation outside of North America, other miscellaneous revenues, and unallocated corporate expenses. Managed Services net revenues increased 10.5% to $20.1 million in the quarter, driven by a combination of selling additional service lines to existing customers and new customer wins. Customers value our transportation management system, which allows them to control their carrier-selection process and manage their complex supply chains without the required investment in technology. Freight under management increased 7% in the quarter to nearly $1 billion. The highly automated nature of this business enabled us to not only invest for customer and geographic growth but still expand operating income margins by 10 basis points. Other Surface Transportation net revenues increased 8.5% in the quarter to $15 million. The increase was primarily the result of pricing increases in our European truckload business. We have a strong pipeline of new business, and we expect volume trends to also improve in this business throughout the third quarter. Before I turn the call back to John for some final comments, I'll take a minute to wrap up the section on our business unit performance. We delivered strong overall business results this quarter with significant top and bottom line growth and expanding profit margins. Through a challenging and dynamic freight environment, we assisted our customers in navigating the marketplace and helped them accelerate commerce in their businesses. As we move through the balance of 2018 and beyond, I'm energized by the opportunities ahead of us. We will leverage our comprehensive offering of services and capabilities to deliver logistics expertise for our customers and our carriers. We remain focused on driving innovation and productivity via digital transformation, and we will continue to accelerate our investments in emerging technology and advanced analytics to further transform how we continue to add value to our global ecosystem of over 120,000 customers and 73,000 active carriers. Driving this success will be our people, our processes and our technology. I'm highly confident we'll continue to deliver industry leading capabilities to our customers and our carriers and strong returns to our shareholders. Thank you for listening this morning, and I'll turn it back to John now to make some closing comments before we address your pre-submitted questions.
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Bob. Before we move to those questions, I'll wrap up our prepared remarks with some comments on our expectations for the balance of 2018. As stated earlier, we believe that the current freight market fundamentals will remain in place for the remainder of the year. With a healthy economy, demand for freight will remain strong. While an increase in new equipment orders may suggest an increase in capacity, we believe the aging truck driver demographics and declining number of new truck drivers combined with the impact of the April 1 hard enforcement of ELDs will continue to constrain capacity. So, we expect the market to remain tight through 2018. We're closely monitoring the escalating tariff activity. The current tariffs that are in place did not have an adverse impact on our first half financial results. Our primary focus has been to work with our customers to help them understand and quantify the impacts or potential impacts of some of the proposed tariffs. We're also working to ensure proper compliance for all enacted tariffs. While the cost of the tariff is ultimately borne by the shipper, our business could be negatively impacted by any resulting slowdown in global trade or redesigning of global supply chains that negatively impacts our customers' shipment activity. We will continue to monitor this situation and work closely with our customers and to adapt to any required changes. We remain focused on working closely with our customers to help them understand the market and to ensure we both meet our customer commitments and achieve pricing reflective of the marketplace conditions. We continue to invest in our people, our processes and our technology to deliver an expanding set of insights and capabilities that increase the value of the supply chain expertise we deliver to our customers and carriers. And we remain focused on operating cost efficiency, driving higher levels of service execution for our employees, and increasing returns to our shareholders. Lastly, I too would like to personally thank the over 15,000 C.H. Robinson team members around the world for their outstanding efforts in delivering strong operating results this quarter. In a rapidly changing freight environment, we were able to deliver double-digit growth in net revenues, operating profit, and earnings per share while continuing to invest in the digital transformation that enables us to provide increased value to our customers, carriers, employees and shareholders. We returned $136 million to shareholders this quarter and delivered a significant improvement in our operating cash flow. We delivered strong results in the quarter, and I'm confident that we have the right people, processes, and technology to continue to win in the marketplace. That concludes our prepared comments, and with that, I'll turn it back to the operator, so we can answer the pre-submitted questions.
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Houghton, the floor is yours for the question-and-answer session.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thank you, Donna. First, I would like to thank the many analysts and investors for taking the time to submit questions after our earnings release yesterday. For today's Q&A session, I will frame up the question and then turn it over to John, Andy, or Bob for a response. And the first question comes from Jack Atkins with Stephens. John, how do you view the potential duration of the current freight cycle? Your comments around a strong outlook for the remainder of 2018 are encouraging, but is there anything on the horizon from a supply or demand perspective that you believe could disrupt the cycle from persisting well into 2019?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: As we all know that the markets are moving faster than ever, and in a lot of ways maybe harder to predict. But just to share a little more color on, kind of, our view of the marketplace today, we have always believed and continue to believe that in the supply and demand relationship, the demand is more the trigger point or the more volatile variable in the two equations. Evidenced by even this current cycle where ELDs and some of the capacity constraints are clearly an important factor, but really the tipping point was the hurricanes and the spike of expedited demand services in the fall of a year ago. So while it's hard to predict these cycles, we do feel like the overall demand, the healthy economy, and the likelihood that that will continue for the remainder of the year is what will keep that market tight. Many of you probably know better than we do what would cause a recession or a significant change in the demand to look for the freight outcome, but I know that across our customer base and internally nobody is planning on that. So, we continue to expect a tight freight market with similar kind of pricing dynamics and fundaments at least for the remainder of the year and heading into next year.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. A number of analysts asked about Global Forwarding operating margins. Your results in Global Forwarding show a solid improvement in the second quarter relative to your first quarter results. Can you provide a path to more normalized operating leverage in Global Forwarding? Is it simply scale, or productivity initiatives, or a combination of the two?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Yeah, thank you. And Bob did a great job of explaining the sequential improvement that the team performed. And so, I won't go into that, but if you take an historical view, we decided in 2016 to go into segment reporting to really give our investors a clearer view of our different reportable segments. And so, given that, our – if you look at Global Forwarding of those last three-and-a-half years, the operating income as a percent of net revenue has kind of varied between on the low side 18%, on the high side 22% on average. And so, if you look at that 20.7% for the Q2 of this year, it's really within that band. Included in those numbers, because we acquired first, obviously, Phoenix, secondly APC, and thirdly Milgram, there is a lot of non-cash amortization in those figures. So, when you add that back in, and it's roughly 6% to 7% on the operating income line, it's the 27%, 28% as a percent of that revenue. And so, while that team does have continued strides to make, and they will, we do believe that those margins are reflective of a really nice and a really strong Global Forwarding operation. Secondly on that, if you think about the growth that that organization has had, if you go back to Q2 of 2016, so just two years ago, our net revenue was up nearly 50% on a quarter-over-quarter basis in that regard. So, we are growing scale. We are growing organically with some of our additional services. So, we do believe there continues to be opportunities for significant operating margin leverage as we continue to grow.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. Next question for Bob is from Jack Atkins of Stephens on Robinson Fresh. Todd Fowler of KeyBanc and Fadi Chamoun of BMO asked similar questions. Robinson Fresh results were negatively impacted by the adverse insurance claim. But can you speak to what is driving the top line in net revenue margin pressure at Fresh? I would have thought that the segment would see improved net revenue trends after being able to reprice its customer contracts in the first half.
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr. - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks. So, Robinson Fresh is a unique business within Robinson. And while we report both the produce sourcing and transportation revenues separately within the business, they're really closely linked. And at times I think it's difficult to interpret how the results of one impact the other. In many ways our Robinson Fresh product business is experiencing many of the same challenges today that many manufacturing and other food companies are experiencing in this rising freight environment. Our produce business is working to forecast the delivered sale of a product to either retailer or a food service provider at a fixed price into the future. And when the cost of transportation rises beyond that forecast, both the profitability and demand can tend to be impacted. So, across many of the commodities that we sell, demand for our case sales is really driven by the demand for promotions at retail. So, if you think about that supermarket flier that advertises grapes for $0.99 a pound versus $1.99 per pound, consumers are going to tend to buy more when they're $0.99. So, promotions drive consumption in our business, and that ultimately drives demand. When freight costs escalate, promotional prices escalate, and demand goes down. And this has a really negative impact on our overall volume of cases sold. According to IRI, in second quarter, product sold strictly on promotion at retail during Q2 was down about 420 basis points versus Q2 of last year. Additionally, a portion of the freight volume of Robinson Fresh is tied to the sale of that produce, so much of that is priced in advance and it's difficult to reprice that freight, as we're not just repricing the freight component, but ultimately the delivered price of that product. So, in a rapidly rising cost environment we do see potential in the Robinson Fresh business for margin compression on both the freight side and potentially decreased demand on the product side within RF.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Bob. The next question is also for Bob regarding NAST EBIT margins and comes from Ben Hartford of R.W. Baird. Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer and Tom Wadewitz of UBS also asked about NAST EBIT margins. NAST results were strong during the second quarter, but segment EBIT margins as a percent of net revenue remain below second quarter 2015 and second quarter 2016 levels. Can NAST further improve EBIT margins from Q2 2018 levels and return to recent historical highs? And if so, what is the pathway to doing so?
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr. - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: I don't think that we're at the peak of our EBIT margins as a percentage of net revenue. How we improve those margins is really under a constant state of evaluation and fine-tuning from the leadership of NAST. The four long – mid to long-term goals of NAST around effectively leveraging our data differently, expanding our core services, enhancing our customer experience, and driving the reinvention of the model are all really geared towards driving additional efficiency and effectiveness of NAST. So, we've spoken on this call and in the past about how we're optimizing our network footprint, and this is an important piece of the future success, but really, I think about our success in NAST being driven not only by where work gets done, but also how work gets done. So, we've seen uplift and gaining scale from evolving our footprint, centralizing some task-oriented work, and building out more scaled centers of excellence. But really the real opportunity for us is around the ongoing re-engineering of how work gets done, how we leverage our artificial intelligence, machine learning, and advanced analytics even more effectively to evolve our workflows and eliminate steps within our processes. So, we continue to be focused on maintaining the flat head count within NAST as we continue to add more commercially-facing roles and engineer out task-oriented work. Our IT teams, our engineers, and our business leaders are really active and thinking differently about how we get work done and how we positively impact that EBIT margin.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Bob. Next question for Andy from Matt Reustle of Goldman Sachs. Please provide monthly net revenue trends during the second quarter? Additionally, while net revenue per business day growth moderates in the back half of the year, can you still show an acceleration in operating income growth?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Our monthly net revenue growth per day in 2018 was 15% in April, 14% in May, and 23% in June. And now I'm going to give you the comparison. As you all recall, this time last year we talked about how challenging Q2 of 2017 was, and April of 2017 was down 3%, May of 2017 was down 5%, and June of 2017 was down 3%. So, hopefully that will give you a little better historical perspective on the monthly net revenue per day. As to the latter part of the question, clearly, I think we and the team did a great job on a year-over-year basis of driving 20% operating income growth, but also sequentially in the second quarter we grew operating income nearly $30 million, which is reflective of what we've seen in previous periods. We have, as Bob was mentioning on head count, doing a really nice job of making investments that are driving productivity, driving better statistics in that regard. I think across that board you've seen our SG&A pretty much level out, and the only thing that would impact that one way or the other would be issues like allowance for doubtful accounts or continued auto liability claims, which would change that number one way or the other. So, as we continue to drive strong net revenue growth, we do believe that that will translate into operating income growth as well.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. Next question comes from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna. Bob, you've been in the COO role for more than a quarter now. What's been your focus during your first few months on the job and what opportunities do you see to improve productivity in the coming quarters? Based on your vision for the company, how will Robinson look different in two to three years compared to today?
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr. - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Well, thanks for the question there, Bascome. I guess I'll take you on a quick tour over the last few months, as I've been in this role since the end of February and beginning of March. So, in terms of where I've been spending time, I'd say first and foremost I've been focused on continuing to provide guidance to our strong team of NAST leaders as we continue down that path of NAST reinvention. I've spent a couple weeks in Europe with our Surface Transportation and Global Forwarding teams looking and discussing ways that we can drive greater synergies between our North American and European businesses. I've been working closely with our IT organization to determine succession for Chad Lindbloom's retirement. And really been balancing the rest of my time between Robinson Fresh, maintenance services, the broader Global Forwarding team, as well as working with our commercial team as we continue to think about refining our go-to-market strategy to drive growth and serve those 120,000 customers. I'm really fortunate that I've inherited a really strong team on all levels on a global basis. One output that I wanted to share from the first few months is that we're really excited about the fact that we have named a new Chief Technology Officer in Mike Neill. Mike's been with Robinson for about 15 years, and he's a really strong software engineer and a great leader of people. So, Mike's been at the core of building out our product roadmaps, our infrastructure, as well as our architecture, and I'm really confident in his vision for the future of the Navisphere platform. Mike will be a great add to our overall executive leadership team, and we'll continue to add talent to help support Mike and accelerate the speed of development and deployment of software. Across other parts of the business, we've established and reaffirmed our mid- to long-term growth plans, and we've identified several opportunities to drive both top and bottom line growth. In terms of the future and my vision, I believe that we're really going to continue to be a people, process and technology-oriented company. But our investments in each of those areas are going to continue to evolve and shift in the coming years. As I think about Robinson, and our proud history, and our future, I really think about it in terms of three chapters. And it's this incredible story of excellence, evolution and transformation. The first chapter of Robinson really defined our entrepreneurial spirit, and it closely mirrored the history of transportation, from the first refrigerated truck in 1939, to the interstate highway system beginning in 1945, to deregulation. Each of these changes brought new ideas, new ways to serve our customers and suppliers. And throughout all of it, we were there taking a leadership position. Our next chapter that went really from becoming a publicly traded company in 1997 to the beginning of our global expansion in Europe, and South America, and Asia, and the launch of Navisphere, our global technology platform, that was really about establishing our evolution and further strengthening our culture and our global reach. Today we're living and writing that next chapter of transformation, and we truly have the opportunity to shift and capitalize in this digital economy. We're clearly in the most competitive and dynamic environment in our history, and we don't believe that change will ever be slower than it is today. So, we've got this incredible opportunity in front of us on a global basis to enhance the way that we create and deliver value to our customers, our carriers, and our shareholders by leveraging new ways of thinking, new ways of acting, and creating value. So, we're going to double down on our commitment to both top and bottom line growth, as Andy said, and serving our customers in new and innovative ways. While I can't project exactly to Bascome's question, what C.H. Robinson will look like in three years? What I can commit to is that we're going to continue to be focused on customer centricity, expanding our advantage in technology, and leading in the areas of advanced analytics, artificial intelligence to improve our customer and carrier experiences. So, our growth in the future is going to continue to be fueled by a mix of organic as well as strategic acquisitions that add to our geographic footprint or add or enhance services within our portfolio. So, we're going to continue to lead by having the most capable and committed staff of supply chain experts in the industry. And I do believe that this is a people-oriented business, and we're going to keep investing in great people.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Bob. The next question is for John. Several analysts asked how much of your contract book of business has repriced this year? Is this the point in the cycle where you would begin to favor volume over price consistent with your long-term strategy to drive market share gains?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Our historic metric that we've shared around our committed business is that more of it reprices in the first half of the year, generally two-thirds and one-third in the latter half of the year. Also, in our prepared comments, we shared that a substantial portion or likely more than half of it has repriced and is more reflective of kind of the current market conditions. I think that guidance is still probably about right. That we've got a significant portion, maybe two-thirds of it repriced. But there clearly is still more work to do. Bob referenced some of the fresh activity, and there is still a lot of activity in the network around account management and activities that continue to require analysis and adjustment to the market.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. Ken Hoexter with Bank of America Merrill and Jason Seidl from Cowen & Company asked about personnel expense. Andy, personnel costs ramped up in Q2, rising 120 basis points year-over-year. Is there any catch-up in incentive comp in the second quarter results? If so, should we see a sequential deceleration in Q3 in personnel costs?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: I think, we've talked often and at length about our incentive compensation. And it's important to our values and our culture. And as we've often talked, it aligns our incentives with that of our shareholders. So, specifically, we accrue those expenses on a quarterly and year-to-date basis. So, in periods where you see performance accelerating like we did in Q2 of this year, you would see there be a slight amount of catch-up Q1 versus Q2. And, conversely, we experienced the opposite last year as our performance in Q2 of 2017 decelerated, and there was a bit of a takeback in from what we had in Q1. Nothing that we would consider or investor would consider material. One of the things that I'd like to point out is despite the fact that we saw a sequential increase in our Q1 to Q2 compensation, as we talked about it was only 4% head count growth and that was driven in large part by the Milgram acquisition. The amount of that compensation that was fixed quarter-to-quarter actually decreased, so, there was more variable compensation, based on our performance, in Q2 of this year versus Q1, and we think that's reflective of our values, of our culture and in alignment with our shareholders.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. The next question for Bob comes from Fadi Chamoun of BMO. The current trucking market is proving exceptionally tighter compared to recent history. Does it change how you think about your exposure mix of spot versus contractual freight?
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr. - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: So, about 20 years ago in truckload we made a really conscious decision as part of our strategy that as a 3PL we wanted to participate in much more than just the spot market that brokers were traditionally focused on. And at that time and today we really believe that our ability to participate with our customers in their overall transportation spend is an important ingredient to our success. And so, today we're really able to wear two hats for the same customer, one that looks and feels much more like a dedicated fixed-asset-committed carrier, and one that's much more flexible and allows shippers really efficient access to the spot market when routing guides and plans fail. So, when markets stabilize, we tend to see a higher percentage of our business lean towards contractual, and when markets are changing rapidly, we tend to see our business lean more towards transactional. The mix between contractual and transactional is not necessarily a conscious choice or a decision that we make, it's much more of a by-product of the overall marketplace and the decisions that our customers make on how they choose to engage us. Over time, our goal is to continue to grow volume at a rate ahead of overall marketplace growth, and that growth will become – will come both from contractual as well as spot market freight.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Bob. Chris Wetherbee of Citi asked the next question for John on the competitive landscape. Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley and Todd Fowler of KeyBanc also asked about competition. Can you provide an update on the competitive landscape in truckload brokerage? And are newer tech-based competitors more active and are you seeing any impact to pricing?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: One of the things that remains most true is that our industry is incredibly fragmented. There still are more than 10,000 members of a TIA association, there's more than 100,000 motor carriers and while we know that we're substantially larger than anybody else, we know that we can't move pricing and that we don't have the sort of clout to impact things. So, the answer is no. We don't really see any specific start-ups or the evolution of the competitive landscape causing a measurable impact on pricing. Obviously, in this current environment, the cyclical impact is trumping any kind of secular changes around digital transformation or how the competitive landscape might be evolving. Now, all that is not to dismiss, Bob shared, in a lot of ways we're big believers in some of the new tools that are coming to the market and I know that there is a better-than-ever menu of competitors who are working on mobile apps and location services, but we think our Navisphere platform is really at a different scale and a competitive differentiator, and we're going to keep investing in it to make sure we stay ahead in that competitive landscape. So, lots of change. It's more competitive than ever, but it's as fragmented as it has always been, and therefore, it's really not likely to see measurable impact from one or a handful of new entrants.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. Todd Fowler of KeyBanc asked about Milgram. Andy, please provide an update on the Milgram integration. Are there duplicative costs associated with integration during the quarter? And if so, can you quantify? At what point will the integration be complete?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Yeah, we're pleased with the integration efforts on behalf of all of our teams, starting with APC in 2016 and most recently Milgram in 2017. And I would offer that they've done a great job of integrating those organizations into the overall Global Forwarding platform, which has driven, as I referenced earlier, significant both operating income as well as net revenue growth. There are a few duplicative costs that are still there, nothing that's material. We've done a great job of integrating the agents into our organization and you've seen a tremendous updraft in some of the performance there. I would say that as we get into the latter part of this year and go into 2018, when we finally put Milgram onto the Navisphere platform, you'll see a few more synergies picked up just in terms of our overall efficiency and performance there.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. Next question is for John from Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. How much of an impact is the ELD regulation having on supply in your view?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: You know, it's interesting. Prior to the ELD implementation, a lot of projection and speculation around what impact it would have was thinking about what, if any, percentage of trucks might exit the market or not renew their registration and whether 2%, 3%, 5% of capacity would leave the marketplace as a result of the requirement. As we've shared, we haven't really seen any of that. We continue to have very healthy signup of new capacity and we really anecdotally don't know of much meaningful capacity leaving the marketplace. I think the other impact, which has been meaningful, that we've shared in a variety of ways is that the pricing and the uncertainty that has come with those tweener lanes and the repositioning of networks and how a lot of the capacity has changed their behavior around what freight is preferable and how they are pricing, especially certain corridors or certain types of freight like the Fresh division that was reference. So, there's definitely been a meaningful impact because of the types of ways that it's changed. It's really hard to quantify and know what it is, but clearly a contributor to part of the current cycle and the tight side of the supply.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. The next question is also for John from Matt Reustle of Goldman Sachs. Are you seeing your customers act differently than in previous cycles? Are contract terms changing in any way?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: I think, the overall answer to that is no. When you think about the current environment, it's been a while since we've had this kind of route-guide deterioration and price inflation in the supply chain. So, whenever we have an escalation of costs like this, it puts a lot of pressure on all of us in the industry, and especially on a lot of the shippers. So, we're definitely seeing with this type of price increase the aversion to the spot market, the refocus on contractual compliance, to committed relationships, all of those things with greater emphasis, just like we would have seen in this portion of cycle in the past. So, maybe a renewed spirit of emphasis and kind of some new reactions compared to the last five, six years, but overall, probably a predictable reaction and adjustment to this part of the cycle.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks. The next question is from Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan. Andy, what was the year-over-year impact of changes in fuel surcharges on net revenue margins in the first and second quarters?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Yeah, and recall that fuel is a cosmetic impact to our net revenue margins. In Q1 of this year it had a drag of 40 basis points on our net revenue margins and in Q2, given the increase in fuel, it had a drag of 55 basis points on the net revenue margin percentage.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. Now to Bob. Jason Seidl also asked is the improvement in July truckload volume decline a function of easier comps, more favorable direct results at C.H. Robinson, or a combination?
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr. - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: It's really a function of both. Looking back at 2017, we had much stronger volume growth in the front half of the year than we did in the back half of the year with fourth quarter last year even being negative in terms of volume growth. If we look at the first seven months of 2018, we see sequential improvement in total volume on a per-day basis every month. So, while July volume is up on a per-day basis sequentially compared to June, we do have easier comps on a year-over-year basis in the second half of the year.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Bob. Another question for Bob from Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. With truck orders that remain elevated, do you anticipate capacity coming online in any meaningful way?
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr. - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: We mentioned in our prepared remarks that we continue to add new carriers to our network at an accelerating rate, but we don't necessarily see this as meaningful new capacity coming into the overall North American network. As much as it is likely company drivers or lease drivers that expanding out on their own to start businesses and act as owner-operators, if you think about the carriers that we added last quarter, the average fleet size of those carriers that we onboarded is right around 1.5 trucks per fleet. So, these are truly owner-operators that are either new to the industry, new to Robinson, or both. So, given the driver shortage that all the mid-sized and larger trucking companies that I talk to report, and the challenges of recruiting and retaining drivers in an environment of nearly full employment, I don't see a meaningful increase in overall capacity entering the market.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Bob. Our last question is for Andy from Ken Hoexter of Bank of America Merrill. What are your thoughts on debt paydown? Now that you have $1.4 billion in debt, would you look to pay down the AR securitization and credit facility or would you look to increase your debt exposure to keep leverage just below two times debt to EBITDA?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: One of the things that we continue to be proud of is the strength of our balance sheet and our ability to access capital in a meaningful way, as evidenced earlier this year when we took down $600 million of investment-grade debt. If you think about the rates that we're paying on our credit facility at just under 3.3% and the AR securitization at 2.9%, we wouldn't envision paying those down, just given the relatively lower rates at which we borrow. Our comfort level, and we've talked about this, is at between 1 and 1.5 times net debt to EBITDA, absent any other strategic opportunity that came our way.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: That concludes the Q&A portion of today's earning call. A replay of today's call will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website at chrobinson.com at approximately 11:30 AM Eastern time today. If you have additional questions, I can be reached by phone or e-mail. Thank you again for participating in our second quarter 2018 conference call. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr. - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson First Quarter 2018 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today's presentation, Bob Houghton will facilitate a review of previously submitted questions. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, May 2, 2018. I will now turn the call over to Bob Houghton, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thank you, Donna, and good morning, everyone. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Andy Clark, Chief Financial Officer; and Bob Biesterfeld, Chief Operating Officer and President of North America Surface Transportation. John, Andy, and Bob will provide commentary on our 2018 first quarter results. Presentation slides that accompany their remarks can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at chrobinson.com. We will follow that with responses to the pre-submitted questions we received after our earnings release yesterday. I'd like to remind you that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. Slide 2 in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management's expectations. And with that, I will turn the call over to John.
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thank you, Bob, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our first quarter earnings call. We recently announced the formation of the role of Chief Operating Officer and Bob Biesterfeld's promotion. Bob will be working with the other divisional presidents and chaired services leaders to optimize the performance of all of our operating divisions. He will also lead our information technology and commercial go-to-market strategies to accelerate the digital transformation of our businesses around the globe. Bob will share some of his initial thoughts on these strategies later in today's presentation. In his new role as Chief Operating Officer, Bob will be a regular participant on these earnings calls. In my opening remarks, I want to highlight some of the headlining themes that you'll be hearing us talk about. First, we are in a unprecedented freight environment. The healthy economy and rapid growth in e-commerce is driving a significant increase in the demand for freight. At the same time, driver shortages and enforcement of the electronic logging device mandate is motivating carriers to be increasingly selective in the loads they are willing to carry, resulting in a tightened capacity environment. The result is a very fluid and dynamic market. To illustrate this point, costs in our North America truckload business increased 21.5% this quarter, the largest single quarterly increase in our 21-year history as publicly traded company. Pricing has continued to escalate from previous quarters. We delivered double-digit price increases across most of our service lines this quarter, including a 21% increase in North America truckload. Rapidly rising prices typically create incremental spot market activity and margin compression on committed pricing arrangements. We experienced both of these in our first quarter results. The strength of our business model over time is our ability to balance our portfolio of long-standing contractual relationships we have with our customers and our ability to participate in spot market freight opportunities, all while delivering supply chain expertise to both shippers and carriers around the globe. In a rapidly rising freight cost environment, shipper route guide performance deteriorates, which drives a shift in freight volume into the spot market. Our truckload transactional volume increased at double-digit rates during the quarter, but it was not enough to overcome the declines in our contractual volume. We continue to believe that the right business model is leveraging our people, process and technology to build long-term committed relationships with shippers and carriers around the world, while also fulfilling spot market opportunities when they become available. In a rapidly rising cost environment, the concept of award management honoring customer commitments is critically important. This is a core component of our account management practices that we believe are part of the foundation for long-term value creation. More to come on each of these topics, but with those introductory comments, I'll turn it over to Andy now to review our financial statements.
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. I would like to start by recognizing the hard work of the entire team in this volatile freight environment. We saw aggregate volume growth across all transportation services, a double-digit increase in net revenue, and increased operating profits. We did this while continuing to make significant investments for future growth. We also delivered operating margin expansion in both NAST and Managed Services. Profits did fall short of expectations, however, in our Global Forwarding and Robinson Fresh segments. Both teams are working hard to return to best-in-class results. Now, on to slide 4 and our financial results. First quarter total revenues increased 14.9% to $3.9 billion, driven by significantly higher pricing across all service lines, volume growth in LTL and Global Forwarding, and higher fuel costs. Total company net revenues increased by $57 million, or 10.1% in the quarter. Net revenue growth was led by truckload services, up $26 million and LTL services up $15 million. We saw the benefit of recent investments in our Global Forwarding air service line where net revenue increased 32%, or $7 million in the quarter. First quarter ocean net revenues increased $6 million. Total operating expenses were up $54 million, or 14.1%, driven by higher personnel and SG&A expenses. First quarter personnel expenses increased 13%. Total company average head count increased 5.7% in the quarter, led by increases to support volume growth, opportunities in our Global Forwarding and Managed Services businesses. Variable compensation also increased in the quarter. We expect variable compensation to be elevated for the full year, given our soft performance in 2017. SG&A expenses were up 17.7% in the quarter to $106 million. As a reminder, our last year first quarter results included a one-time favorable $8.75 million legal settlement. Excluding the impact of this settlement, our first quarter SG&A expenses increased 7.3%, primarily driven by the write-off of a supplier advance in Robinson Fresh and increased occupancy and depreciation and amortization expense. SG&A expenses declined 3% on a sequential basis. Total operating income was $192 million in the first quarter, up 1.9 % over last year. Operating income as a percentage of net revenue was 30.6%, 250 basis points below last year's first quarter. Our objective is to grow operating income at a rate equal to or greater than net revenue, so we still have work to do in this area. We will continue to invest while managing expenses and striving for greater efficiencies as we move through 2018. Bob will provide more context on what we were doing to drive operating margin improvement in his remarks. First quarter net income was $142 million, an increase of 16.6%, and diluted earnings per share was $1.01, up from $0.86 in the same period last year. On to slide 5 and other items impacting net income. The first quarter effective tax rate was 21.3%, down from 31.7% last year. The lower tax rate was driven primarily by the reduction in the U.S. corporate tax rate. Also, it is typical for our tax rate to be lower in the first quarter than the full year, primarily due to the tax impact of restricted stock delivery. We continue to expect our effective tax rate to be between 24% and 25% for the full year. In the first quarter, we adopted the new accounting standards update for revenue recognition. Starting with the first quarter of 2018, in-transit shipments will now be included in our financial results. We do not expect this policy to have a material impact on our enterprise operating results; however, within our Robinson Fresh division, our total revenues were negatively impacted by approximately $27 million. There was no impact to net revenue. Interest and other expense was $10.7 million, an increase of 15% in the quarter, driven primarily by increased debt levels and higher variable interest rates on our short-term debt. Changes in foreign currency did not have a material impact on our first quarter results. Our share count in the quarter was approximately flat as share repurchases were offset by the impact of activity in our equity compensation plans. Slide 6 outlines our operating cash flow and capital distribution for the quarter. Through a combination of improved working capital performance and increased earnings, we generated just over $200 million of operating cash flow in the quarter, a 116% increase over the prior year period. We returned $135 million to shareholders in the quarter, a 23% increase versus the last year period. In line with our stated policy, we continue to evaluate and deploy our capital in ways that both drive better performance and increase shareholder value. We will make the investments in people, processes, and technology that generate outstanding results for our customers and returns for our shareholders. We will look to acquire companies that fit our strategies, business model and culture. And we will reward our shareholders through buybacks and dividends. Capital expenditures totaled $15.5 million in the quarter. We continue to expect full year CapEx of $60 million to $70 million, with the majority dedicated to technology. Now, onto the balance sheet on slide 7. Working capital improved 1.4% versus the fourth quarter of 2017, driven by a reduction in accounts receivable, given the seasonal sequential decline in total revenue versus the fourth quarter of 2017. First quarter working capital, as a percent of total revenue, remained relatively flat versus the fourth quarter. The contract asset and accrued transportation expense lines on the balance sheet reflect in-transit activity in accordance with the newly-adopted revenue recognition policy. Our debt balance at quarter end was $1.4 billion. Across our credit facility, private placement debt and AR securitization, our weighted average interest rate was 3.3% in the quarter. On April 9, we issued the first public debt offering in our company history. The details are listed on slide 8. The offering consisted of $600 million of 10-year senior unsecured notes at a fixed rate of 4.2%. We received an investment grade rating from both S&P and Moody's, and are pleased with the successful outcome of the issuance. We used the majority of the proceeds to repay the outstanding balance on our credit facility. With interest rates expected to rise in the future, we believe locking in current rates for a 10-year period is a prudent decision from a capital structure perspective. This bond offering also provides us with greater flexibility in our capital structure to both fund future acquisitions and working capital needs. I will wrap up my comments this morning with a look at our current trends. Our consistent practice is to share the per business day comparison, and this April has one additional business day versus the prior year. April 2018 global net revenue per business day has increased 11%, while truckload volume has decreased approximately 6% versus the year ago period where volumes increased 10%. We are working closely with our customers to achieve pricing reflective of the marketplace conditions, while continuing to meet our volume commitments. We continued to see committed volume declines in April in North America truckload as we actively re-price business where appropriate. Our account managers are focused on award management, ensuring we honor our customer commitments, while also securing additional transactional freight opportunities. Our April performance includes strong double-digit growth in transactional freight. New carrier sign-ups in April were relatively consistent with the pace in the first quarter, so we are not currently seeing a negative impact from the April 1 hard enforcement of the ELD mandate. Thank you all for listening this morning, and I will now turn it over to Bob to provide additional context on our segment performance.
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr. - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thank you, Andy, and good morning, everyone. It's a pleasure to be speaking with you all today. I want to open by saying that I'm really looking forward to serving the over 15,000 employees of C.H. Robinson across our global network in this new role. As John mentioned in his introduction, my focus will be on continuing to drive the digital transformation of our business. Each of our business units are at a different stage in this journey, and we have an exciting roadmap ahead of us that will improve our customer and carrier experiences, accelerate the pace of innovation and technology deployment across our platform, and drive greater synergies between our operating divisions, leading to a more streamlined organization. One of the key ways we measure the dynamic nature of the logistics market is captured on slide 10. The light and dark blue lines on the graph represent the percent change in North America truckload rate and cost per mile to customers and carriers, net of fuel cost since 2008. The gray line is the net revenue margin for all transportation services. As John mentioned in his opening remarks, the change in the North America truckload rate per mile and cost per mile both exceeded 20% this quarter. Given the current dynamic of tight capacity and strong demand, we do expect freight market volatility and higher pricing to continue for the balance of the year. You can also see that despite the high level of volatility in a freight market, we are able to maintain our margins through these extended freight cycles. Our first quarter transportation net revenue margin of 16.4% is up slightly versus the same period five years ago and our annual net revenue has increased over $650 million during this five-year time period. One of the metrics we use to measure market capacity and volatility is the routing guide depth from our Managed Services business. In the first quarter, average routing guide depth was 2.0, representing that on average, the second carrier in a shipper's routing guide was executing the shipment. The quarter also included weeks where the routing guide spikes to 5 in certain parts of the country, indicating periods of localized significant type (16:25) markets. By comparison, last year's routing guide depth averaged 1.4, which is typically what you would see in a balanced market. We think this chart does a great job illustrating the significance of both cyclicality and volatility in the North American trucking market. The broad-based increases in market pricing over the past three quarters have presented many challenges for the industry and our customers. I'd like to recognize all of our customer-facing employees that are working to bring innovative solutions that help customers navigate this marketplace. I'd also like to recognize the work of our over 1,300 carrier account managers that are consistently providing a great experience for our carriers. The fact that these carriers choose to work with C.H. Robinson makes it possible for to us serve our customers in this fast changing environment. Turning to slide 11 and our North American Surface Transportation business; NAST net revenue increased 11.4% to $415 million in the quarter, led by growth in our truckload and less than truckload service lines. In the truckload market, the continued combination of strong demand and tight capacity led to a sharp increase in freight cost in the quarter. In our contractual business, we worked with customers to adjust pricing to reflect the rising cost environment. Our teams were also active in helping customers secure capacity within the spot market as customer routing guides failed. Led by higher pricing, our net revenue increased 10.1% to $295 million in the quarter. Re-pricing activity did negatively impact our volumes in the quarter, as double-digit growth in transactional shipments was offset by declines in contractual shipments. Overall truckload volume declined 7% versus the year ago period where volume increased 11%. The combination of contractual volume declines and transactional volume growth resulted in approximate mix of 55% contractual and 45% transactional volume for the quarter. Despite double-digit net revenue growth, we are not satisfied with volume declines in a market where industry truckload volumes are growing. Over the past several years, we've spoken about the concept of balanced growth within our NAST truckload business, and a continued long-term focus on taking market share and growing volumes above industry benchmarks. This continues to be our long-term focus. We realize, though, that over some periods, our volume will either lag or lead that of the overall marketplace as we adjust our portfolio mix in line with market conditions. As a result, we do expect our volume performance to improve in the second quarter and throughout the balance of 2018. Volume comparisons also ease as we move through the year. At the same time, we will continue to remain disciplined on pricing and adjusting to market changes. To help improve volume growth, we continue to add carriers to our network. We added roughly 4,200 new carriers in the first quarter, a 17% increase over last year's first quarter, and a 14% sequential improvement versus fourth quarter. These new carriers moved approximately 22,000 shipments for us in the quarter. As Andy said, the ELD mandate that took effect on December 18 is not slowing our rate of new carrier adoption. In fact, our new carrier adoption rate is increasing. Despite the hard enforcement of the ELD mandate on April 1, we're continuing to sign up new carriers at a rate similar to the first quarter. Carriers continue to see C.H. Robinson as the 3PL of choice. The continued addition of thousands of motor carriers every quarter allows us to continue to expand the largest fleet of motor carriers in North America and bring new capacity solutions to life for our customers. Our less than truckload business delivered another quarter of strong performance. Net revenue increased 14.8% to $107 million, an 8% increase in LTL volume was driven by higher freight in our manufacturing vertical and a 50% increase in e-commerce shipments. Within our intermodal service line, net revenues decreased 13.8% for the quarter, driven by higher accessorial and dray costs. We have just launched a new technology within intermodal which will allow us to more efficiently move freight within our customers' networks from the road to the rail. This launch, coupled with improving rail services, should drive volume and net revenue growth within intermodal over the balance of the year. Slide 12 outlines our NAST operating profit performance. First quarter operating profit increased 11.7% to $174 million. Operating margin improved 10 basis points to 42%, strong performance versus the year-ago period that included the $8.75 million favorable legal settlement. We're making good progress against the efficiency and productivity initiatives we outlined at our Investor Day last May. We continue to invest in technology to drive productivity by launching tools that automate both our customer and carrier interactions, as well as our internal workflows. We're also selectively consolidating activities and office locations across our network to maximize our scale. As a result of this, we were able to deliver total NAST volume growth that exceeded our rate of head count growth for the ninth consecutive quarter. The rate of head count growth in NAST declined for the fourth consecutive quarter and we expect NAST head count to remain flat for the full year. Turning to slide 13 in our Global Forwarding business. Global Forwarding net revenues increased 15.5% to $123 million for the quarter with growth in each of our service lines. Our recent acquisition of Milgram & Company in Canada contributed approximately 5 percentage points to the growth in the quarter. Ocean net revenues increased 8.3% for the quarter with Milgram contributing approximately 3 percentage points to the growth. Ocean shipments increased 11% in the quarter, led by increases in Europe, Oceania, and North America. We have an extremely strong sales pipeline of new and existing customers in our ocean business. First quarter air net revenues increased 27.7%, with Milgram contributing approximately 2 percentage points. Air shipments increased approximately 18% in the quarter, as we continue to have benefits from investments to grow volume and density in our air gateway cities. Air freight costs have increased over the past few quarters, as increased demand continues to outpace supply. So we're actively adjusting pricing to reflect current market conditions. Customs net revenues increased 28.5% in the quarter, with Milgram contributing 21% of that growth. Customs transactions increased approximately 61% in the first quarter as we execute our strategy of broadening our service portfolio and expanding our customs presence across the globe. Our Global Forwarding business continues to benefit from an expanded service offering and geographic footprint. The first quarter of 2018 represents the sixth consecutive quarter of double-digit net revenue growth. I'd like to offer congratulations to the Global Forwarding team on another quarter of strong top-line performance. Slide 14 outlines our Global Forwarding operating profit performance. First quarter operating profit declined 49.3% to $8 million. Operating margin declined 850 basis points to 6.7%. Operating expenses increased 27% in the quarter. Headcount increased 21% with Milgram accounting for approximately 8 percentage points of the head count growth. Increased people and leased warehouse space in air freight and technology investments across all service lines were the primary drivers of the operating expense increase. To be clear, this level of profit performance fell well below our expectations for the quarter. We continue to see significant opportunities to drive scale and geographic reach in our Global Forwarding business. Driving this growth will require continued investments in people, process, and technology. We're excited both about the organic and the acquired growth that's occurred in our Global Forwarding business over the past several years. We also realize we have opportunities to drive greater efficiency in how we operate. The digital transformation of this business is at an earlier stage than some of our other business units. We'll continue to be focused on the significant top-line growth opportunities in front of us, but will also be focused on operating margin expansion through additional technology deployments and intelligent process automation. Over the longer term, we expect our operating margin performance to be consistent with other leading companies in the Global Forwarding segment of the market and we expect our operating margin to improve over the balance of this year. Transitioning to slide 15 and our Robinson Fresh segment. Sourcing net revenues were $30 million, down 1.7% from last year, due to a strategic customer exiting the fresh produce business. Net revenue in our international sourcing business increased at a double-digit pace, and transportation net revenues of $24 million were 9.3% below year ago levels. Truckload volume declines and margin compression in our committed truckload business was partially offset by an increase in revenue per load in transactional truckload business, and double-digit growth in LTL. Slide 16 outlines our Robinson Fresh operating profit performance. First quarter operating profit declined 36.5% to $9 million. Operating margin declined 850 basis points, to 17.3%. Operating expenses increased 6% in the quarter, as a 6% reduction in head count was offset by increased personnel expenses on a per head basis, as well as a write off of a supplier advance. We have implemented plans to improve the profit profile of this Robinson Fresh business. Much of the transportation business re-pricing was completed in the first quarter, and will be implemented in the second quarter. We've also exited certain facilities within the network, invested in technology to improve our sourcing, office efficiency, and implemented stringent operating expense controls. Moving to our all other and corporate businesses on slide 17. As a reminder, all other includes Managed Services, our Surface Transportation outside of North America, other miscellaneous revenues and unallocated corporate expenses. Managed Services net revenue increased 6.5% to $18.3 million in the quarter. Customers are increasingly valuing the Software-as-a-Service based transportation management system, allowing them to control their carrier selection process and manage their complex supply chains without the required investment in technology. Freight under management increased 19% in the quarter to nearly $1 billion. Given the highly automated nature of this business, we were able to invest for both customer and geographic growth and still expand operating profit margins 40 basis points. Other Surface Transportation net revenues increased 2.5% in the quarter to $15.9 million. The increase was primarily the result of volume growth in Europe in both truckload and LTL service lines. We have a strong pipeline of new business and we expect these volume trends to increase in the second quarter. So, before I turn the call back to John for some final comments, I'll take a minute to wrap up this section about our business unit performance. As you've seen, our business results were mixed, but overall positive for the quarter. Through a challenging environment, we assisted our customers in navigating the marketplace in the first quarter, and we helped them to accelerate commerce in their businesses. Looking forward, I'm energized by the opportunities that sit in front of us. We have strong and experienced leaders, with industry expertise across the globe leading each of our services. We've got a team of over 15,000 people across our enterprise that are aggressive, customer-centric, and focused on creating and delivering value. We've got a global digital ecosystem that includes over 120,000 customers and 73,000 active carriers. We've got a technology or organization that's nearly 800 people strong, and is dedicated to continuing to lead our industry in driving innovation, productivity improvement, and customer value. Our foundation has been built around people, process and technology, and this is going to carry forward as we continue to evolve. Look for us to continue to leverage emerging technology and advanced analytics more aggressively, as we move forward in order to further transform how we operate our business and how we serve both our customers and our carriers. I truly believe that our best days are ahead of us. Thanks for listening this morning, and I'll turn it back to John at this point to make some closing comments before we address your pre-submitted questions.
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thank you, Bob. Before moving to the questions, I'll wrap up our prepared remarks with some comments on our expectations for the balance of 2018. We do believe that the current freight market fundamentals will continue for the next several quarters. We expect demand for freight to remain high, with aging driver demographics and declining numbers of new truck drivers, we expect the driver shortage to continue. With the hard enforcement of ELDs taking effect on April 1, we expect industry capacity to remain tight. So given the healthy economy, high freight demand and tight capacity environment, we expect prices to remain elevated for the balance of 2018. We are focused on working closely with our customers to help them understand the market, to ensure we both meet our customer commitments and achieve pricing reflective of the market conditions. We will continue to leverage our digital transformation to provide our people with an expanding set of insights and capabilities to increase the value of the supply chain expertise we deliver to our customers and carriers, and we will remain focused on operating cost efficiency, driving higher levels of service execution, and increasing returns to our shareholders. Lastly, I would also like to personally thank the over 15,000 Robinson employees around the world for their hard work and effort this quarter. In a rapidly-changing freight environment, we were able to deliver double-digit net revenue growth, expand our digital capabilities, make significant investments in our Global Forwarding business, and deliver increased operating income. We also returned $135 million to shareholders this quarter and delivered a significant improvement in our operating cash flow. I'm confident that we have the right people, processes, and technology to continue to win in the marketplace. That concludes our prepared comments. And with that, I will turn it back to the operator to answer the pre-submitted questions.
Operator: Mr. Houghton, the floor is yours for the Q&A session.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thank you, Donna. First, I would like to thank the many analysts and investors for taking the time to submit questions after our earnings release yesterday. For today's Q&A session, I will frame-up the question and then turn it over to John, Andy, or Bob for a response. And the first question is on operating margin and comes from Jack Atkins with Stephens. Chris Weatherbee with Citi, and Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan also asked about operating margin. John, we are in the most robust freight market in nearly 15 years, and C.H. Robinson was only able to drive a 2% increase in operating income on a year-over-year basis. What is the company going to do to improve profitability and how should we be thinking about net operating trends bigger picture?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: The bigger picture approach around profitability when we do our long range planning and when we analyze our business has always been to kind of separate looking at net revenue growth and then the operating margins. It's the way we format this deck for the call and it's the way we do our long-range planning internally. Our goal has been, and remains that we believe we can grow our net revenue and our operating income at similar rates. That brings in all of the stuff that we've already discussed around volume and price at the gross margin level, and then it gets into the operating efficiencies and the scale lever points that we have at the operating income line item. If you look at Q1, we did last year discuss the legal settlement. If you adjust for that, we let you do your own pro forma calculations, but we, in a 10% net revenue quarter, grew our operating income adjusted for that legal settlement in the 6% to 7% range. But as we acknowledged in our prepared comments, on an overall basis, not where we want to be long-term, and what we're doing to improve that as 2018 progresses. Over the last five years, as we've invested significantly in our Global Forwarding network, one of the things we did a couple of years ago was move to segment reporting because we believe that understanding the various services that we offer and the different margin and growth dynamics are relevant. Within the NAST division, the high-level story around profitability is that we committed 20 years ago when we went public, that we were going to be more than a transactional truck broker and that we were also going to serve our customers the way they wanted to be as a Tier I common carrier to go after a lot of those committed freight relationships. While the truckload environment is growing significantly and prices are changing, we've been very transparent in our growth strategy around being a committed provider that also sources capacity on a transactional basis in the marketplace. If you look at our largest source of revenue being a mid-teens margin business that we source daily in the spot market, and those costs went up 21%, we had to re-earn and recommit to well over half of our portfolio in a very active marketplace. So, from the standpoint of we shedded some committed volume and the market was very active, but if you were within Robinson in the first quarter of 2018, you know that a lot of activity occurred and there was a lot of effort put forth to adapt to where the market is at. Despite that, in the NAST segment, we did grow operating income and net revenue at a comparable rate and adjusted for the legal settlement which is pushed into that segment, did show some of the operating leverage and some of the benefits of what a transactional market can give us during this period of time. We talked through, in the prepared comments, the challenges in the GF segment that we continue to grow, but we leaned in heavily on some network investments at the operating expense line item and we will continue to rationalize those quickly to make sure that the ones that are paying off are capitalized on and the rest of them are shut down or balanced accordingly. In Fresh, I think you see some of the segments and verticals where re-pricing is even more challenging, and the sort of net revenue compression that can happen where you're less successful doing that, and we also had some expense challenges that Bob talked about and we're addressing there. So overall, we're not happy with the operating income performance for the quarter, but we're on top of it. We believe that we have the right model and the right disciplines in place to grow our operating income more in line with our net revenue for the remainder of this year. And long-term that continues to be our growth strategy for value creation and growing the business together.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. The next question is on volume and comes from Dave Vernon with Bernstein. Ken Hoexter with Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan also asked about volume. Bob, can you discuss the drivers of volume decline in the truckload segment? Is this loads you can't find capacity for and are turning away, or is this freight that is being booked away by shippers?
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr. - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: So we talked about it in some of the prepared comments and the fact that our volume decline within North America transportation for Q1 was largely driven by declines in the contractual marketplace, while our spot market or transactional business actually grew double digits. We do see this happen typically in periods of rising rates, where that portfolio tends to shift a little bit. As we've talked about before, Robinson does tend to have a higher percentage of our total portfolio tied to those committed customer contracts. So we worked hard in first quarter to manage those commitments for our customers, ensuring that we met the awards that were given to us in the best of our ability. As we look forward and think about truckload volume, we do anticipate that volume to come back, both in the transactional and the spot market throughout the period of the balance of this year. Typically, when we're in environments like this, you might see shippers award heavy to contractual, but then see that some of those rates don't pay out, and we have routing guide degradation or routing guide failure. And in most cases, we may see opportunities come back to us in subsequent weeks, months, or quarters.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Bob. The next question is from Matt Young with Morningstar. John, could you please provide some color on the tradeoff between volume and core pricing within the NAST truckload business?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: So Bob addressed what's happening in the current marketplace. I want to try to build a little bit on the volume/pricing tradeoffs in terms of our go-to-market strategies and how we think about this longer term. There is no question that over the longer period that the gains in market share and increases in volumes are what drive a lot of the value creation in Robinson. So many of our core business practices are about go-to-market sales activities, targeting different regions or segments, and making certain that we're very aggressively going after volume in the aggregate to expand our network and continue to grow our market share. On a year-to-year basis, in terms of how we're thinking about pricing and volume tradeoffs, because of the fact that we source all of our capacity in the marketplace, we don't really get to decide exactly what that tradeoff of volume and margin is going to be. It's a very iterative process with our customers during the bids. While we believe we're the largest truckload provider in North America, it's most common to have several hundred participants and bidders in a large contract bid. And those bid processes are really settling through what that shipper's particular view may be around price increases and how they're approaching the market, and comparing and contrasting what we and the other providers sort out. So even though we're a large provider, it's a very fragmented market, and we do not have the kind of market share to sort of command exactly where we want to end up in that volume and pricing tradeoff in each particular committed relationship. I think what you're seeing in the current market is that we believe that the material or significant price increases are going to stay with us for the remainder of the year. Some of the repricing that occurred last year has proven to be inadequate, and some of the pricing that we're applying in the marketplace today is not being accepted by those shippers who are trying to take a different approach in terms of how they route their freight. So we do accept the fact that there are volume and price tradeoffs, and it just becomes a byproduct of how we enter into each bid arrangement and the results of each of those shipper interactions.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. The next question is from Fadi Chamoun with BMO. Bob, can you grow volumes in NAST without adding head count? Maybe thoughts on the operating leverage opportunity you see in the segment as you continue to benefit from favorable market conditions.
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr. - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Yeah, absolutely. We've shown in the last few quarters that we can grow volume at a rate ahead of head count growth, and that is our plan moving forward. Our head count mix is a little bit more complex than it appears at the summarized level that we report at due to the fact that we're organized within the business into specific functions. So as we introduce more process automation, more digital trading with our customers and carriers, we're able to grow both volume and revenue, without adding head count within certain functions. This still allows us to invest in head count that drives top line revenue growth in roles such as sales and account management.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Bob. The next question is from Ben Hartford with R.W. Baird. Andy, any reason to believe the 2018 Q1 bad debt expense provision for doubtful accounts will remain elevated for the balance of the year, or was it simply a first quarter issue given the supplier advance write off?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Yeah, thank you. One of the highlights of the first quarter was actually the really strong cash flow performance where we generated just over $200 million in cash flow from operations. If you compare that to Q1 of last year, that was $92 million, and if you compare that to the fourth quarter of 2017, it was $165 million. So really strong cash flow performance driven by strong earnings performance as well as strong working capital performance. The allowance for doubtful accounts was down 5% from the end of the year. So the team out there and broadly speaking the business, finance have done a wonderful job of driving the order to cash cycle. And the improvements that we made in the first quarter of this year, we would expect to see continue throughout 2018.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. The next question is from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna. Bob, are you still seeing customers eager to lock in committed truckload rates with Robinson despite today's elevated market? Or are your customers becoming more willing to take on spot rate risk looking into the second and third quarters?
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr. - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: So I think it helps with this question to think about kind of the macro environment around truckload in terms of what freight typically moves in the contract versus spot. And if we think about the normal marketplace, typically 80% to 85% of freight is going to move in that contractual marketplace and 15% to 20% moving in transactional. So if we think back to last year at this time when spot rates really lagged contractual rates, we actually saw shippers withholding some portion of their total freight from their bid activities so that they could capitalize on that spot environment. Today in this rising cost environment, where the spot rates are more of a leading indicator to higher contractual rates, shippers are really working to maximize the amount of freight that they're allocating into that contractual marketplace. The reality, though, is many of these awarded rates don't necessarily hold up in rising markets. And what was originally planned as contract or committed ends up being tendered in a secondary market of some sort. That could come either at higher and non-awarded rates or in the true open spot market. So I don't know that shippers necessarily plan in this environment to have more freight enter the spot market. The freight that goes into the spot is typically more of an outcome of a plan that maybe didn't execute at the level that was planned for.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks. The next question is also for Bob, and comes from Todd Fowler with KeyBanc. How is bid season progressing and how much of your contract book has repriced 2018 to-date?
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr. - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: So John made some comments in an earlier question about the bid activity and the number of participants in the bids that we participate in. We stated in fourth quarter that we repriced a portion of our contractual business. As I think everyone knows, repricing activity is typically highest in the first quarter, but given the market dynamics over the past few months, repricing has been much more fluid than in more normal cycles. And bids and repricing has tended to happen a little bit more on the fly as these original plans fail to derive expected results. So even though typical cycles are annual and bidding, our research shows us that the average age that a load actually moves at is closer to six to eight months versus annual, due to both customer and carrier networks changing. So this question of how much of our book has been repriced is a difficult one to answer. When we get the opportunity to reprice existing business in these bids, we also get the opportunity to price business that we previously haven't had the opportunity to participate in as a contractual provider. So when we see these bids, we typically see a rebalancing where we win some lanes that we previously didn't have and we lose some lanes that previously we may have had in the past period as a contractual provider. Overall, we see the opportunity to bid on tens of billions of dollars of available freight on an annual basis that in this market shippers would prefer to assign as contractual. As John said earlier, we work leveraging our analytics and our processes and our pricing data to look at where we believe the market is going to go and represent the overall macro pricing environment in the marketplace. And shippers then make that decision on where to route us as either a contractual or committed provider, or leverage us in more of a backup or spot market environment.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Bob. The next question is on the competitive environment, and comes from Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley. Ken Hoexter of Bank of America Merrill Lynch also asked about the competitive environment. Andy, have you seen more or less of tech entrants competitors in the marketplace given current market conditions?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Yeah, the short answer is not really. So in terms of pure tech entrants, 2018 isn't any different than really the news that's been out there for the last several years. But I guess we'd like to take this opportunity to maybe broaden that out a little more in terms of, we face thousands of competitors every day in all parts of our business. And our go-to-market has been based on our people, our process, and our technology, and we have a great technology team. We invest a lot of money in our technology. And so we really want to make sure that when we talk about that, both internally as well as with our customers as well as our investors, we just think it's a combination of all three of those that differentiates us in the marketplace. If you just then begin to think about if you came into the marketplace and purely as a tech play, when the market dislocated as much as it did at the end of the third quarter and into the fourth quarter and now continuing into 2018, we just don't think that that's a competitive advantage or a competitive edge when you're going and talking to our customers. And we do – John, Bob, I, our business leaders, our account managers, are out there every day, talking to our customers and they're looking for technology. They all want that technology and we believe that we're bringing it to them. But it's more than just technology. As Bob and John mentioned in their remarks as well as in their answers, you've got to be able to cover the freight, you've got to be able to help them manage very complex global supply chains, and you do that with technology, but you also do it with your people and your processes.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. The next question is for Bob. A number of analysts asked about operating margin in Global Forwarding. Can you describe the investments you are making in this business, and at what point would you expect to see margin improvement?
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr. - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Bob. So since our acquisition of Phoenix International in 2012, we've stated that our operating margin expectations are to be in the range of the industry leaders and close to or exceeding 30%, excluding acquisition amortization. So we still believe this is our target in a realistic case over time. If we look back at the past several quarters, we've invested in head count and facilities to drive revenue growth, specifically in the area of air freight. We feel really good about our growth in air freight over the last couple of quarters, as well as the top line growth in our other Global Forwarding services. But we realize we've got some work to do to catch up on our forward investment and expenses. So related to the Milgram acquisition, we also added some heads in Asia ahead of transitioning agent (47:44) business from that acquisition. Those will also generate revenue moving forward. As we've made acquisitions in Global Forwarding over the past few years, we realize that we do still have some synergies to capture through these acquisitions, and we're focused on recognizing those. Late in the first quarter, we made some changes to some global processes around managing our transactions that we anticipate will have a measurable difference to our employee productivity compared to trailing quarters. So we're certainly not pleased with our operating margins this quarter, but we do expect our operating margins to return to a more normal level and to improve as 2018 progresses.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Bob. The next question is for John. Several analysts have asked, what is fundamentally different about the Global Forwarding business that makes it a lower margin business than NAST?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: So for those of you who have followed the Robinson story over the 21 years of us being publicly traded, you know that we started shortly before going public around our Global Forwarding diversification, and are 21 years, 20-some years into it. And I've confessed for the majority of that time that we weren't profitable or weren't successful until that tipping point of our acquisition of Phoenix 5.5 years, 6 years ago where we reached a certain level of scale. Throughout the last couple of decades, we've had the opportunity to do due diligence on a couple dozen different investment opportunities and have completed a couple of transactions, including the Phoenix investment. Over that time, I guess we've become reasonably confident in our assessment of kind of the industry benchmarks and what our goals are and how they compare and contrast to our NAST or our other emerging businesses. At the gross margin level, Global Forwarding is a higher-margin business than our North American truckload. Both the air and ocean margins, from a percentage standpoint, are actually higher than our North America Surface Transportation. They're unique in that they require scale more so than the truckload. There really isn't that same opportunity to transactionally go after a single ocean box or some air freight. It's much more complex in terms of how you build corridors and how you contract with a more limited number of providers to make sure that you have the right scale and density in certain corridors. As you can tell by this quarter's results, we continue to learn and invest in certain corridors and air freight and building out the maturity of our Global Forwarding network. But at the gross margin level, it actually can be higher than our North American Surface Trans, and that's what our experience has been the last five or six years. When you look at operating margins, we have articulated, and Bob restated that 30% growth goal, because we've acquired some businesses we exclude amortization, but from an operating standpoint, the operating income target of 30% of net revenue is lower than our mature NAST business, which has been in the low 40s. We also have some emerging businesses and Managed Services in Europe where we're in the double-digit, low double-digits or high single-digits where those are more maturing businesses. In Global Forwarding, because you have businesses in a number of countries, you have local statutory and compliance requirements, you have overhead associated with at least two countries in every transaction, you have a lot more compliance costs around border clearances and different things, it is just a more cost-intensive and a more mature competitive global business that brings different cost structures with it. So, when we benchmark and look around, we feel fairly confident that that's an aggressive healthy target for us. And when you combine all of that, we feel like the returns on capital and the growth opportunities for value creation in Global Forwarding are comparable to those in our North America Surface Transportation and the other business units that we're transacting in.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. Andy, a few analysts have asked about the Milgram acquisition. Bobby Termone (51:24) with BMO and Tom Wadewitz with UBS. Talk about the integration of Milgram. How is it progressing and has it played out in terms of its contribution as you had expected? Also, how long and how much investment does it take to convert the Milgram agent business?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Yeah, I'm going to dovetail both John and Bob's comments. And when we started with the Phoenix acquisition, continued with the APC, and now Milgram, these are all important steps in our strategy in our global expansion, and our go-to-market with our customers. So, we've been really exceedingly pleased with all of them. To dive right into Milgram, at the end of the first quarter, we had converted about 80% of that agent business. So we expect by the end of the second quarter to have converted 100% of it. Bob mentioned some of the investments that we're making in Asia and we've got a great team in Canada that are really helping us grow our presence there. And just having completed that acquisition at the start of the fourth quarter of last year, we feel really good about the progress the entire global team is making. If we go back, we ended last year with over $2 billion of gross revenue, and I think the Global Forwarding team is really starting to hit its stride, both in terms of its ability to serve its customers across the globe. And we think Milgram is an important part of that.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. Todd Fowler with KeyBanc and Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan asked about our digital transformation. Bob, please elaborate on the comments around accelerating the digital transformation. Is this in response to increased competition in the marketplace relative to recent quarters or to improve employee productivity or for some other reason?
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr. - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: We've been on the path of this digital transformation really for years, if we think back to the fact that we were one of the first 3PLs to really leverage the web and mobile applications to communicate with both customers and carriers while also being focused on enhancing internal processes to be more automated. In terms of the current context, what I would think about in terms of our digital transformation is really this concept of journeys, and thinking about our customer journey, thinking about the carrier journey, from an order-to-cash cycle, as well as the employee journey and how they get work done. So, we're focused on how we can reduce and remove as much friction from these journeys as possible, while still meeting the customers and carriers where and how they want to interact with us. So, we're looking at how we can enable trade by using advanced analytics and science in areas where historically we've relied on human decision support and manual processes. And this isn't about replacing all the personal interaction that so many of our customers and carriers appreciate, but really building better workflows for all stakeholders in a manner that reduces costs, increases efficiency, and improves quality. So, this isn't about just the next great mobile app. It's more about reengineering how we get work done in the context of leading-edge technology really enhancing the work of our people and our processes.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks. The next question is also for Bob. Ben Hartford with R. W. Baird asked how quickly do you expect Robinson Fresh EBIT margins to normalize after the first quarter customer loss and margin pressure?
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr. - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Much of the Robinson Fresh transportation business was repriced in the first quarter and will be implemented throughout the course of the second quarter. We expect this to have positive impact to EBIT margins; however, I think it's important to point out one of the differences between Robinson Fresh transportation and NAST transportation, and that's that they tend to have a much more concentrated customer base, and tend to lean more heavily towards contractual relationships when compared to the broader NAST business. So, given a continuing rising rate environment and expected increase in costs and purchase transportation, this will serve as a headwind to Robinson Fresh in the coming quarters. As we stated on the call, we have also exited a couple of facilities, which will drive down cost savings in that business. And we've implemented some pretty stringent cost controls around our variable expenses within Robinson Fresh. Related to the specific customer loss that we mention in the release, this will lapse during the second half of the year between Q3 and Q4. And, overall, will have less than a 1% impact on Robinson Fresh total net revenue for the year.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks. One more question for Bob, from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. What is leading LTL growth within transportation? Are you offering new services?
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr. - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: LTL has been a great story in North America. And, frankly, one that we probably don't talk enough about. In 2015, we acquired Freightquote in order to gain more efficient access to that small and micro segment of customers that focus on LTL shipping. And since that time, we've combined the strengths of the legacy Robinson business, as well as the legacy Freightquote business, to really build an industry leading platform for LTL shipping that meets the needs of a full spectrum of customers, from the smallest micro shipper to the large global companies. Through technology and process integration, we've made it really easy for our customers to manage their LTL business with Robinson, whether that customer that ships once per quarter or the most complex global companies. So, our customer mix and our service mix within LTL spans the size segments and also spans the service continuum. So we think that our ability to blend really compelling common carrier LTL service, as well as our own consolidation network and temperature controlled LTL, as well as parcel, continues to be a really nice differentiator for us in that business. It's a highly automated and highly efficient business for Robinson.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks Bob. Next question is from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Andy, in Managed Services, what were the primary drivers of the 40-basis point operating margin expansion in the quarter?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Yeah, our Managed Services business, which the brands are TMC and Freightview, they've done a great job and are an important part of our go-to-market strategy with our customers. As Bob mentioned, it's a SaaS based business, and they grew their freight under management to nearly $1 billion in the first quarter. So they're performing really well. Because of their processes that they put in place, they're able to bring on customers and grow revenue in a pretty efficient manner because it's longer-term contracts with recurring annual revenue of once you bring them in, you're able to operate that business more efficiently. So, both of those teams, TMC and Freightview have done a great job of bringing in customers in a very cost-effective manner.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. And our last question is from Ben Hartford of R. W. Baird. Bob, what are your expectations for head count across NAST, Global Forwarding, and Robinson Fresh for the balance of 2018?
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr. - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: So, I think I stated it on the call that we anticipate NAST head count to be flat for 2018 compared to year-end 2017. Global Forwarding head count will show up continuing to be inflated due to the Milgram acquisition and other investments, but we do anticipate that as we look forward sequentially, that will flatten out or decline throughout the balance of this year. Within Robinson Fresh, we look for Robinson Fresh head count to be down on a year-over- year basis throughout the balance of 2018.
Robert Houghton - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Bob. That concludes the Q&A portion of today's earnings call. A replay of the call will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website at chrobinson.com at approximately 11:30 a.m. Eastern time today. If you have additional questions, I can be reached by phone or email. Thank you again for participating in our first quarter 2018 conference call. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Timothy Gagnon - Director of IR John Wiehoff - Chairman and CEO Andrew Clarke - CFO
Analysts:
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Fourth Quarter 2017 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today’s presentation, Tim Gagnon will facilitate a review of previously submitted questions. [Operator Instructions]  As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, January 31, 2018. I will now turn the conference over to Tim Gagnon, Vice President.
Timothy Gagnon : Thank you, Donna, and good morning, everyone. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Clarke, Chief Financial Officer. John and Andy will provide some prepared remarks on the highlights of our fourth quarter and full year results. We will follow that with a response to the pre-submitted questions we received after our earnings release yesterday. Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate the discussion. The slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is located at chrobinson.com. John and Andy will be referring to these slides in their prepared comments. I’d like to remind you that comments made by John, Andy, or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. With that, I'll turn it over to John to begin his prepared comments on slide 3, with a review of our fourth quarter results.
John Wiehoff : Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our call this morning. I'll start with the results. Total revenues increased 16% in the fourth quarter, driven by the increased pricing in truckload, volume growth across our other transportation service lines and higher fuel costs.  Total company net revenues increased 12.5% in the quarter primarily driven by the increases in both NAST and Global Forwarding. Operating income was 211 million in the fourth quarter up 8.9% over the last year and net income was a 153 million up 24.7%. The quarter included non-recurring tax items that Andy will cover as he reviews the details of the financial results. Average headcount was up 6.8% versus last year's fourth quarter and our diluted earnings per share was a $1 rate in the fourth quarter up from $0.86 last year. The improved results in the quarter reflects the hard work of our teams across the network. Market conditions changed significantly from the first half of the year to the second half. The experience of our team and the ability to adapt to changes in the business climate is one of the strengths of Robinson. This capability was critical to our success in the fourth quarter. For the full-year we finish with approximately 15 billion of total revenues and our portfolio of services continues to be stronger and more diversified than at any time in our past. We served over 120,000 customers and 73,000 carriers and suppliers around the world in 2017.  Prior to talking through the deck, I want to highlight some of the headline themes that you'll be hearing us talk about. Starting with pricing, there were significant price increases in many of our services during the fourth quarter. On our truck load pricing chart, the price increase over the previous year was 15%. Our business model is filled to drive innovation and adjustments to the market and we're continuing to do that.  Our committed pricing to customers does create margin volatility for us when price increases accelerate. That will continue to be an important topic in our fourth quarter results as well as discussing monthly activity in January. There were also significant price increases in other areas of transportation services during the quarter.  Additionally, investing in people process and technology has been and continues to be critical to our success. We finished 2017 with just over 15,000 employees, up 6.7% from 2016. With transportation volumes across all services increasing 9.5% in 2017 and an expanded global presence our talented team continues to focus on building relationships and delivering supply chain expertise to shippers and carriers around the world. In technology we are focused on digitization and visibility to drive efficiencies and further leverage our scale and data advantage. We will continue to build on the strategic teams of having the best team, innovating processes and investing in our platform.  Last the tax reform changes signed in the law yearend will be a benefit to our business. For many years we hoped that tax reform was needs in the U.S. and we expect the benefits to be a source for continued investment and to allow us to be more globally competitive.  With those introductory comments, I will turn it over to Andy to review our financial statements.
Andrew Clarke : Thank you, John, and thank you, Tim and good morning, everyone. I would like to begin by recognizing our entire network for their efforts in the fourth quarter. We executed and helped our customers to navigate some of the most challenging circumstances and recent memory. And doing so, we achieved solid financial results in the fourth quarter with momentum moving into 2018.  Now, onto the summarized income statement on slide four. Net revenues increased 12.5% to $632 million, the largest contributors for truck load services which is up $45 million, global forwarding services up $13 million and less than truck load services up $11 million.  Fourth quarter personnel expenses increased 19.7% as a result of higher variable compensation and a 6.8% increase in headcount. We’ve mentioned in the past that our compensation plans are annual, but adjusted on a quarterly basis. The adjustments this quarter are increasing as a result improved in the quarter, while the results were declining in last year’s fourth quarter plus driving lower incentive compensation during that period. For the full year, personnel expense increased 10.8% on a 7.4% increase in headcount and a 19.5% increase in overall volume.  SG&A expenses were relatively flat in the quarter at $109 million. The slight increase was due to higher warehousing, occupancy, equipment rental and depreciation partially offset by lower claims travel and entertainment and temporary labor.  Operating income as a percent of net revenue was 33.4%, 110 basis points below last year’s fourth quarter and up 70 basis points sequentially. Our objective is to grow operating income at a rate equal to or greater than net revenue and while we narrow the gap we still have work to do. We will continue to manage expenses and strive for greater efficiencies as we move through 2018.  As John mentioned, our fourth quarter results contains certain nonrecurring tax items which fall into two primary categories. The first is a domestic manufacturing tax deduction under Section 199 of the Tax Act. And the second relates to the Tax Reform Act passed in December that target revaluation of deferred tax liabilities which reflect a lower domestic tax rate in the future. These nonrecurring tax benefits are partially offset by an increase in repatriation tax on forward earnings and other impacts of the legislation. In total, these items lowered our fourth quarter provision for income tax by $31.8 million.  The effective tax rate was 21.1% in the fourth quarter and 30.7% for the full year. Including the benefits of the new US tax legislation, we expect our 2018 effective tax rate to be between 24% and 25%. We believe tax reform will be a benefit to our company, our employees, our customers and our shareholders in 2018 and beyond. This act increases our ability to invest in areas of growth and efficiency which help us drive greater shareholder value.  Moving onto slide five and other financial information. We generated $162 million in cash in the quarter and $381 million for the full year. On a year-over-year basis, the decrease in cash flow from operations for the year was due to the increase in account receivables, increase volumes, customer rates and cost of transportation resulted in increased growth in working capital. While we need to do a better job of working with our customers to drive down our DSO, it is typical to see the receivables grow during periods of accelerating top line growth.  We had $11.5 million in capital expenditures in the fourth quarter and $58 million for the full-year. For 2018 we estimate capital expenditures to be between 60 million and 70 million the majority of which will be dedicated to technology. We finished the quarter with 334 million in cash up almost 40 million from the third quarter and our debt balance is unchanged at $1.47 billion.  On to slide 6, on our capital distribution to shareholders. We returned approximately $118 million to shareholders in the quarter, with over $65 million in dividends and nearly $53 million in share repurchases. For the year, we return at 91.5% of our net income to shareholders. The majority for our earnings are generated in the United States, so we have historically paid a high tax rate. The reduction in the U.S. corporate tax rate will certainly increase our earnings and cash flows from operations in the future.  In line with our stated policy we will continue to evaluate and deploy our capital in ways that both drive better performance and increase shareholder value. We will continue to invest in our people, processes and technology as collectively these generate outstanding results for our customers and returns for our shareholders.  Corporate development and acquisitions have been and will be an important part of our future strategy. Over the last several years we've spent over $1.2 billion on company's and people that are important part of our current go-to-market strategy. That will continue to be an area of high priority for us.  And finally share repurchases and dividends over the last five years we've returned over $2.8 billion to our shareholders in the form of buybacks and dividends. We will continue to reward our shareholders through this avenue in 2018 and beyond.  Moving on to slide 7, and net revenue by service. This slide represents the service revenue for all of our business units. I will not review this slide in detail, but rather make comments about the various services within the business segments. Moving on to slide 8 and our transportation results. Transportation total revenues were up 17.2% in the fourth quarter to over 3.6 billion and we finished the year at 13.5 billion. Both results are all time highs for our organization.  Fourth quarter transportation net revenue margins decreased 60 basis points to 16.6%. The decrease was driven by margin contraction and our Global Forwarding business, more on that in the coming section.  We finished the full-year in 2017 at 16.6% down 180 basis points from 2016. The truckload margins pressure [ph] we experienced throughout the first three quarters in 2017 was the primary driver of the decreased net revenue margin. Turning to Slide 9, and North America truckload price and cost chart. On this graph, the light and dark blue lines represent the percent change in North America truckload rate, and cost per mile to customers and carriers net of fuel costs since 2008. The grey line is the net revenue margin for all transportation services.  In this year's fourth quarter, the North America truckload rate per mile increased 15% while cost to mile increased 14.5%. Q4 was the first quarter in the past six quarters where the change in price outpace the change in cost. We have mentioned in the past that the duration and severity of supply and demand and balance will factor in pricing outcomes. We do expect market volatility at higher pricing to continue throughout 2018 at both contractual and spot market freight.  The volatile market conditions which started at the end of the third quarter continued in the fourth quarter. One of the other metrics we often share is the routing guide deck from our manage services business. In December, the routing guide deck was two, representing that on average the second carrier in a shipper's riding guide was executing the shipment. As I mentioned that this was an average of two during the month.  However, during the quarter, we experience weeks where the routing guides spiked to over three and was over four in certain parts of the country. By comparison last year’s routing guide deck was 1.4 which is what you typically see in a more balance market.  We think this chart does a great job illustrating the significance of cyclicality and the volatility in the North American trucking market. The dramatic increase in pricing from the first quarter to the fourth quarter was challenging for our business and I’d like to recognize the NAV and customer facing operations teams on their ability to successfully execute and adapt this fast-changing market.  Moving on to slide 10 and the North America surface transportation results. In the North America surface transportation segment, total revenues were approximately $2.6 billion in the quarter, an increase of 14.8% over last year’s fourth quarter. NAST net revenues increased 14.3% to $415 million as a result of increases in both truck load and less than truck load services.  Net revenue margin was 15.9% in the fourth quarter which is flat versus last year. Our fourth quarter margin represents a 60-basis point improvement sequentially as we successfully repriced a portion of our contractual business in the quarter. The quarter also benefited from the double-digit volume and pricing growth and higher margin transactional business.  Operating expenses increased 14.2% as a result of increase personnel expenses primarily driven by additional headcount and higher variable compensation expense when compared to last year’s fourth quarter. NAST income from operations was up 14.5% to $181 million. For the year NAST generated just under $630 million in operating income. NAST operating margin was 43.5% in the quarter, up slightly from the 43.4% last year and up a very nice 340 basis points sequentially from the third quarter. Employee count was 6,878 up 1% from last year’s fourth quarter and down 120 people sequentially from the third quarter.  Now onto slide 11 and the results by service within NAST. NAST truck load net revenues were $305 million up 16.6% from last year’s fourth quarter. The truck loan market continues to experience high capacity and rising cost beyond the third quarter when hurricanes and the beginning peak season caused the market disruption. In the fourth quarter, a strong holiday season led by e-commerce the official implementation of ELDs and severe winter weather further impacted and already tight capacity environment.  Our account management and capacity teams executed well in this environment. In our contractual business we work with our customers to adjust pricing to adapt to the rising cost environment. Pricing for our truck load business increased 15% in the quarter. The repricing activities did negatively impact our volumes in the contractual business and with the primary driver of the 3% volume decrease in the quarter.  The truckload Boeing and decline accelerate through the quarter with October down 1%, November flat and December down 4% all on a year-over-year basis. And despite rising cost we continue to honor our customer commitments. Our negative loads associated with contractual shipments were nearly double a typical fourth quarter.  The fourth quarter was an active quarter for repricing and this cadence has accelerated into the first quarter which is typically the highest volume quarter for bid activity our team will also active in helping customers as they are routing to guys to deteriorated.  Growth in our transactional shipments partially offset the contractual shipment declines resulting in approximate 50-50 split between those segments for the quarter. Pricing and margins were higher on these transactional opportunities helping to offset the pressured contractual margins. In January we are seeing a double digit increase in transactional volume and continued increase in pricing.  We had 3,700 new carriers in the fourth quarter, a 9% increase over last year. These new carriers moved approximately 17,000 shipments for us in the quarter, while the ELD mandate did not take effect until December 18th we did not see a slowdown in signing up new carriers in the quarter.  For the first time in our relatively young LTL, 3PL history we crossed the $100 million mark in net revenue for the quarter. We are all proud of the great work that the NAST team is doing and in particular the LTL Group including Freightquote. Its yet another way we differentiate ourselves as the leading 3PL in North America.  Volumes in LTL increased 10% versus the fourth quarter of last year driven by increases in the ecommerce and manufacturing verticals. LTL pricing and cost increased in the quarter as a result of larger shipment sizes, higher purchase transportation cost and increased fuel prices versus last year's fourth quarter. Intermodal net revenues decreased 34.4% in the quarter consistent with previous quarters we are seeing growth in lower margin contractual business and declines in transactional business. In total volumes increased 7% in the quarter.  Slide 12, outlines our Global Forwarding results. Total revenues for Global Forwarding segment in the fourth quarter were $591 million, up 24.2% versus last year. Our Global Forwarding team has been on a very nice growth trend in the past several years. Over that time, we've significantly expanded our service offering, grown organically and successfully brought two wonderful companies into the fold. Congratulations to the Global Forwarding team for exceeding 2 billion in total revenue for the full-year.  Fourth quarter net revenues were $128 million a 12.1% increase from 2016. Milgram & Company contributed approximately 5 percentage points to the growth in the quarter. As a reminder, Milgram is a world class provider of freight folding, custom’s brokerage and surface transpiration in Canada.  Organic net revenue growth was approximately 7% in the quarter. Net revenue margin was 21.6% down from 24% last year. The margin expression was a result of lower margins in both air and ocean service lines. Operating expenses increased 24.1% in the fourth quarter. During the quarter, headcount increased 19% with Milgram accounting for approximately 8%. Additionally, as in other part of the business, we saw an increase in performance-based compensation. SG&A expenses were also up in the quarter driven by investments in air freight and technology with slightly higher levels of reserves for doubtful account. Income from operations was down 31.6% to just under $17 million and operating margin was 13.2% in the quarter.  Turning to slide 13. Our Global Forwarding and Service Lines. Ocean net revenues were up 5.5% with the acquisition of Milgram contributing approximately three percentage points of the growth. Ocean shipments increased approximately 12.5% in the quarter.  In 2017, for the third year we maintained our ranking as the number one NBOCC from China to the United States.  Air net revenues increased 16.7% with Milgram contributing two percentage points. Air shipments increased approximately 28% in the quarter as we continue to execute on our strategy to grow volume and density in our Air Gateway cities. Air freight cost have increased over the past couple of quarters, as increase demand continues to outpace supply. Customs net revenues increased 33.3% with Milgram contributing 22 percentage points of the growth. Customs transaction increased approximately 68% in the fourth quarter.  The Milgram integration is going well and we are currently working with our global chain to convert their agent business into our network, it is very similar to what we did after acquiring APC.  Transitioning to Robinson Fresh business on slide 14. Robinson Fresh total revenues were $595 million an increase of 12.3% in the fourth quarter. Net revenues were $54 million up 4.6% from last year driven by increased sourcing and other transportation net revenues partially offset by a decrease in truck load net revenues in the quarter. Robinson Fresh operating expenses increased 6.4% in the fourth quarter, the increase was due to increased personnel expenses partially offset by a decrease in SG&A.  Income from operations was approximately flat versus last year at $12.9 million. Robinson Fresh average headcount decreased 1.7% in the quarter. We’d like to thank the Robinson Fresh team for doing a nice job and executing in the dynamic commodity and transportation environments to deliver improved results in the quarter.  Moving on to slide 15 in our sourcing results. Robinson Fresh sourcing total revenue increased 2.8% in the fourth quarter and net revenue increased 4.6%. Sourcing case volume increased 1% and net revenue margins increased slightly in the quarter as a result of higher net revenue per case.  Slide 16 outlines our Robison Fresh transportation business. Robinson Fresh transportation total revenues increased 25.1% in the fourth quarter, driven by truckload volume growth of 18%. Robinson Fresh transportation net revenue increased 4.5% in the fourth quarter, due primarily to an increase in lessened truckload and intermodal net revenues which is partially offset by a decrease in truckload net revenues in the quarter. Moving on to All Other and Corporate on Slide 17. All Other includes our Managed Services business, as well as surface transportation outside of North America and other miscellaneous revenues, as well as unallocated corporate expenses. Headcount was up 6.7% in this area, and this was primarily the result of personnel increases in technology, other enterprise resources, European Surface Transportation, and Managed Services. Turning to Slide 18, net revenues for the Other category increased 6.6% in the fourth quarter. Managed Services net revenues increased 3.7% in the fourth quarter driven by adding customers and growing business with our existing customers. The lower growth rate in this year's fourth quarter was expected given this current performance in the fourth quarter of 2016 when net revenues increased 33%. The Managed Services business finished the year with approximately $3.5 billion in freight under management and 11.5% net revenue growth.  Other Surface Transportation net revenues increased 10.1% in the fourth quarter of 2017 to $16.2 million. The increase was primarily the result of truckload volume growth in Europe, to partially offset by truckload margin compression. We continue to grow market share in Europe and are pleased with the work the team is doing. I'll finish my remarks today by again thank you the entire Robinson team to their performance during the volatile fourth quarter. We made some significant improvements versus the third quarter and we head into 2018 with positive momentum. Thank you for listening this morning, and I'll turn it back to John to make some closing comments before we answer some of your questions.
John Wiehoff: Thanks, Andy. Before we move onto the questions, I will take a couple of minutes to wrap things up with some final comments related to our month to date activity so far in January. Consistent with past quarters we have shared a couple of key metrics for our month to date activity. Through January we have seen global net revenues increase by approximately 5% for business day while truckload volumes have declined by approximately 7% per business day. We have one additional business day this January compared to last year. Our consistent practice is to share the per business day comparison of net revenue. In terms of our North American surface transportation business we saw the year start with significant weather events that displace capacity and cause shipping patterns to be disrupted. These events coupled with motor carriers working to understand and implement the impacts of the ELD mandate to their networks resulted in a disrupted market place with increased cost and rates and a constrained capacity tool.  While we work to honor our commitments to our committed customers during this time of disruption we saw a volume drop double digit to start the month in our core North America truckload business, and down single digits in our LTL business. So far in January net revenue margins are remaining consistent sequentially when compared to the fourth quarter of 2017, and both truckload and LTL volumes have begun to recover in the second half of the month after a slow start. From a year-over-year comparison standpoint we had double digit volume growth last January that we are comparing to. As we discussed on our third quarter call we continue to be active and reprising business were appropriate across all our modes and services as we deal with an extremely fluid marketplace. Given the healthy economy high freight demand and tight capacity environment we do expect prices to increase in 2018. We will work closely with our customers to help them understand the market to ensure we can both meet our customer commitments and achieve pricing reflective of the marketplace conditions.  Our account management practices including how we manage the relationship between cost and price while continuing to provide outstanding service to our customers is as it is important as ever in this dynamic market.  We expect to see a significant benefit to our business from U.S. corporate tax reform. As the majority of our earnings are generated in the United States we've historically paid a high tax rate so the lower tax rate will increase our cash flow. These benefits of tax reform will enable us to increase investment in our business which should be good for both us and our customers supply chains.  We will win in 2018 by leveraging our three most critical assets our people our processes and our technology will continue to invest in data analytics, vertical expertise and our management to our mark people with the right information insights and capabilities to best serve our customers and carriers. We will leverage our Navisphere platform and digital strategies to drive process efficiency for our customers and carriers and cost efficiency for our company through continued investment in technology.  In closing I want to personally thank the over 15,000 employees around the world for all their outstanding contributions to Robinson in 2017. These are dynamic times in the logistics industry and I'm confident we have the right team in place to win in the marketplace in 2018 and beyond.  That concludes our prepared comments and with that I will turn it back to the operator, so that we can answer the pre-submitted questions. 
Operator: Mr. Gagnon, the floor is yours for the question-and-answer session. 
A - Timothy Gagnon: Thank you, Donna. And first I'd like to just take a minute to thank the many analysts and investors for taking the time to submit questions after the earnings release yesterday afternoon. I'll frame the question as they were submitted to us and then turn it over to John and Andy, for their response. And the first question would be to Andy. Andy how are you thinking about operating expense in 2018 relative to the pace of net revenue growth. Should we think of these two lines growing and sync with each other or is there an opportunity for expenses to grow these lower than net revenue and for us to see greater levels of operating leverage in 2018?
Andrew Clarke: We talked at length over the past several years about our desire and our goals to show the leverage in our organization and if you look at the history of Robinson you can see that there is significant operating leverage within the business model so as we go forward we would expect overtime our net revenue to grow in excess of our expenses.  Now within that period you have what we call investment cycles and so go back to 2015 where we had better operating margins and even today despite the fact that they are down in the fourth quarter slightly versus last year they were up 200 basis points from where we were in the second quarter. And so, we think about broadly the global investments that we make whether they would be via acquisition and the expenses that go along in acquiring companies we think about attracting new talent into the organization whether that would be here in North America, whether that would be in our NAST organization Global Forwarding our technology organizations. We as an organization have been around for 114 years, think about investing through cycles. And we will continue to do that because we believe that over the long-term it allows us to provide more services to our customers and overtime generate more value for our shareholders. We do expect continued leverage in 2018. 
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, Andy. Next question to John. As we’ve approach the 2018 bid season for your contractual North American truck load business, how do you intend to prioritize volume growth versus pricing gain?
John Wiehoff : This is a great question and I think something worth spending a few minutes on because it really gets to the core of our 3PL model and some of the ways that we would differ from an asset base network and thinking about pricing and yield and how we would go to market.  We talk often about our account management practices and how we work hard to have the customized resources to make sure that we understand every shipper supply chain and what their unique needs are and interacting with them in a way to try to figure out how we can best serve them and where we’re going to -- what role we are going to play in the short-term and the long-term for them. So, the answer to the question is that we don’t really prioritize any outcomes when we’re going into those negotiations and relationships to renew the pricing and to renew the volume commitments with our customers.  However, as we’ve talk often in the past there are sort of predictable outcomes that when you get into an accelerating pricing environment like this that several things will happen, first off will be managing our award volumes more closely so that some of that committed freight activity where maybe we were accepting more loads than we had committed too. That activity will tape off and accelerating price times and the whole market itself will move more to higher spot market activity. So, as we go into the pricing seasons and we’re working with our customers to figure out what role we can play for them and how we can serve them best, we’re always looking for both volume growth, market share gains as well as adapting our pricing to the market.  So, we’ve seeing some volume deterioration and we would expect some of that to continue on our committed pricing during an accelerating price period like this, but we know that overtime we’ve had a great track record at gaining market share and increasing our volume activity in the market over the long-term as the cycles even out.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, John. Next question is for Andy. Could you please characterize the current spot versus contract pricing environment in truck load and LTL?
Andrew Clarke : Yeah. Dovetailing on what John just mentioned, I would categorize all four of them spot both in the truck load and LTL and contractual in the truck load and LTL is robust and up.  Following all what we’ve talked about in the fourth quarter, our overall pricing was up 15% and if you think about the volume changes between contractual and spot you can then clearly deduct that spot market was up while over the 15%. And the contractual business through a combination of reprising and through a combination as we mentioned the award managed that was up mid to single-digits in the fourth quarter. The LTL is a bit the same except it’s more contractually weighted with GRI. So, there is less in that particular market and as we talk about in our prepared remarks, our growth in that area and our ability to serve our customers is really been evidence over the last several years as we’re the – obviously the largest 3TL, LTL in North America. That market is up mid to high single-digits in terms of the pricing and we expect that to continue as well.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks Andy. And next question is for John. Can you remind us the year-over-year net revenue comparisons you’re facing in the first quarter of 2018? Is there anything in particular that is driving the apparent slowing in net revenue growth trends in January, especially coming off 12.5% year-over-year growth in the fourth quarter of 2017.
John Wiehoff : A year ago, in the first quarter of '17 the net revenue growth was plus 2 for January and minus 2 for February and plus 2 for March. And if you go back and look at that we also talked about significant volume increases where I think the environment a year ago was that pricing was relatively stable but there was discussion already about the pending ELD and that maybe 2018 was going to look a lot different but the overall environment a year ago was that we were aggressively taking volume and as I discussed earlier matching those customers' expectations to increase our committed freight activity.  So, the net revenue activity that we are comparing was fairly stable but we were taking on a fair amount of volume a year ago. The apparent slowing of net revenue in January we had some prepared comments that talk to that a little bit but we like to use these forms to give you a sense of what is happening currently and what we are seeing in the marketplace but as always with the caveat that until the month is over until the quarter is over its hard to know what's happening.  The things we know for sure are that the year started slow. The first week of January with the weather that we discussed earlier and probably some adapting to the ELD compliance caused a very slow start. And we were a little bit confused as to what may -- all be contributing to that but as we commented earlier as the month worn on, the last couple of weeks the activity has been more consistent with what we saw in the fourth quarter. And we continue to see as Andy commented significant pricing increases in a very tight market that we are adapting to.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks John, next question to Andy. Please discuss the negative float growth for truck North American truckload volumes during the quarter. Was just a function of handling less committed freight given elevated by rates during the quarter? When would you expect load growth to turn positive? And how does this impact your plans for head count growth?
Andrew Clarke : Lot of questions there and I'll try to unpack them maybe one at a time, but let's first start with the whole concept of a negative load and if we were a pure stock market provider you certainly wouldn’t see that or if you did you wouldn’t have seen it to a large degree.  Our brand promise and we go out to talk to our customers and commit to covering their loads inherent in that is a negative load. So, we will do better or worse just given market conditions. When we got into the fourth quarter and as we were talking about it in some of the earlier quarters of our award management we committed to our customers that we would cover the loads of the awarding to us throughout the previous year, and doing that we knew that those negative loads were going to increase.  What we saw in the fourth quarter was a doubling of what you would normally see and not had a material and negative impact on our results. But we think it affirms and demonstrates to our customers our commitment in doing that. So that said the commentary around the negative loads in the fourth quarter, John just mentioned that we are stuck to the awards and so while you saw volume decreased that was more a function of us being very disciplined across the account management teams in the award management. So, we are pleased with the work that the team did there.  As you talk about and John just mentioned, the trends and how they started, always difficult as you come off of a robust 2017 you go into the start of January where the first day is a holiday and it kind of bleeds into the rest of the week and you have weather that week and as John mentioned the ELDs so there is a lot of noise to start at the quarter. We had a robust January of '17. What we've seen is much better volume trends as the quarter has progressed, both in the truckload and LTL and when you couple that with the increase in pricing and the increase in the net revenue profile I think that's sets us up well for 2018.  Final comment on the headcount it goes back to maybe one of my earlier statements around investing in our business, investing in our people and investing in our customers and the services throughout the cycle and so we wouldn’t say that -- we feel like the team is doing a great job of managing that we feel like the team is on top of it, across the entire organization and believe that the work that we are doing will continue to yield a benefit throughout all of 2018 despite the fact that as we mentioned we're starting little slow.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks Andy, next question for John. Can you please discuss the impact you have seen thus far from the ELD mandate and what you would expect for 2018?
John Wiehoff: And for those who may not be completely familiar with the rules went into effect for the electronic logging on December '17 so it happened before year-end but this is the first quarter where it's really being implemented. In our year-end review when we talk with our teams about what we saw in the end of December and into January. We made the comment earlier that we haven't seen any deterioration or meaningful change in our carrier sign-up. there was discussion and concern that maybe an ELD requirement would eliminate capacity from the marketplace. we haven't seen any of that to date anecdotally or statistically in terms of our general access to capacity and the number of carriers that we were working with or interacting in the marketplace. What we have seen most significantly is that with more precise electronic logs and measurement of it there has been some reassessment of the desirability of certain types of rate and it gets into topics like the length of haul the mileage bands and what types of rate maybe would be more at risk to moving from one to two day transit times or different cut offs as well as multiple stop multiple pick-up type transactions where there is more risk around downtime or detention or any of those things that can make more precise measurement of compliance to challenge. So, what we've seen in the first month or so of implementation around this is that in a very tight capacity environment this is yet another secular change that is driving some reassessment of the desirability of certain types of rate and probably corresponding price increases that are being pushed through.  So, like many of the other safety and hours of service type changes that have happened over the last eight to nine years the net results are some price adjustment that gets blended in with the cyclical changes and the seasonal changes that go into all of the other pricing but it came at a time when the market is very tight and the year is starting out with the implementation of those requirements as well.
Timothy Gagnon : Any onetime items in interest expense wanted to see why it would jump so much in Q4 relative to prior quarters given that debt balances didn’t change much?
Andrew Clarke: There are two factors that it impacted that number in the fourth quarter and the first one is the debt. On year-over-year basis we do have slightly more debt and we do have the interest rate on our floating debt, our revolver was up over the quarter, but that was about a $2.5 million impact on a quarter-over-quarter basis.  The biggest impact in the quarter was what I’ll call functional resource currency and certainly the US based and US dollar based organization and particularly in our Global Forwarding operations, our account receivables, our accounts payables and our cash tends to be conducted in USD, but when you get into the functional currency of a country last year let say China when the RMB was declining versus the dollar and the euro that was declining versus the dollar that positively benefited us to the tune of roughly $5 million.  On a regular quarter-over-quarter basis, there generally is not a material impact, but in the fourth quarter of last year it positively impacted the other operating expense and then this quarter they wouldn’t be in the other direction and that’s primarily driven by the Mexican Peso and again we’re a functional USD organization, but we have accounts receivables and we have accounts payables and we have cash in some of those other areas.  And at the end of every quarter, there is a revaluation of that and when that revaluation occurs accounting rules require that you run after the income statement.  So, the delta of those two on a quarter-over-quarter basis negatively impacted us by $11 million. In previous quarters it usually has been $1 million to $2 million just have to be a unique quarter, where they went in opposite directions on a year-over-year basis. 
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, Andy. Next question is for John. What was your net revenue growth by month in the fourth quarter of 2017?
John Wiehoff : The total company net revenue growth per business day was consistent in all three of the months of that fourth quarter. There were some business day variances similar to the month of January when we look at our total month activity versus the per business activity. You can debate what is the most accurate calculation as Andy referenced depending upon holidays and the days of the week where there are more activities on certain dates, sometimes per business day as more helpful. But, in general was consistent throughout the fourth quarter.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks John. Next question is for Andy in Global Forwarding. So, and Global Forwarding net revenues were up 12%, but operating income was down 31% year-over-year. Where there any specific cost that drove this, and do you expect forwarding to face challenging profit comparisons for the next three quarters. Or was this issue being specific to the fourth quarter of 2017?
Andrew Clarke : All I talked about the fourth quarter where in the quarter growing organically growing the acquisitions, we have roughly a four of the increase in the total cost and the Global Forwarding business would be what we would consider more onetime in nature related to those issues. The Global Forwarding group has done a really nice job as we mentioned growing both organically and the acquisitions and they and we expect continued growth and profitability for that organization.  So, that team is highly focused and highly incentivized as are the rest of us throughout the entire organization of growing our operating income in excess at a rate that is greater than our revenue, because there is leverage in that model. We’ll spend money as we did last year converting agent business with APC, we’re spending that right now converting agent business at Milgram.  So, we will continue to invest in that business, but through the cycle we do expect Global Forwarding operating incomes to do very well. 
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks Andy, next question for John, do you expect more shippers to move away from spot freight, with spot prices being so elevated to start the year?
John Wiehoff : Particularly the larger shippers in general the cycle is that there is a preference for committed pricing that you can plan around and that you can manage more predictably with your cost. When the market moves and prices accelerate more of the market and more of the freight will move to spot market pricing. But I think the general trend would be that as those adjustments get absorbed and the business gets resituated that the market and we will move back towards the higher blend of committed activity.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks John, next question for Andy. What are the CHRW expectations for market conditions in airfreight and ocean freight forwarding in 2018?
John Wiehoff : If you think specifically about the work that we have been doing in that I think the team has done a wonderful job of growing both ocean and airfreight volumes that accessible at the market has boarding. We called out to 28% of our airfreight volume growth during the fourth quarter so those are all really good things.  Over in the market conditions demand continues to be good and capacity to the degree has been more rationalized more specifically in the airfreight arena. And if you think about broadly speaking all the reports that are out there in the airfreight world volume grew rather nicely going into the fourth quarter driven by the e-commerce boom, and capacity was at an actually premium.  I think our team has done a great job of securing that capacity of growing that business but we would expect to see both continued growth in our ocean and airfreight environment, and we would expect to see our capacity remain tight.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks Andy, next question for John. Outside of Milgram, what's driving the headcount increases in global forwarding? Is it volume? Did you transition employees from NAST to forwarding?
John Wiehoff : In our global forwarding business through the acquisitions that we've been doing with APC and Milgram we get the workforces of those businesses but as we referenced a few times those were agent-based businesses where our opportunity is to go in and absorb that agent business into the other offices. So, in addition to the acquired business there is some staffing that is involved with absorbing the acquired business and taking over the agent part of transactions.  We've also been investing aggressively in organic growth for airfreight services, so the hiring of sales and operational freight which tends -- the employees which tend to be more focused on airfreight. There were some minor transfers of people from the NAST division to global forwarding but that is not a material part of it and the transfers within the divisions would not be a common practice or something that would explain most of it, the NAST reduction in headcount is really more driving that network transformation relying on automation and adjusting to the volume and price activity that we have talked about within the NASS division.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks John, next question Andy. Can you please provide what the fourth quarter '17 spot mix was in truckload versus what it was in the fourth quarter of 2016?
Andrew Clarke : The fourth quarter of '17 as we referenced was split equally 50-50 between contractual and the spot. Last year's fourth quarter was two thirds contractual and one third spot.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks Andy, next question for John on intermodal. I know intermodal is the small mix of net revenues but NAST intermodal net revenues were down 34% on a 7% volume and positive price increase. What was the key driver of what appears to be a massive margin compression in gross margins was it trade, rail, you see each still committed to intermodal. 
John Wiehoff: The easy question is being still very committed intermodal were investing a lot in the technology and the process is to make sure that we can help our customers with that. The margins are reflective of us moving to more committed intermodal activity with less margins and some equipment repositioning cost in the quarter we are associated with the equipment that we do have as we've shared often in the past our challenge in that business is the capital requirements for significant equipment commitments that while we have some we haven't made large commitments to that and therefore the cost associated with managing the equipment are a lot more material to the level volume that we are having. But it's an important part of how we serve customers and we are investing in the people process and technology side of it to make sure that we are adding value. 
Timothy Gagnon: Can you characterize the competitive environment post ELDs, especially the activity levels and competitiveness of new start-up tech entrants? 
Andrew Clarke: Well the short answer is as John reference and everybody knows that ELDs have only been in effect for the last month so there really hasn’t any change in the competitive environment particularly from start-up and tech entrants.  During that time period we've often talked about and will continue to say that we are doing quite a bit of work in leading a lot of the technology work that's going on out there in the marketplace with our connectivity to our customers with our connectivity to our carriers and the ecosystem that we are building.  We will and we've always had and we will continue to have competitors of the marketplace but we often talk about our people, our process and our technology and it's a combination of all three which differentiate us. 
Timothy Gagnon: How are you thinking about year-over-year contractual rate increases in 2018 given the constraint truckload capacity environment and unknown impact from full ELD enforcement at this time? A large assets-based carrier spoke yesterday of high single to low double-digit contractual rate increases throughout 2018 is this in the ballpark of how you are thinking about it?
John Wiehoff : Yes, we would generally agree with that and you maybe to just add a little more color on the committed pricing I'll reference back to Slide 9 that Andy made some comments on the market is very fluid and there is a lot of spot market activity but it’s helpful to step back and look at it over a long period of time to which is why we've continue to share that 10-year chart around our pricing.  While we had a 15% quarter-over-quarter increase that is a blend of both our committed and transactional pricing with the transactional pricing being higher than the committed pricing. I think I mentioned this last year but if you would take a sheet of paper and kind of hold it across the 3% increase on that chart which is what that 10-year average has been some of the interesting observations are that probably half of this period of time there has been activity price increases below that and price declines for a significant part of it.  So, when you look at a double-digit price increase and try to put it into a longer-term context around it, it doesn’t look like it's too far out of context to think that you are going to need some significant increases if 3% is the right long-term price increase combining some secular changes around the ELD constrains and other things that have happened over that period of time. It’s not unbelievable that there would be high single-digit, low double-digit increases in some of the committed staff to correct for those longer-term adjustments. 
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. Please discuss areas of potential investment either organically or inorganically into 2018?
Andrew Clarke : Following on with our commentary on the tax reform act and the impact that it’s going to have positively on both earnings and cash flows we will continue to look for ways of expanding our services and our capabilities with our customers across the globe and in doing so, in a way that generates long-term sustainable value for our shareholders. We have active M&A pipeline, we have an active investment pipeline particularly in the areas of technology. And broadly speaking business development across every part of our organization whether it be the NAST, Global Forwarding, managed services.  I think one of the things that that’s unique to our organization is the non-asset base business model and our ability as John mentioned, to take 15,000 people in 42 countries and expand that even further in 2018 and beyond and with the ability to do so with a really strong balance sheet and the ability to have leverage both on the balance sheet as well as broadly speaking all parts of our organization. We can be very opportunistic and optimistic in both these areas. 
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, Andy. And with that we’re unfortunately we’re out of time. We apologize that we could not get to all of the questions today. Thank you for participating in our fourth quarter 2017 conference call. This call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the C.H. Robinson website at www.chrobinson.com. It will also be available by dialling 1-877-660-6853 and entering the pass code 13674982#. The replay will be available at approximately 11:30 AM Eastern Time today. If you have any additional questions, please contact us via a phone or email and we’d be happy to follow up with you as soon as we possibly can. Thank you very everybody for listening. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson third quarter 2017 conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today's presentation, Tim Gagnon will facilitate a review of previously submitted questions. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, November 1, 2017. I will now turn the conference over to Tim Gagnon, the Director of Investor Relations.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thank you, Donna, and good morning, everyone. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Clarke, the Chief Financial Officer. John and Andy will provide some prepared remarks on highlights of our third quarter results. We will follow that with a response to the pre-submitted questions we received after our earnings release yesterday. Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate the discussion. The slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is located at chrobinson.com. John and Andy will be referring to these slides in their prepared comments. I'd like to remind you that comments made by John, Andy, or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. With that, I'll turn it over to John to begin his prepared comments on slide 3, with a review of our third quarter results.
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our call this morning, and I'll start right in with the results for our third quarter. Total revenues increased 12.8% in the third quarter, driven by volume growth across most all of our transportation services, increased pricing, and higher fuel costs compared to last year. Total company net revenues increased 6.3% in the quarter. APC Logistics added approximately 2% to our total net revenues in the quarter with organic net revenues up approximately 4%. This will be the last quarter where APC integration will be highlighted as we have now fully cycled through the first year of the acquisition. Operating expense growth outpaced net revenue growth in the quarter, resulting in a year-over-year decrease in operating income and net income. Operating income was $194 million in the third quarter, down 8% from last year, and net income was $119 million, down 7.6%. Average head count was up 8.7% versus last year's third quarter. The APC and Milgram Global Forwarding acquisitions accounted for about 5% of that increase and the remainder was organic. Diluted earnings per share was $0.85 in the third quarter, down from $0.90 last year. Andy will be talking us through the deck and our results by business segment, but before he does that, I'd like to highlight a couple themes that you'll hear throughout our remarks. Hurricanes were obviously a significant event this quarter, and like most in our industry, they did impact us, too. Our offices in Texas, Louisiana, and Florida all had to deal with the difficult circumstances of the storm. Many on our team gave extraordinary effort to take care of personal challenges while continuing to serve our customers. We often emphasize how critical it is in our business to have the right people, culture, and teamwork in place, and there are some incredible examples of Robinson team members going above and beyond to make it through these catastrophes. I want to start by thanking them for their hard work and commitment to Robinson and their customers. In terms of the financial impact of the storms to Robinson, there were two types of impacts that you will be hearing more about. The most immediate impact is in the areas where we lost or gained shipments and product orders due to the storms. We estimate those impacts likely had a net positive impact on our NAST division and a net negative impact on Robinson Fresh. The other impact from the storms is the resulting price increases in the North American truckload market due to the storm disruption. In our Q2 commentary on our results, we discussed, at length, the rising cost of truckload transportation and how we were adjusting to the market. While it's not possible for us to isolate the pricing impact of the hurricanes, they clearly contributed to further escalation of price increases in the quarter. Andy will cover our metrics on truckload price increases and how they escalated throughout Q3. While rapidly rising prices does often create incremental spot market activity, it can also create more margin compression on committed pricing arrangements. We experienced both of these impacts in our Q3 results. The pricing trends and required adjustments to market conditions that we discussed at length last quarter continued and were accelerated by the hurricane impacts. The other theme that you will continue to hear from us is in regards to increased focus on reducing our operating expenses. We are committed to continued efficiency and productivity gains that will help us reduce our operating expenses in future periods. As we stated last quarter, we continue to focus on growing our net revenues and expenses at similar rates over longer periods of time. As we continue to invest in acquisitions, technology, and diversifying our business, we will also be very focused on cost control and driving efficiency gains. So, with those introductory comments, I will turn it over to Andy.
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thank you, John, and thank you, Tim. Good morning, everyone. I would like to echo John's praise and thanks to our network for their efforts in the third quarter. In North America, the devastating storms created a rather chaotic environment, and Robinson stepped up and responded to the challenge. Globally, our teams continue to grow volumes double digits and net revenue at an impressive pace, and the results in the quarter reflect their hard work. Additionally, we lapped the first anniversary of the APC acquisition in Australia and New Zealand, and successfully completed the purchase of Milgram & Company in Canada. Busy times, but the entire organization remains focused on delivering long-term shareholder value. Now, to the summarized income statement on slide 4. Net revenues increased 6.3%, to $594 million. The trend accelerated as the quarter progressed, rising dramatically in September. Total company net revenue per business day increased 3% in July, 4% in August, and 18% in September. I will provide more detail on the drivers for the improved results in September when I review the services and segment performance. Personnel expenses increased 14.1% from last year as a result of an 8.7% increase in head count and higher variable compensation. We've mentioned in the past that our compensation plans are annual, but adjusted on a quarterly basis. The adjustments this quarter are increasing as the results improved during the quarter, while last year's results were declining in the quarter. Year-to-date, our personnel expense is up 7.9%, driven by an increased head count of 8.3%. SG&A expenses were $106 million in the quarter, up $16 million from last year. The increase can be explained by the following: costs related to the addition of APC and Milgram of approximately $6 million, which includes amortization; a higher allowance for doubtful accounts of $3 million; claims of $2.5 million; and real estate expenses of $1.6 million. Operating income as a percentage of net revenues was 32.7% compared to 37.8% in last year's quarter. However, it is up 100 basis points from Q2 of this year. We did have one less business day in this year's third quarter when compared to last year, which equates to over $9 million of net revenue. The effective tax rate was 35.2% in the third quarter, and year-to-date, 34.2%. Our tax rate has had some variability through the year as a result of new accounting rules related to stock compensation and our APB 23 election last year. We will continue to manage our tax expenses and look for ways to drive down the effective tax rates. Slide 5 and other financial information. We generated $68.3 million in cash in the quarter and have $13.4 million in capital expenditures. The largest driver of the decrease in cash flow from operations versus last year was the increase in accounts receivable during the quarter. Increased volumes, customer rates, and costs of transportation, including fuel prices, resulted in increased growth in working capital. While we need to do a better job of working with our customers to drive down our DSO, it is normal to see receivables grow during periods of accelerating top line growth. We finished the quarter with $297 million in cash, up just over $24 million from Q2. Our debt balance is $1.47 billion, up $127 million since Q2, as a result of the Milgram acquisition and increased working capital needs. For the year, we expect total capital expenditures to be approximately $60 million. On to slide 6, on our capital distribution to shareholders. We returned approximately $125 million to shareholders in the quarter, with just under $64 million in dividends and approximately $61 million in share repurchases. In the quarter, 105% of our net income was returned to shareholders. Year-to-date, we have returned 92%, which is in line with our stated annual objectives. And now, to slide 7 and net revenue by service. As a reminder, this slide represents the service revenues for all of our business units. I will not review this slide in detail, but rather make comments about the various services within the business segments. Slide 8, and our North America truckload price and cost chart. On this graph, the light and dark blue lines represent the percent change in North America truckload rate, and cost per mile to customers and carriers net of fuel costs since 2008. The gray line, of course, is the net revenue margin for all transportation services. In this year's third quarter, the North America truckload rate per mile, net of fuel, was up 6.5% versus last year, while the cost per mile increased 8.5%. The last time we saw this great of a sequential change in the price and cost versus prior year was in Q1 of 2014, when snowstorms blanketed most of the United States. The year-over-year change in purchased transportation costs did rise through the quarter, increasing 6.5% in both July and August, and 11% in September. Customer pricing also increased throughout the quarter, but continues to lag the increase in costs. Our transportation net revenue margin increased 20 basis points sequentially as both NAST and Global Forwarding had higher net revenue margins than in Q2. Slide 9 and our transportation results. The transportation total revenue for all segments were up 14.5% to $3.4 billion in the third quarter. The drivers of our total revenue growth were strong volume growth of 8% across all our service lines and rising prices in most transportation services. Versus last year, transportation net revenue margin decreased 16.4%. This was the result of lower margins on our NAST services and higher fuel prices. The mix shift of a higher share of Global Forwarding revenues in this year's quarter partially offset that decline. And now, slide 10 and the reportable segments. In the North American Surface Transportation segment, total revenues were approximately $2.5 billion in the third quarter, an increase of 9.6% over last year. NAST net revenues decreased slightly to $377 million in the quarter. NAST September 2017 net revenues, however, increased when compared to September of last year. Net revenue margin was 15.3% in the third quarter, down 150 basis points from last year. However, margin did improve 20 basis points sequentially. The lower year-over-year margins were primarily the result of increased purchased transportation costs in both the truckload and LTL service lines. Our truckload contractual business had lower margins in the quarter compared to transactional business, which improved significantly late in the quarter. As a reminder, we have tens of thousands of unique contracts, and last quarter, we mentioned the importance of account management and the focus on award management in the contractual business. This is always a priority when we are in an environment of increasing cost, and our account managers did a nice job of fulfilling our commitments while pricing opportunities outside of those commitments at a higher spot market rate. NAST income from operations was down 11.8% to $151 million. Operating expenses increased 9.5% as a result of an increase in both personnel and SG&A expenses. The increase in personnel expenses was driven by an increase in cash compensation from additional head count and higher variable compensation expense when compared to last year's third quarter. The increase in SG&A was the result of a higher allowance for doubtful accounts I explained earlier, as well as increased overhead charges related to higher spending and technology development. NAST operating margin was 40.1% in the quarter, down from 45.4% last year. Employee count was 6,998, up 1.9% from last year's third quarter, and flat sequentially. Now, slide 11 and the results by service within NAST. NAST truckload net revenues were $267 million, down 2.1% from last year. On our second quarter call, we mentioned that we were adapting to the tight capacity and rising price environment. We have and will continue to honor our customer commitments, and actively manage our freight opportunities as customer routing guides deteriorate. Truckload volume was flat year-over-year in the third quarter, and this decline in volume growth relates to lower volumes in committed freight as routing guides deteriorated. The lower contractual volumes were offset by higher volumes of transactional shipments in this year's third quarter compared to last year. We often highlight routing guide performance measured in our Managed Service business to quantify the impact of market volatility. The month of September represented the most volatile routing guide performance we have seen since early 2014. On a national basis, the routing guide was2.2 and spiked to over 5 in certain markets. The transactional volumes were driven in large part by the hurricanes in late August and early September. We estimate the additional volume generated in support of the relief efforts did benefit our business overall, though the opportunities to support the relief efforts were partially offset by the fact that two of our largest inbound and outbound markets were essentially offline for a week during the quarter. We added 3,600 new carriers in the third quarter compared to approximately 4,200 added in last year's third quarter. Though this new carrier count is down from last year, these new carriers moved approximately the same number of loads, 18,000, as the 4,200 moved last year. LTL net revenue increased 4.8% to $97.6 million. Volumes increased 6.5% when compared to last year, and purchased transportation cost increased in the quarter, putting pressure on margins. Strong demand in the manufacturing and e-commerce sectors drove the growth in the LTL business, and the rising truckload cost benefited LTL volumes as well. Intermodal net revenues decreased 1.4% in the quarter, with volumes up 13%. Over the past several quarters, we have been growing our contractual business at lower margins, while transactional volumes are down quite a bit from last year's third quarter. And now to Global Forwarding. First, let me say congratulations to the Global Forwarding team, whose results were remarkable. They achieved record net revenue and operating income for the second quarter in a row. The entire organization has proven successful in maintaining solid organic growth while integrating both the APC and Milgram acquisition over the last several quarters. Total revenues for Global Forwarding segment in the third quarter were $552 million, up 41.3% versus last year. Third quarter net revenues were $129.8 million, a 39.1% increase from 2016. APC Logistics and Milgram & Company contributed 18% to the growth, while organic growth was an impressive 21% in the quarter. Net revenue margins were 23.5%, down slightly from last year. Income from operations was up 82.6% to just over $31 million, and operating margin was 24% in the quarter, up dramatically from 18.3% last year as the team operated very effectively. Headcount increased 20.8% in the quarter compared to the third quarter of last year, with APC and Milgram representing approximately 650 employees or 18% of the additional head count in the business. Again, congratulations to our Global Forwarding teams, including APC and Milgram & Company. Moving on to Global Forwarding service lines on slide 13. Ocean net revenues were up 44% with the acquisition of APC and Milgram contributing approximately 17% to the growth. Ocean shipments increased approximately 22% in the quarter. Air net revenues increased 32.7%, with the acquisitions contributing 15% to this growth. Net revenue margins did decline slightly in the air services during the quarter as we continued to execute on our strategy to grow volume and density in our air gateway cities. Air shipments increased approximately 28% in the quarter. Customs net revenue increased 41.4%, with the acquisitions contributing 30% to the growth. Customs transactions increased approximately 52% in the third quarter. As mentioned, the integrations of both APC and Milgram are going well, and one of the drivers of the net revenue growth in the quarter is the conversion of former APC agent business into our Global Forwarding network. We expect successful agent conversion, albeit on a smaller base, with the Milgram acquisition. Transitioning to our Robinson Fresh business on slide 14. I will start my comments by touching on the hurricane impact to the Robinson Fresh organization. The hurricanes in both Texas and Florida had a negative impact on the Robinson Fresh cases volumes and net revenue in the quarter. We have service center facilities in both of these locations that were shut down for 7 to 10 days as a result of the storms. Like the rest of the organization, the Fresh team did a great job of working with their customers and providers to assist them during this challenging time. Robinson Fresh total revenues were $614 million, an increase of 3.9% in the third quarter. Net revenues were $54 million, down 4.9% from last year. The decrease in truckload net revenues was primarily the reason for net revenue declines in the quarter. Robinson Fresh operating expenses increased 8.6% in the third quarter. The increase was primarily due to increases in both personnel and SG&A expenses. The SG&A increase was primarily the result of an increase in warehousing expense related to expanding facilities. Income from operations was $11.6 million, a decrease of 34.7%, and Robinson Fresh average head count increased 1.5% in the quarter. Slide 15. Robinson Fresh sourcing total revenues decreased 1.8% in the third quarter. Sourcing net revenues were virtually flat when compared to last year's third quarter. A slight increase in net revenue margin was offset by a case volume decline of 1%. As mentioned, the hurricanes negatively impacted Robinson Fresh case volumes and net revenues in the quarter. And now to slide 16 and the Robinson Fresh transportation business. Robinson Fresh transportation total revenues increased 12.7% in the third quarter of 2017, driven by volume growth of 13%. Robinson Fresh transportation net revenues decreased 10%, however, primarily due to truckload net revenues declining 13.9% in the quarter. The margin compression of Robinson Fresh truckload business is the result of a higher concentration of contractual business within their portfolio of customers. Fresh truckload has a significantly higher portion of its business committed versus NAST. We continue to see strong volume growth in the Robinson Fresh transportation business, with a 13% year-over-year increase in the third quarter. Other transportation services, which include LTL and intermodal, had a good quarter with 9% net revenue growth. Moving on to All Other and Corporate on slide 17. All Other includes our Managed Services business, as well as surface transportation outside of North America and other miscellaneous revenues, as well as unallocated corporate expenses. Headcount was up 13.4%, and this was primarily the result of personnel increases in technology, other enterprise resources, European Surface Transportation, and Managed Services. Slide 18, net revenues for the Other category increased 7.9% in the third quarter of 2017 compared to the same period in 2016, led by the continued strong performance in our Managed Services, aided by an increase in net revenue in the European Surface Transportation business. Managed Services net revenue increased 10.8% in the third quarter of 2017 to $18.5 million. This net revenue increase was a result of new business. Other Surface Transportation net revenues increased 4.2% in the third quarter to $13.9 million. The increase was primarily the result of truckload volume growth in Europe, partially offset by truckload margin compression. I will conclude my remarks by again thanking the Robinson team for their performance during the quarter. We made some large improvements versus Q2, and look to build on those as we close out the year and go into 2018. The disruption in the quarter provided everyone with a glimpse of how established organizations with the right people, the right process, and the right technology perform when supply chains simply don't. Thank you for listening to us this morning. I will turn it back to John to make some closing comments before we answer some of your questions.
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thank you, Andy. So, before we move to those questions, I will wrap things up with some final comments. In October to date, our total company net revenue has increased approximately 8% per business day. This does include additional revenues from the Milgram acquisition. Our North American truckload volume growth is flat versus October to date. With regards to our current priorities and key initiatives that we are focused on, there are a couple of thoughts to share. As was talked about, our Milgram acquisition in Canada is being integrated into our Global Forwarding network. As you've seen in our results, our Global Forwarding team has good momentum and has been very successful at expanding our global network. We expect this integration to go well, and it will be a key priority for us as we continue our growth in Global Forwarding. Adjusting to the market and the changes in truckload pricing will be very important over the next couple quarters. Our account management practices, including how we price and change with the market, is always an important component of how we serve our customers. The current market events, including the storms and the ELD requirements in December, are contributing to increased price volatility and changes for all of us. We need to get committed truckload pricing right over the next several quarters to ensure consistent service as the markets change. The last two bullet points around focusing on growth and operating expense control are not new ideas, but we definitely have some new focus areas and priorities. Selling, servicing our customers, and growing our market share continues to be at the core of our business model and approach to creating value. All of our operating divisions have updated go-to-market strategies, and we believe there are significant opportunities for market share gains across our company. We have new capabilities and visibility, analytics, vertical expertise and order management, to name a few of our priorities. We will remain aggressive in innovating and growing our services. Efficiency and cost control is also not a new idea, but worth sharing how we're thinking about productivity and expense control. Many of our initiatives and priorities tie directly to our digital strategies and network transformation that we introduced to you at our Investor Day earlier this year. As we continue to invest in our Navisphere platform and digital capabilities, we are evolving our operating networks with the goal of significant efficiency gains. Those iniatives include some office consolidation, driving increases in automated exchanges with shippers and carriers, and supporting internal process automation in Navisphere. As we continue to invest in our people and our Navisphere platform, we'll also be elevating our goals for productivity and efficiency gains. In addition to the personnel efficiency goals, we are also creating new focus for all general and administrative cost categories to look for opportunities to reduce costs as well. That concludes my prepared comments, and with that, I will turn it back to the operator so we can answer the pre-submitted questions.
Operator: Mr. Gagnon, the floor is yours for the Q&A session.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thank you, Donna. And I'll kick off the Q&A here by thanking the many analysts and investors for taking the time to submit questions to us last evening. I'll frame the question up and turn it right over to John and Andy, and we'll jump right into it now. And the first question is for Andy. Please discuss NAST truckload volume growth. Was there a tradeoff between contractual freight and transactional freight that resulted in flat volumes during the quarter, or some other factor? If possible, can you provide an idea of how much volume was contract versus spot in the quarter?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Yeah, thank you. The volume levels and growth that we saw during the quarter were pretty consistent for July, August, and September. We've talked at length about our account management and award management, and the account managers out there having conversations every day with their customers, particularly as the quarter progressed and routing guides continued to deteriorate, and in some cases, actually outright failed. And as a result, our spot market business grew greater in September – the last two weeks of August and into September than the committed volume basis on that time period.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. Given your experience in transportation space, how would you characterize the current market? Are there any other historical times you could point to that mirror the current environment? Given your experience, how are you thinking about the potential duration of this cycle maybe in relation to prior cycles you have experienced?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: So, looking back at history and trying to decipher if there's anything to be learned about kind of where we're at in this cycle, I guess I would start by referring the group back to slide 8 in our presentation that Andy spoke to on pricing. There's 10 years of history there. This is information that is pretty critical to how we think about where we're at in the cycle. So, if you look at those dark and blue lines on slide 8, and the 10-year average of activity, we've pointed out previously that this ten-year average is about a 3% increase. So, while there's ups and downs in cycles across the past periods here, the average is maybe a little bit greater than inflation in terms of both customer and cost increases during that period of time. I think the specific answer to the question is that when you see the pricing and cost lines racing upward in 2017, looking back in 2014 during the snowstorms and early -- late 2009, early 2010, during the recovery of the financial crisis, you see two other periods where the cyclicality of the pricing was racing northward, and it felt very similar to the period that we're into today. When we study this past and our pricing behavior, and think about how long will this cycle last and what might we learn from it, a couple more observations that I would share, I guess, is that if you look at the 2017 activity, we are coming off of almost a full two-year period where average pricing was below that 3% long term. So, coming into this year, there had been a fairly meaningful period of price adjustments that were below the long-term average. And I don't think there's anybody in the industry that I've spoken to that doesn't expect prices to increase in 2018. So clearly, some momentum for continued upward movement. When you think about the cyclical and secular changes, and what might be different this time around, obviously, ELDs and the pending regulation changes in December are a significant item as well, too. So, I think probably the biggest unanswered question of the cycle versus the secular changes is, are these increases that we're experiencing this year, might they sort of peak in 2018 in a normal cycle or will ELD and capacity-related changes make the upward part of this pricing cycle extend even a little bit longer. So, the summary is there are periods of time where these upward price changes feel similar to 2014, 2009, but then there are also some kind of interesting questions that – where history may not be a good guide as to how long this cycle may last.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. Next question is for Andy. What was the split of contractual versus transactional volumes in NAST truckload during the third quarter? Given the material change in spot truckload conditions during the third quarter, do you expect to materially shift this mix towards transactional volumes during 2018?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: The answer to the first question is we saw approximately a 10-point swing in our ratio of committed or contractual to spot. So, we ended the quarter just under 60% of our business being in that committed and contractual and just 40% to slightly above on the spot market, which is down from where we had seen that ratio in the high 60%s – so, 65%, 66% earlier in the year on the committed, and 33%, 34% on the spot. So, we did see that shift, as I mentioned in the first part of the Q&A, that we did see that shift. Now, as it relates to the expectations for the rest of the year or 2018, that's the great news, is we have wonderful account managers and salespeople that are out there having conversations every day with their customers. And I will just dovetail with what John was saying in that last comment and referencing the slides. So, we are having those conversations with the customers. And at corporate, we don't have a specific view. Our account managers are out there having those conversations, and we're talking about rising prices. We are talking about routing guides, and we are talking about where our customers want to be in a committed or a spot market scenario. And so those conversations are happening every day, and we talk about the rotation and the cadence with which we have those conversations. Roughly 60%, just less than 60% happen in Q1 and Q2. And we're having those conversations even starting today in the fourth quarter going into next year. And where it shakes out is where it shakes out, but it will depend on the balance between those customers and our viewpoint on where prices are going to end up.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. At what point does automation of various elements of the brokerage process enable the company to scale back the head count growth, if ever?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: This is the question that we wrestle with a lot around our digital transformation and applying the technology to our business, and trying to figure out what our growth and productivity expectations should be. One thing that is important to understand in this is that we do feel like we have already seen some meaningful benefits of automation and the related head count and productivity gains. Our implementation of segment reporting and the diversification of our business, I think, is pretty relevant to this topic. If you look at where a lot of our head count additions have come over the last several years while we've been taking market share, we've grown a lot in Global Forwarding in other parts of the world, where the labor equation and the processes are very different. We have invested a lot in building our own technology as opposed to buying it. So, you see a lot of head count additions in our IT area, where we're hiring and training developers, and making proprietary tools as opposed to just purchasing it from others. And you also see significant head count additions in our Managed Services business, where we're growing with more integrated and combined software and people solutions that are different. So, if you take those aside and look back to kind of the more digital automated processes of truck brokerage and kind of some of the core activities that we do, we have already seen in certain job families, much more significant productivity improvements in the number of shipments per person and the level of activity that has gone on. As we look forward and think about continuing to invest in the platform, I mentioned in my prepared comments that we do feel, with scaled carrier centers and leveraging mobile technology and leveraging API technology, that more and more, we are going to see significant gains in those productivity opportunities within select job families, where the technology can make a greater and greater impact on it. So, we are going to do the best we can to be transparent around the various components of the business, and what impact the technology investments and automation are having on them and their outcoming efficiencies.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. And the next question is for Andy. What were the drivers for the strong organic net revenue growth in the Global Forwarding business?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: The Global Forwarding team continues to do a great job of focusing on their go-to-market strategy. They have had a wonderful execution over the last several quarters. They've got great account management when they go and engage their customers. We're the number one -- we have retained yet again our number one NVO status from China to United States. We built out a global platform, and the team has done just a wonderful job of staying focused on the execution and staying focused on their go-to-market and building out the areas of ocean forwarding. I mentioned in my prepared remarks, our gateway cities. And obviously, on the customs side, we've been able to integrate now, coming up on our second acquisition, and at the same time, use those as leverage points to go in and have more conversations with our customers.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. Please discuss the competitive landscape. Given the shifting freight environment, does that create more opportunities for startups or nontraditional providers, or does it support traditional models? Has there been any discernible shift to new entrants in the market?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: The overall answer to the question is no, we have not seen any discernible shifts in the competitive landscape, but let me expand on that a little bit because when you go to a large shipper's carrier conference or when you interact with them, one of the things that you're constantly reminded of is that it is a very fragmented, competitive landscape. It's not uncommon for there to be several hundred providers in the room, and probably several hundred more who didn't have enough activity to get invited to events like that. So, much of what we learn about the competitive landscape in any one customer or vertical does become more anecdotal around what you see and hear based on who's doing press releases or what other activity may be going on. Another comment that I think is relevant, though, is that during times of more stable route guides and more stable prices, or particular declining pricings, I do think, in general, it's more typical for a shipper to think about renewing incumbents at flat to declining prices and keeping volumes static, or growing volume in those lower or to declining prices. When we go through a period of time like we're in now, where prices are rising rapidly, that puts pressure on all of us, the shippers and the providers, to kind of reprice and think about where there might be opportunities to be more efficient or where you can mitigate some of the price increases that are happening in the marketplace. Those environments probably are more naturally logical times for new entrants or new participants to participate and to get some freight. Almost every shipper that I've ever interacted with is thoughtful and probably cautious about how and when they introduce new providers, to make sure that they put them in the right spots and test them, and see if they get traction over time. So, there may be, in this type of an environment, a better opportunity for newer players to insert themselves where others are leaving in the route guide or where prices are increasing significantly, and then it takes time to sort out who gets traction and who can really provide the service metrics and keep the customers happy over a longer period of time.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. Next question on SG&A for Andy. You mentioned an increase in the provision for bad debt, claims expense and warehouse cost. Was there anything one-time in nature related to these expense increases or were the increases tied simply to the increase in volume handled during the quarter?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: We had a little bit of expense related to the acquisition of Milgram during the quarter, not really material, which I would consider to be one-time. As it relates to the allowance, as it relates to the claims and the warehouse, there's nothing in there that is one time. I would like to expand a little bit on the allowance, though, and that as volumes increase, as that gross revenue number arises, we will see that allowance, and we'll balance that against what our actual experience is in bad debt write-offs. And over the last several years, we have not seen, knock wood, a material change in any way on our experience. So, despite the fact that we're growing our gross revenue nicely, we're not writing off any more than we ever have. It's just the way the accounting rules work, is when you have more of those revenues, you need to reserve for them, but we balance that against what the actual write-off is. The warehouse expense that we mentioned, we put that in, in the fourth quarter of last year. So, on a year-over-year basis during – in future periods, there won't be a change to that. Claims, you look at them from two perspectives. One, the frequency; and, two, the severity. And in the quarter, we had, I would say, a greater number of less severe claims than what we might have experienced in the past. So, nothing unusual about those items either.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. What is your forecast for margin improvement in the Robinson Fresh truckload business?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Our forecast would be gradual margin improvement over the next several quarters. Because the Robinson Fresh business is – the transportation truckload business is more concentrated in 12 to 15 larger shippers, where it's generally longer length of haul, generally mostly temperature-controlled type freight. It is much more committed than the broader book of business, and repricing cycles will generally take longer. Given some of the unique dynamics in the marketplace, as you saw in the Q3 results, the margin compression sustained itself in the Robinson Fresh truckload business more this quarter than it did within NAST. We will be using the same account management techniques and processes, and adjusting to the market, just like we have been within the NAST business, but it will take a little bit longer, and hopefully, will show gradual improvement over the next several quarters.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. Next question on APC for Andy. With regard to last year's acquisition of APC Logistics, can management provide an update on its progress bringing agency business in China and Europe onto the core C.H. Robinson platform? Does strong global trade demand create a favorable environment to win the business? Also, can we expect to see similar net revenue opportunities from agent conversions in the Milgram business similar to APC?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: I will start with the middle question, which revolves around strong global demand. Yes, certainly, strong global demand does help us and others win business. We are growing well in excess of the overall marketplace, but it's always helpful to have a growing marketplace. With respect and regard to the APC acquisition and the conversion of the agents, yeah, it's gone very well. The team, our C.H. Robinson team in Asia and our C.H. Robinson team in Europe have worked very well with our new company, APC, in Australia and New Zealand to identify the customers, to identify the business processes, and identify the right way to convert that business onto the platform. And we're happy to report that virtually all of the business that APC had controlled through other agents in those markets have converted over to the C.H. Robinson platform. It's worked very well, and I would also add that, in addition, it allows us to now – so that's just one part of it. With all the other customers that we and they had both independently, when you respond to global RFPs, one of the boxes that you have to check are whether or not you have a company store or your own brand in those other markets. And if you don't, there are some customers that do not allow you to bid on that type of business. We are now getting access to a lot more organic growth and organic opportunities because we and they both have had customers that, in the past, would not allow us to execute that level of business in those lanes because we were each other's agent. But now that we are all C.H. Robinson, we are getting access to a lot of that freight, and we would expect that to continue into 2018 and beyond. As it relates to Milgram, again, we are in the very early innings of the Milgram acquisition, but progress is going very well. It is a smaller base. It's a smaller company than APC, but we do expect to see those opportunities from agent conversions in the acquisition.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. Please discuss the ELD mandate's impact on the business over the last few months.
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: The impact of the ELDs over the last few months has really been not significant. There's been a few protests and a lot of discussion about it, but with the pending regulations in December, we really haven't seen any meaningful changes to date. The possible exception is that when people are thinking about committed pricing and looking to the future, given that everybody is expecting some capacity contraction and impact around it, it could be impacting people's thoughts and attitudes around what the future pricing may be. The more common question around what do we expect the ELD mandate impact to be in Q4 or going forward, you know what, I think we have answered that a number of times and still have the view that similar to hours of service or CSA regulatory impacts in the past, that there will be an impact. There are lots of estimates around how significant it will be. We understand that there will be a market reaction, that there may be some capacity that chooses to exit the marketplace, or some may route their capacity or limit their miles differently. But overall, we feel like that will get worked through in the first quarter or two of next year, and we will be helping shippers adjust to any changes in the marketplace that happen from it.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. What was the average net revenue margin on spot truckload brokerage business in the third quarter? How much better was it than the contractual business?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: We do not and have not broken out net revenue margins on any of our truckload business, whether it's spot or committed. What I would offer is that for the first two months of the quarter, which were more on the stable side, what we've experienced historically is during those stable periods, you see that committed and spot tend to walk in lockstep. And so, there's not a material difference between margins on committed and spot. But, when Harvey hit and then Irma hit, and you get the last two weeks of August and then all of September, there was a dislocation in the spot market. And we saw the spot market margin jump several hundred basis points during that time period.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. What specific controls and operational efficiency targets are planned for the fourth quarter and beyond?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: One of the challenges that we have to be specific with our targets is that we have so much of our cost structure that is variable, and so much of it is personnel-oriented, which is pay for performance, that it's hard to target a lot of specific metrics on exactly what we hope it to be, because in many cases, if we're successful at growing our net revenue and growing our margins, it's going to drive increased costs as well, too, which are the good kind rather than the inefficient kinds that we're trying to get rid of. When we think about moving forward, it's our overall statement that we think we can improve in all areas of the business. And improve means that key metric of income from operations as a percent of net revenue, that for some of our smaller divisions or our larger divisions, we are cycling up and down. When we cycle up with pricing and expanding margins, that typically helps us gain some improvement in those overall cost metrics. So, by leveraging our technology and process improvements that I talked about earlier, and taking advantage of cyclical expansion of margins, those are good periods of time for us where we can hopefully show some improvement in our efficiency metrics. The other component of that, that I would like to sort of reemphasize along with this question is that as we've diversified our business over the last 10 years, mix has a pretty meaningful impact on that key metric. If you look at our segments and you look at the Global Forwarding business, particularly since we've acquired a lot of the Global Forwarding business, the adding back the depreciation and amortization from those deals, and looking at the operating metrics for our Global Forwarding business separate, I think you see improvement in there. And while it's lower than the enterprise total, a lot of it is from the accounting impacts of the acquisition. So, we will be looking for relative improvements in all of the operating divisions based on the plans that we have in place, and our core cost and efficiency metric is that income from operations to net revenue relationship adjusted for whatever M&A activity there might be.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. Considering the investments in and utilization in data analytic capabilities during 2017 that were credited with CHRW's material improvement in awards per account during this year's bid season, is there any reduced confidence in those advancements' ability to sustainably drive share gains in NAST, considering 3Q 2017's truckload volume was essentially flat?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Short answer is no. There is not any reduced confidence in either the advances that we made, the teams that we've assembled, the analytics team that we've assembled, or the algorithms that they are using. The longer answer is, it's a lot of arts and sciences. And the science is in the algorithm and the art is in the account management and the wonderful people that we have across the United States and the globe that are dealing with the real-time implications of supply chain disruption. And having those conversations every day with our customers and feeding that information back into the algorithm, we actually remain even more confident that we're learning a lot of new information as the market develops, as customers develop, as pricing changes, and feeding that into the data analytics team and feeding that into the data science team, and them using that and bringing it back to the account managers and the general managers and the people on the floor. So, it's a real-time learning environment for all of us. And do we always get it right? No, we don't. But that's why you have the human intervention. That's why you have the 113-year history of doing this, that we're able to adjust on a real-time basis. So, our confidence is incredibly strong with what we are doing there.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. How much of the 8% net revenue per business day growth in October was organic, i.e. non-Milgram?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: The Milgram – the net revenue from the Milgram acquisition, we expect, will be about 1% of Robinson Enterprise net revenue. So, a little more material to the Global Forwarding division, but 1% to the overall enterprise. The Milgram acquisition, there's only one month included in the third quarter. And so, in terms of the month of October, it was less than 1%. So, almost entirely organic growth. And maybe the other comment, we always caution that we share these kind of mid-quarter numbers -- this is sort of later in the quarter, but we still have the quarter end impact that can change things significantly. Probably also good to remind you that with the lapping of the APC acquisition and Milgram being smaller in October, there is less growth from the Global Forwarding division and more from the truckload trends of improvement within that.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. With the ELD mandate fast approaching, how many of your carriers do you believe are compliant? Have you noticed a change in your carrier base as the adjustment to an ELD-regulated world approaches?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: We haven't seen a change to our carrier base. It's – we're currently at over 42,000 active carriers today, which is up both sequentially from Q2, as well as up versus Q3 of last year. So, no change there. And as I said in my prepared remarks, those 3,200 carriers that we added did the same amount of loads, 18,000, that 4,200 did in Q3 of last year. It's always difficult – we have talked about this at length, it's difficult to give you an exact number on how many of our carriers are currently ELD compliant. But, again, it's no surprise that the smaller carriers are always the last to adopt new technology, and have until December 18 of this year to adopt that. The good news is that the price of adoption continues to decrease. And so, we would expect the barrier of cost to adopt to not be an issue with our carriers in December of this year or 2018. As how it all shakes out, John mentioned in a recent question – or answer to a recent question of, there will be a disruption. There will be a change to how they perform and whether or not they take a load. All of these different issues, I would only point everyone to the fact that it's very similar in that regard to a hurricane. And you see how our company performed during periods of disruption. We are going to be the ones that go out and secure the capacity for our customers to make sure that their supply chains continue to operate.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. Next question on head count for John. Looking into the fourth quarter and early 2018, what are your expectations for head count growth?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Sequentially, for the remainder of this year and into next year, we would expect minimal head count growth. I mentioned earlier that there are several job families that we are seeing productivity gains. And with lower volume growth that we experience, we would expect minimal to flat head count growth in those areas. There are some -- we have the acquisition that, year-over-year, will show growth. And there are other areas of Managed Services and GF where we're growing faster, and there may be the need for some head count additions. But we are expecting that 2018 will be a year of improvement, and that, hopefully, we will be able to leverage some of our past investments to drive some efficiency gains.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. Should we expect M&A deals at the rate of about one deal per year or could that pace accelerate? Are you seeing or finding deals that are good fits, that are sizable enough, and attractively valued enough to be immediately accretive to EPS?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: I guess, like anything, it depends. In terms of the pace, we, as an organization, are capable of activating and completing more than a deal a year. And we do have a very active pipeline and feel confident about our ability to execute deals. However, we do have a strong vetting process. And two of the issues that were mentioned in that question are sizable, attractive, and accretive. And those are just a few of the issues that we vet. Cultural fit is highly important to us. Business model is very important to us. Strategic rationale is very important to us. And so, when we go to actually activate on these deals, we bring all of those issues and variables into the equation, and don't feel like we have to be compelled to complete a deal or more than a deal a year if they don't really make it through our rigorous vetting process. But if they do, we certainly can do more than a deal a year.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy, and thank you, everybody, for joining the call this morning. Unfortunately, we are out of time, and we apologize that we couldn't get to all the questions today. Thank you for participating in our third quarter 2017 conference call. The call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the Robinson website at chrobinson.com. It can also be accessed by dialing 1-877-660-6853 and entering the pass code 13670605#. The replay will be available at approximately 11:30 Eastern Time today. If you have any additional questions, please call me, Tim Gagnon, at 952-683-5007 or by email at Tim.Gagnon@chrobinson.com. Thank you, again, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John P. Wiehoff - Chairman and CEO Andrew Clarke - CFO Timothy Gagnon - Director of IR
Analysts:
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Second Quarter 2017 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today's presentation, Tim Gagnon will facilitate a review of previously submitted questions. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Thursday, July 20, 2017. I will now turn the conference over to Tim Gagnon, the Director of Investor Relations.
Timothy Gagnon: Thank you, Donna, and good morning, everybody. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Clarke, the Chief Financial Officer. John and Andy will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our second quarter results. We'll follow that with a response to the pre-submitted questions we received after our earnings release yesterday. Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate the discussion. The slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our Web site which is located at chrobinson.com. John and Andy will be referring to these slides in their prepared comments. I'd like to remind you that comments made by John, Andy or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. With that, I'll turn it over to John to begin his prepared comments on Slide 3 with a review of our second quarter results.
John P. Wiehoff: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. It was a challenging second quarter. We were able to continue to grow our volumes and achieve market share gains but our income and EPS results were disappointing and it finished below our expectations. Our results were significantly impacted by truckload margin compression as the North American truckload market transitioned from being relatively balanced to fairly tight driving purchased transportation costs up more than we expected in the quarter. Much of our customer pricing is committed and changes over longer periods of time. The margin compression in the North American market impacted our NAST and Robinson Fresh truckload businesses, and you’ll see that impact in the segment results. We have a strong history of honoring our customer contracts while adjusting to the market and I’m confident that we will adapt and execute in the months to come. We continue to execute against our long-term strategic initiatives to grow and diversify our business. The Global Forwarding business delivered strong results in the second quarter with both double-digit net revenue and operating income growth. Managed Services also had another strong growth quarter. Total revenues increased 12.4% in the second quarter driven by volume growth of 10% in our transportation services. Total company net revenues declined 3.4% in the quarter. The addition of APC Logistics accounted for approximately 2% of the total net revenue in the quarter. Income from operations was 182 million, a decrease of 22% and net income was also down 22%. We had diluted earnings per share of $0.78 in the second quarter compared to $1.00 last year. Our average headcount was up 8% in the quarter. The addition of APC added approximately 2% to the average headcount. After Andy goes through the financial deck, I’ll provide some thoughts on how we’re managing the business and approaching the back half of the year and beyond. So with that, let me turn it over to Andy.
Andrew Clarke: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. As John mentioned, it was a challenging quarter for both income and earnings. We did grow top line, however, across the organization by taking market share but it didn’t translate into the results that we expect of ourselves. As I run through the numbers for the enterprise and the reportable segments, I will provide greater details on the results and how we are adapting to current market conditions, especially in the North American market. There are some positives in our results and we would be remiss if we didn’t recognize the efforts and the results of our Global Forwarding and Managed Services teams. So let me start with the summarized income statement on Slide 4. Operating expenses were $392 million in the quarter, an 8.7% increase versus last year. Personnel expenses increased just over 5% in the quarter primarily as the result of the 8% headcount increase. Approximately 30% of the headcount, as John mentioned, was the result of the APC acquisition. The remaining additions were across the various business units and shared services teams. Cash compensation for Robinson grew in line with headcount while variable compensation, including profit sharing and stock vesting decreased versus last year. SG&A expenses increased 19.4% to nearly 108 million in the second quarter. Claims were $8 million in the quarter, which is up nearly $6 million versus last year. We had a few contingent auto liability claims that we settled in the quarter that made up the majority of the increase. Acquisition amortization was up nearly $3 million as a result of the APC acquisition and allowance for doubtful accounts, warehouse expense and purchased services were up nearly $2 million each. As we move into the second half of the year and look to 2018, our entire organization are evaluating expenses and headcount. We are balancing our growth initiatives with our efficiency and cost control priorities. You will also notice on our full income statement a $2.5 million increase in interest expense. Our debt balance is up versus last year and the interest rate on the short-term portion of that debt increased from 1.5% last year to 2.1% this year. For the quarter, our operating income as a percent of net revenues decreased to 31.7% compared to 39.3% in last year’s second quarter. The effective tax rate during the quarter was 35.6% versus 37.1% last year. For the remaining quarters in 2017, we expect a tax rate between 36% and 37%. This rate will fluctuate based on the value of the shares as well as the percentage of pre-tax profits generated outside the United States. During the second quarter of this year, we generated nearly 20% of our income outside of the United States. Moving on to Slide 5 and other financial information. We generated nearly $60 million in cash in the quarter and had $16 million in capital expenditures. The largest drivers of the decrease in cash flow from operations was the increase in accounts receivable during the quarter. This occurrence is normal and expected during periods of accelerating top line growth. The other driver of the decrease relates to the timing of our federal tax payment. We finished the quarter with $273 million in cash and our debt balance is just over $1.3 billion. For the entire year 2017, we expect capital expenditures to be in the range of $60 million to $70 million, the majority of which relates to continued investments in IT. On to Slide 6 and our capital distribution to shareholders. We returned approximately $106 million to shareholders in the quarter with just over $64 million in dividends and approximately $42 million in share repurchases. In the quarter, we returned nearly 96% of our net income to shareholders in line with our stated annual objective and year-to-date that number sits at 94%. Moving on to Slide 7 and net revenue by service. As a reminder, this slide represents the services revenue for all of our business units. We have historically provided this view on the services revenue but rather than review this slide separately, I will make comments about the various services within the business segment. On Slide 8, the light and dark blue lines represent the percent change in North American truckload rate and cost per mile to customers and carriers that have fueled costs since 2008. The gray line is the net revenue margin for all transportation services. In this year’s second quarter, the North American truckload rate per mile net of fuel was flat versus last year’s second quarter, while cost per mile increased 4%. While customer pricing was flat overall, the contractual pricing was down and transactional pricing was up during the quarter. Purchase transportation costs increased 4%. This was the result of the tightening capacity in the marketplace on a year-over-year basis and that increased during the quarter. June had the largest year-over-year increase, up 6% versus last year. Starting with road check early in the month and carrying through the July 4th Holiday, we saw things really tighten up with costs rising more than we have seen in some period of time. Our pricing did increase as a result of the cost increase but there was a lag effect. We continue to access the market and the increased pricing environment and would share that into July we are still seeing higher purchased transportation costs versus the same time last year. Slide 9 and our transportation results. Total transportation revenues for all segments were up 15.2% to $3.3 billion in the second quarter. As I mentioned earlier, this is a result of our strong volume growth of 10% across all of our services in the second quarter. Transportation net revenue margins decreased to 16.2%, down from last year’s second quarter of 19.3%. We experienced lower margins in most of our transportation services with the North American truckload margin compression having the greatest impact. I’ll go into greater detail in each of the business units. Now to Slide 10 and the reportable segments. Before getting into the NAST numbers, I’d like to first comment on the NAST organization. We are the number one truckload broker and we are the number one LTL broker in North America by a wide margin. We’ve been in the game longer and we have more experience than anyone out there. While the results are challenging and our execution not perfect, we have the leadership team and the strategy and the people out in the field to weather and succeed in the long run. In the North American Surface Transportation segment, total revenues increased over 10% to approximately $2.4 billion in the second quarter. Volume across NAST services increased nearly 8% in the quarter. NAST net revenues decreased 9.8% to $360 million in the quarter. NAST revenue margin was 15.1% compared to last year’s second quarter of 18.5%. The lower margins were primarily the result of increased purchase transportation costs in both the truckload and LTL service lines. NAST operating expenses increased slightly 1.5%. The increase was due to SG&A expenses, which is partially offset by a decrease in personnel expenses at the divisional level. Income from operations were down 23.2% to $140 million. NAST operating margins were 39% in the quarter, down from 45.8% last year. And employee count was 7,003, up slightly from the previous quarter. Now to Slide 11 and the results by service within NAST. As I mentioned, NAST truckload net revenues were down $41 million or 14.1%. The margin compression within the contractual truckload business is representative of the risk we take when we enter into longer term price and volume commitments with our customers. As a reminder, most of our contracts are one year in length and the contracts are executed at varying times throughout the year based on customer terms. We did not expect transportation costs to rise at the level they did in the second quarter and we are reacting to the changes as quickly as we can. There are initiatives underway to appropriately adapt to this market by making sure we honor our commitment levels while also adjusting pricing in our transactional and backup business. Truckload volume was up 8% in the second quarter and we continue to outpace the overall market volume growth during the quarter. We achieved volume growth in both short and long-haul shipments. We added 3,700 new carriers in the second quarter compared to approximately 4,400 in last year’s second quarter. These new carriers moved approximately 18,000 shipments for us during the quarter. LTL net revenues increased 2.1% to nearly $100 million. Volumes increased 6.5% when compared to the second quarter of last year and purchase transportation costs increased during the quarter putting slight pressure on margins. Intermodal net revenues decreased 6.3% in the quarter with volumes up 15.5%. Over the past several quarters we’ve been growing the contractual business albeit at lower margins while transactional volumes are down quite a bit from last year’s second quarter. This is obviously a result of depressed truckload pricing market environment. And now on to Slide 12 and results for our Global Forwarding segment. As previously, I’d like to comment on the Global Forwarding team prior to getting into the results which were fantastic. Our Global Forwarding team has been building momentum for some time and have done very well in executing against their growth plans. We’ve been the number one NVO from China to the U.S. for some time and in this past quarter, however, we elevated our ranking in all of Asia to the number one NVO from Asia to the United States. Congratulations to the team for these great results. The APC integration has gone incredibly well and we are generating great returns in the short time since partnering with them. Total revenues for the Global Forwarding segment in the second quarter were $529 million, up 48.2% versus last year. Second quarter net revenues were 121 million, a 24.5% increase from 2016. We had strong organic growth of over 12% and APC contributed to the success in Global Forwarding adding approximately 12% as well. Net revenue margin was 22.9%, down from 27.3% last year. Margin compression in the quarter is the result of the combination of overall industry trends as well as the incredibly strong volume growth in market share gains. Income from operations was up 23.6% to nearly $28 million and operating margin was 22.9% in the quarter. Headcount increased over 14% in the quarter with APC representing just over 300 or approximately 9% of the additional employees in the business. Slide 13 will cover our Global Forwarding service lines. Ocean net revenues were up 22%, 10% of which was organic growth in the quarter. APC contributed approximately 12% to our ocean net revenue growth. Ocean shipments increased approximately 22% in the quarter and pricing was up in the ocean service line. The margin compression in this area was primarily in our contractual business. Air net revenues increased 31% with even stronger organic growth of 20% plus. APC contributed approximately 11% to the growth. Air shipments increased during the quarter approximately 32% and price per air shipment was up for the first time in some time in the second quarter. The team has executed well in their stated strategy of growing air freight and gateway consolidations. Customs net revenue increased nearly 41% with APC contributing approximately 24% to that growth. Customs transactions increased approximately 34% in the second quarter. These results were a nice bounce back for both net revenue and operating income. Year-to-date net revenues are up 19.7% with organic Global Forwarding net revenues just short of 7%. Transitioning to our Robinson Fresh business on Slide 14. Now to Robinson Fresh which is our global logistics and product division that is focused on fresh temperature control supply chains. With our new segment reporting, we now share results inclusive of revenues from sourcing and transportation services whereas previously we only reported sourcing revenue and rolled sourcing transportation up into consolidated transportation reporting. Like NAST, while our Robinson Fresh results are not where we want them to be, this team has been in the business a very long time. It’s how we got started and we have the leaders in the people to adapt to drive better results. Robinson Fresh total revenues were $657 million, a decrease slightly of 0.5% in the second quarter. Net revenues were down 10% last year to $61 million. Robinson Fresh operating expenses increased 15% in the second quarter. The increase was primarily due, as I mentioned earlier, to the SG&A expenses which was driven by a contingent auto liability claim of nearly $4 million. The Robinson Fresh operating expenses were also impacted by new warehouse facilities and increases in technology spending. Income from operations were $14.2 million in the quarter. And finally Robinson Fresh average headcount increased 3.5% in the quarter. On Slide 15, Robinson Fresh sourcing total revenue declined 6.7%. The decrease in total revenue was a result of lower market pricing, down approximately 7% per case sold. Sourcing net revenues were down nearly 7% in the second quarter as case volume was flat on a year-over-year basis. The primary reason for the decrease in sourcing net revenue was the result of a decline in product margins and the loss of a customer. Moving on to Slide 16 and the Robinson Fresh transportation business. Robinson Fresh transportation total revenues increased 10.3% in the second quarter of 2017, driven by volume growth of 15%. Robinson Fresh transportation net revenue decreased 14.6% in the second quarter of 2017 due primarily to truckload net revenue declining 19.8% in the quarter. We continue to see strong volume growth in the Robinson Fresh transportation business with a 15% year-over-year increase. The Robinson Fresh truckload business has a similar share of contractual business as the NAST truckload business and the initiatives I talked about earlier are priorities for the Robinson Fresh team as well. Moving on to all other and corporate on Slide 17. All other includes our Managed Services business as well as Surface Transportation outside of North America and other miscellaneous revenues as well as unallocated corporate expenses. Headcount was up 15.7% and this was primarily the result of personnel increases in technology, other enterprise resources, European Surface Transportation and Managed Services. Net revenue for the other category increased 6.8% in the second quarter of 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 led by the continued strong performance in our Managed Services which is partially offset by a decrease in net revenues in the European Surface Transportation business. TMC or Managed Services organization continues to perform well. We are leading and managing some of the most complex global supply chains for some of the most recognized technology and manufacturing companies in the world. Freight under management continues to increase and we are on pace to approach $4 billion by the end of the year. As an organization, we are approaching $7 billion in freight under management. Managed Services net revenue increased 15.1% in the second quarter of 2017 to 18.2 million compared to 15.8 million in the second quarter of 2016. This increase was a result of net business as well as increased business with existing customers. The Managed Services team continues to deliver strong results and we feel good about our ability to continue to grow net revenue double digits. Other Surface Transportation net revenues decreased 2.4% in the second quarter of 2017 to just under $14 million compared to which was flat versus last year. The decrease was primarily the result of truckload margin compression in Europe. Similar to North America, the European business has a high percent of contractual commitments. Our team in Europe has done a great job as well to grow volumes and take market share. And with that, I thank you all for joining us this morning. I’m going to turn it back over to John for some closing comments before we answer your questions.
John P. Wiehoff: Thank you, Andy. So moving to Slide 19. Consistent with past periods, I’ll start our final comments with some key performance metrics from the current month. July to-date, total company net revenue has increased approximately 2% compared to July of 2016. Truckload volume growth has slowed from the second quarter. The holiday timing makes precise comparisons difficult this early in the month but truckload volume growth has been in the low single digits. Our primary focus in truckload services is adapting to market conditions and I’d like to expand on what we mean by that. As a reminder, our approach to account management is very customized by size segment, vertical and specific business needs. We have a variety of customer commitments and unique contracts with thousands of our customers. We think that’s a big part of our competitive advantage in the marketplace and allows better customer service. When we experienced a significant shift in the market conditions, we do a number of things to react. All of them are guided by the overall principle of honoring our commitments and providing great customer service. Our reactions include things like; clarifying committed and transactional activity, reviewing tender acceptances and turndowns, discussing route guide compliance and where customers might be experiencing service failures, evaluating activity by lane, looking for alterative routing solutions and making price adjustments where appropriate. Our goal in this part of the truckload cycle is to provide great service, honor our commitments and adjust to optimum routing and pricing for our customers. We commit significant resources to these account management practices and believe in customized solutions. While there’s always some level of market adjustment occurring, we are several weeks into more active assessments. Our results in early July reflect some of the outcomes from those adjustments. Beyond adapting to the changes in the truckload market conditions, I also want to share some thoughts on how we’re managing our network and the related costs. Part of our core business model and strategy is to have significant pay-for-performance and variable costs in our network. We remain committed to those principles and believe that our net revenue growth and network costs will be more aligned longer term than they are this year. Our additional segment reporting information this year should help to understand the changes in our mix and where we are investing our capital. At our Investor Day in May, we shared an overview of how we’re transforming our operational network and investing in technology and digital processes. We continue to feel very confident about our progress on those initiatives and the related efficiencies and productivity that we’re already seeing. As a reminder, we did increase our truckload volume this quarter by 8.5% while adding 3% headcount to NAST. We’re investing in automating our service offerings and changing our network to leverage scale and expand our service offerings. While we believe we can improve our financial results for the remainder of 2017, we also do expect to continue increased technology investments that are more fixed costs. Over the longer term, we believe we’ll have a more automated and scaled network that will allow us to leverage those fixed costs for improved efficiency. During this network transition, we will be aggressively managing our other discretionary expenses and continuing to invest in sales and account management throughout the business. We’re committed to maintaining our leadership position in truckload services while growing and diversifying our business through this network transformation. That ends our prepared comments, and I’ll turn it back over to Tim to facilitate our Q&A session.
Operator: Mr. Gagnon, the floor is yours for the Q&A session.
Timothy Gagnon: Thank you, Donna. Thank you to all the analysts and investors that shared their questions with us last evening. We have a lot of great questions and we’ll get right to them here this morning. I’ll start off the Q&A with Andy and our first question is, please provide context to the increases in claims expenses this quarter? Are they expected to be one-time or occurring? Do you expect increases in premiums, et cetera?
Andrew Clarke: Yes, a little backdrop on the actual insurance. So we own the retention on the first $5 million. So any claim or contingent auto liability that occurs, we own the first 5 million of it. As far as the premiums, we’ve been able to keep those flat in our annual renewals. So we’re buying insurance better and keeping the amount that we pay for the premiums down. So in this quarter, we had three incidents that were settled during the quarter. These are incidents that go back several years. But they finally made it to the point where we were able to settle them for a total of $6 million. As a point of reference, last quarter we didn’t have any contingent auto liabilities that went against us and in fact we had a legal claim that we settled positively for us. So there is variability in that number and because of the level of variability, it really is hard to predict. And because it’s hard to predict, the accountants will not let you setup a general reserve for them. So while we’ve done a good job we think of managing those claims and we move millions of shipments a year, in other words something does happen and in a quarter like this, we settled three of them.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, Andy. Next question to John. Could you please elaborate on the increased focus on cost controls and SG&A expenses? What expenses categories you see opportunities? And how do you think about the rate of headcount growth going forward?
John P. Wiehoff: So I started to address this in the tail end of the prepared comments but I’ll go a little bit deeper into it. From our cost control standpoint, we do look at personnel and non-personnel costs somewhat separately. They’re obviously related but managed differently. There are some other questions that are more specific to the non-personnel SG&A that are directed to Andy that are coming up, so I’ll leave that to come. But obviously there’s opportunities in that category. The more significant operating expense is the personnel side of it. And in my prepared comments we talked about the implementation of segment reporting and as we grow and diversify why it’s important to look at where we’re adding those heads and how our business is growing and changing, we obviously have the acquired personnel from the APC acquisition as well as organic hiring and growth in Global Forwarding, all accumulating in results that we want to sustain along the business plan there. The growth in Managed Services, again there’s headcount additions in there and I commented about the headcount additions in the technology space where we are making some specific projects and some specific investments that we want or need to continue going forward to finish with over the next year or two. We have had a long-term growth expectation of adding people to our team at a pace slower than the volume growth that we’ve incurred. And we’ve been successful with that over the long end and we’ve been more successful with it the last couple of years. We obviously have to balance whatever cyclicality or secular changes are going on and make sure that we balance our overall business model or net revenue and personnel growth. So we will continue that. If our volume continues to taper off, we will see decreased hiring in the areas where we are driving hiring relative to volume. We already do see tapering off in some of our divisions where that occurs. So we adjust that fairly quickly. There are some fixed costs associated with adding to our team. And just like truckload pricing, it can take a quarter or two to cycle through. So we do expect the headcount growth to level off or even go down with attrition in some of the divisions through the remainder of the year. And we’ll get the personnel costs in line over the long term like we always have.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, John. And the next question, Andy, on SG&A expenses. You noted higher bad debt and warehouse expenses in the second quarter which negatively impacted G&A expenses. Can you quantify those and help us think about a normalized G&A run rate going forward given the volatility in that line over the last several quarters?
Andrew Clarke: Yes, that allowance for doubtful account was different than bad debt. We had very low actual bad debt experience during the quarter and year-to-date. But the way the accounting works for that particular number, it’s up $2 million versus last year. But remember, Q2 of '16 was down 2 million – approximately $2 million from Q2 of '15. So it’s a formula driven by the amount of receivables that you have. And if you think about our 12.5% top line growth, clearly that means that we’re going to have more revenue and therefore more receivables from our customers. And the formula is driven by the amount of receivables that you have as well as the amount that’s beyond 60 days. So in a period where as I mentioned in my prepared remarks where revenue is growing, you’re going to continue to see not only receivables increase but certainly that allowance receipt. So that’s that particular part of it. We’ve talked about the warehouse expense being up $2 million and that’s primarily in the Robinson Fresh division although there’s a little bit in the NAST division. But that will lap and normalize at the end of the third and the beginning of the fourth quarter. There’s another expense that’s in there that will lap at the end of the third quarter, which is the $3 million of amortization expense from the APC acquisition. So if you take all of those up and including the one that I mentioned in my previous answer, which is the $6 million of claims, you got the $2 million of the allowance for doubtful accounts, you got the $2 million for the warehouse, you got $3 million in amortization; that’s $13 million that to a degree is driving a lot of the variability of the 107. So when we think about more normalized rate, we certainly believe that there is areas that we are going to continue to focus on and continue to drive better results. As John and I both mentioned; John in his answers, me in my prepared remarks, clearly our objective is to drive down the SG&A costs both as a percent of revenue but also as a percent of the personnel.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, Andy. Next question to John on pricing. What percentage of your truckload brokerage business was exposed to contract pricing? How does that compare to second quarter 2016 levels? Do you not anticipate the tightening of – I’m sorry, did you not anticipate the tightening of supply and demand that was experienced in May and June? Are you now inclined to ratchet down the percentage of contract business exposure going forward?
John P. Wiehoff: So the answer to the first part of the question is that our committed truckload pricing was about two-thirds or 65% is our best estimate of the business that happened during the second quarter of this year. That is fairly consistent with the second quarter of last year but I think the important point there is that if you’re to go back a long time, 15 to 20 years ago, that was single digits or closer to zero. So the longer term trend in our business has been a steady increase of more mix of committed and contractual freight as we’ve grown with large customers and as we’ve expanded our service offering more into core lanes and core committed services with those largest customers. So in terms of where we see this headed and do we want to ratchet down the percentage of that contractual business, whenever we go through a market adjustment like we are now, there is some natural attrition of those committed prices where when we do have to raise that certain customers won’t renew. When the market moves this aggressively, there will naturally be more spot market opportunities. So it is not a steady liner increase of committed activity. It does cycle up and down and we would expect to likely see some increase as the entire market perhaps moves more transactional that our mix of business will as well too. From a long-term trend though, we do not have goals to drive that down. The best estimates are probably that 80% of the overall market is committed and we do feel that it’s served us well in the long run and it is an important capability that we have to participate in that committed freight. And as I said in my prepared comments, it’s a big part of our service advantage in the marketplace to be able to understand all the nuances and work with both types of freights with our customers. Overall, I would say our goal is to continue to use technology and information and process improvement to better manage the relationship between the committed and the transactional freight and make sure that we’re doing the best we can to be successful on both parts of it. With regards to the question of did we not anticipate the tightening of the supply and demand, if you look at the chart on Slide 8 where Andy covered the pricing; while our pricing was flat year-over-year that was actually quite an improvement of declined pricing in previous years. So there certainly was an expectation of increased costs as the year would progress. But it’s not just us. I think the market consensus as a whole was looking towards the end of the year and into 2018 for a meaningful increase in cost and it has started early. So while we did anticipate the trend that was happening, as we’ve acknowledged it was greater than we expected and did spike up more than anticipated in our contract negotiations during the months of May and June.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, John. Next question, Andy, on personnel. Why was personnel expense so high as a percentage of net revenue per employee typically that as more variable?
Andrew Clarke: Yes, personnel expenses are up as a number because its headcount is up. So personnel expenses are up 5.5% and headcount’s up 8%. The cash compensation per person is flat on a year-over-year basis but broadly speaking performance-based compensation including equity, including profit sharing is down double digits versus last year. So the average headcount – total compensation per person is down 3% when you factor those two in. And so when you have top line margin compression that we saw particularly in North American truckload but in all of our businesses, it will negatively impact that ratio. I’d also like to maybe dovetail onto what John just mentioned in terms of personnel and address that. I think the ATA came out yesterday, the day before, and talked about how they anticipate truckload volumes to grow at 3.5% per year until 2023. And if you just do kind of assuming which by the way we’re not assuming, assuming we don’t take any market share, if you just use that figure and you extrapolate it out, that’s well over 1 million additional loads that we would be doing in the outer years. And so we, as a senior leadership team, particularly a NAST organization, Robison Fresh in that area, think about how do we continue to grow for the long term. And part of that which we’ve done is invest through cycles, invest for good cycles, invest for challenging cycles when it comes to thinking about the long-term strategic plan and strategic priorities for the organization. So we just want to make sure that we communicated effectively to people on this phone and obviously to people in our organization to let them know that we’re thinking about things in the short term and making the adjustments that we need to make. But there’s also a long-term gain that’s out there.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, Andy. Next question to John also on personnel. You’ve been steadfast in your strategy to higher employees to support future growth. Are employee hiring plans expected to be tempered given the second quarter of 2017’s net revenue contraction?
John P. Wiehoff: As I stated earlier, the headline answer to that is yes. However, one of the things I do want to clarify is that we are very well aware of how the world is changing and the impact of technology and the fact that more and more in almost every industry you cannot just throw bodies at things to solve problems. The thing that we try to emphasize and differentiate is that while there’s a lot of automation and change in our industry, we do have 4% or 5% of our freight that is completely automated and we’re investing to try to drive up and increase the digital processes across all of our freight. But at the same time we believe in account management. We believe in the value that our people can add. Our customers tell us that all the time. We know that a lot of our gains and a lot of opportunity to continue to grow in the marketplace is driven by having what we think are the best people in the industry. So we want to make sure that we combine our belief in sales and account management with everything that we can do to automate and improve our processes and leverage our productivity in the future. And the last part around that is because we do have a heavy balance of proprietary technology, even our investments in that area show up in the personnel line more so than the SG&A line item because we are building a lot of our own code. So we are managing and adjusting to how our industry is changing and how the marketplace is changing and we do have a commitment to our employees that we think they are a key part of our success and will be in the future as well too. But we’re also focused on leveraging technology and productivity gains for the future.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, John. Next question to Andy on competition. Was any margin pressure a function of extra brokerage capacity brought into the market by Uber, Amazon or any of the other venture capital funded start-ups?
Andrew Clarke: I would I guess maybe answer that question by clearly the margin pressure that we are experiencing and quite frankly everybody is experiencing is brought on by a challenging pricing environment and increased competition broadly speaking. I’m not sure in terms of the question of the extra brokerage capacity and how that relates. But there certainly is – in environments like this, people tend to obviously react as we’ve done it and become very competitive in the marketplace. And so we’re reacting as we need to in that area.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, Andy. Next question to John. Can you please discuss net revenue growth excluding APC Logistics July to-date, year-over-year?
John P. Wiehoff: So I’ve talked about this in the prepared comments a little bit but I’ll clarify a little bit further. So July to-date, net total company net revenue we’re up 2%. We have shared and been consistent that the acquisition of APC has contributed about 2%. The APC acquisition closed right around October 1st or the beginning of the fourth quarter. So there is one more quarter. And including these early results in July, we are getting a little bit of tailwind from the APC acquisition that would show up in the Global Forwarding segment. The changes that I discussed around adapting to the market are driven towards the truckload services in both NAST and Fresh. So really when you look at our second quarter results of total company net revenue being down 4 versus the plus 2% for the early July, virtually all of that changes in the truckload services net revenue for the first couple of weeks of July.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, John. Next question to Andy. Global Forwarding organic net revenue growth of roughly 12% year-over-year, any specific verticals, regions or other sources of this growth does it reflect share gains or underlying market improvement?
Andrew Clarke: Well, clearly the market is up a little bit as others have reported but we’re also taking market share in our Global Forwarding operations. As I’ve mentioned in our prepared remarks, the team has done a wonderful job across the board, its ocean, its air, its customs. As it relates to trade lanes, again I mentioned that we’re now the number one NVO from all of Asia to the United States whereas previously we were the number one NVO from China. And so as we’ve expanded over the last several years into more southern Asia, our team has done a great job here and there to grow the volumes and grow the net revenues in that trade lane. And I would offer that the opportunity that APC has brought is also helping us drive organic growth, because we do have more of a presence and now business that we had not seen from Asia and from Europe to Australia and reverse are the results of that acquisition. So there’s really good organic growth in terms of industry verticals. And by the way, our freight’s all over as well with a large portion of it coming from Asia to the United States, as I mentioned, our gateway consolidations. As far as verticals, again I think our team has done a great job of diversifying across many different verticals and being able to provide solutions for those customers. The one that I would highlight is the efforts that we’ve had around the semiconductor industry.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. John, given your tenure and expertise in transportation, how would you characterize the current freight environment? We have heard that the market tightened significantly during June and that seems to be supported by spot rate data. Would you characterize this as a strong seasonal uptick or do you believe we are on the cusp of a recovery in the freight market after a challenging prior 18 months?
John P. Wiehoff: Given the earlier comments that I’ve already discussed around how we are adapting to the market changes, we do believe that there is more than just a seasonal uptick and that this is reflective of a trend and that’s why we are adapting to the market and making some of the changes that we are. Thinking about kind of where we’re at – overall, where are we at in the market, several years ago we added Slide 8 to our presentation deck and again Andy’s made some comments on it. But I would like to refer everybody back to that for just a moment, the slide that has the two blue lines on it that shows our average cost of price to customers as well as our average cost of hire and then what that does to our net revenue margins. Obviously, majority of the questions this quarter are around this. How could this happen? Didn’t you anticipate it? Where’s it going to go? And those are all fair questions. When you look at Slide 8 and you look back over the last decade around how our business has evolved, how our pricing has evolved and start thinking about what does this quarter mean, where do we go from here? I do think studying that is very helpful and probably is what I or most of us would look at in terms of kind of making the decision around adjusting to the market conditions and thinking about what the remainder of the year or next year is likely to look at. When you look at the last decade through this pricing, you see those lines go all over the place. They’re up double digits at times and down high single digits at times during that 10-year period. Lots of data points and ours would suggest that over time, there’s an average 2% to 3% increase in the cost of hire and the cost to the customer side of it. You can see on that chart that we’re coming off 18 to 24 months of down pricing. You can also see on that slide how we do adjust. Those two lines will stay closer together. And over the last year, year and a half, they’ve been coming from meaningful declines and moving upward. And again, this is our average of both committed and transactional activity. So there’s probably more volatility in the transactional stuff as Andy said in his early comments. It’s always hard when you look backwards because history becomes obvious. But when you look at what’s been going on for the last couple of quarters, there has been some pretty meaningful upward trends around price reductions that likely weren’t sustainable. This industry has always had some cost increases and while we’re all working hard on productivity, there’s also some long-term drivers of increased cost in the price of the equipment, some regulatory changes that are reducing productivity. So when you look at it now and you see the head fake [ph] in late 2017 of both of those going down for a quarter and then you see for two quarters in a row now the resumption of some pretty significant upward trends, we do believe that’s more than a seasonal uptick and it makes sense in the longer term perspective of things that it’s going to have to be positive for a while. We’ve also talked in the past around when you look in aggregate at this chart, there’s clearly more volatility than what we would have experienced in decades prior to that. Some of that may be brought on by our evolution to more committed freight that we’ve talked about earlier but I think on the industry as a whole, as people are looking at more data and managing processes more tightly, I think it’s a normal conclusion that markets tend to get more volatile when they’re automated and managed more tightly and there’s less slack in them. So will it go all the way up to a double digit increase in the next year or two, I don’t know. It’s happened twice on this chart. It could happen again. Probably has a relationship of what the overall demand of freight and the overall economic conditions do in the next year or two as well. Those are the thoughts I would share with regards to that question.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, John. The next question for Andy and it’s going to be a couple of parts here. Can you give us a sense of the monthly net revenue growth progression through the second quarter of 2016 and then also the net revenue growth per day in the third quarter of 2016 by month, and then also the monthly net revenue trend during the second quarter of 2017?
Andrew Clarke: Yes, so I’ll bracket into – just to do the Q2 numbers both '16 and '17. So the second quarter of '16 went April was up 9%, May was flat and June was down 3%. So that’s Q2 of '16. Q2 of '17 was minus 3, minus 5 and minus 3. As we look at the Q3 of 2016, so the comp that we’re coming up against, July was minus 3, August was minus 7 and September was minus 5.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, Andy. And just a reminder, those are all per business day percent changes. The next question for John on intermodal. What contributed to accelerate – the acceleration in the rate of intermodal volume growth?
John P. Wiehoff: I believe we’ve talked about this in the past couple of quarters where we’ve started to see some growth in our intermodal volume. Historically, we have been more of a transactional intermodal provider where we’ve worked across our customers to try to find opportunities where we could apply intermodal when the market conditions were suited to that. As truckload pricing has softened and as the intermodal world has changed, we’ve moved more towards bigger, more committed or permanent intermodal shipping customers and we have had some wins in that area. So as Andy stated, it’s sometimes coming at lesser margins than historical spot market intermodal activity but we do feel good about the direction that we’re headed with regards to bigger wins and more volume increases in our intermodal capabilities.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. With Europe’s economy rebounding nicely, are you finding increased demand for your services on the continent?
Andrew Clarke: We are. Our volume’s up in Europe 10% versus last year, so again the team’s done a great job of going in there and getting more committed in contractual business with our customers just like in North America. There’s a bit of margin compression but they’ve done a wonderful job of growing with some e-commerce as well as some new retail accounts that we have over there.
Timothy Gagnon: Okay. Thanks, Andy. Next question for John again on the topic of contractual and transactional truckload business. Did you change to more contractual versus variable on relationships with customers or is the ratio in line with historical comps?
John P. Wiehoff: I did address this earlier. Here it’s probably worth repeating. Year-over-year, not a significant move but the long-term trend is towards having more committed freight. And again that’s a combination of us expanding our presence with our larger more integrated customers and participating in the broader portion of their freight, which is the more committed stuff. But year-over-year, not so much a big change but the obvious difference is that the increase in the cost of hire accelerated this year and made the consequences of those committed relationships different than a year ago.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy on pricing. You mentioned customer pricing is committed at relatively flat prices. Does this imply that average pricing across all truckload contracts was flat on a year-over-year basis, or that actual contract renewals were flattish? Could you provide color on truckload contract re-pricing trends during the first half 2017 bidding season?
Andrew Clarke: Pricing to all customers committed and spot were flat during the quarter. And as John and I and all of us have mentioned numerous times, there’s a mix. We had more customers in the committed/contractual business where the pricing was slightly down. Pricing to customers in the spot market was up. We just had less of it and as a result overall that number is flat. If you think about the compression that occurred, I talked a little bit about it during my prepared remarks, but it accelerated during the quarter to where it ended – for the quarter, it was up 4 on the cost to hire and June ended at plus 6 and that was something that we didn’t expect and quite frankly I don’t think anybody else out there expected. Because when we were having conversations with our customers as it related to pricing both at the end of 2016 coming into the first half of '17, we and everybody else and our customers assumed that pricing was going to be flat to slightly down and that’s what we had predicted, and it made those investments and those customer relationships based on that and it turned particularly towards the latter part of the second quarter.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. How should we think about operating expense growth for the remainder of the year? Should current freight market fundamentals persist? Would you expect operating expense growth to outpace net revenue growth?
John P. Wiehoff: So again, I started to touch on this earlier. We have not given up our long-term goal that net revenue growth and operating expense growth would stay variable together and over time grow at the same pace, given the periods of time that it can take a quarter or two to adapt to market pricing or to adjust our hiring practices. Unfortunately I do think for the next quarter or two, while we’ll see improvement what we’ll be seeing is that expense activity coming in line with net revenue activity probably not getting in line or crossing over until 2018. We’re managing it every day. There’s a lot on the table. The market conditions can change every day and every week. So we’ll be on top of this doing the best that we can. But that’s where we’re at in our cycle and that’s where we’re at in terms of managing our resources for the current environment.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. How could the Amazon-Whole Foods deal impact your produce business? Will it be a help or a hindrance?
Andrew Clarke: The good news is we are a valued provider to both companies. So we obviously have talked about our relationship with Amazon as well as Whole Foods. So we believe that when we continue to execute in the ability that we have, we’ve carved out for a long time – as I mentioned, our produce business is how we got started. So we feel pretty good about our team’s ability to execute on produce. And the retail industry broadly speaking is one of our largest verticals. So we think we’ve got a pretty good expertise from that area. So the team is thinking about and obviously it’s yet to be closed, but we are planning on presenting our ability to add more value to those combined entities.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, Andy. And that will take us to the bottom of the hour and unfortunately we’re out of time. We apologize that we couldn’t get to all the questions that came in. We appreciate your participation in the call this morning. The call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of our Web site at chrobinson.com. It’s also available by dialing 1-877-660-6853 and entering the pass code 13664562#. The replay will be available at approximately 11.30 Eastern Time this morning. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to give me a call at 952-683-5007 or by email as well. Thank you. Have a good day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson First Quarter 2017 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today's presentation, Tim Gagnon will facilitate a review of previously submitted questions. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, April 26, 2017. I will now turn the conference over to Tim Gagnon, the Director of Investor Relations.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thank you, Donna, and good morning, everyone. On our call this morning will be John Wiehoff, Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Clarke, Chief Financial Officer. John and Andy will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our first quarter results. We'll follow that with a response to the pre-submitted questions we received after our earnings release yesterday. Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate our discussion. The slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website which is located at chrobinson.com. John and Andy will be referring to these slides in their prepared comments. I'd like to remind you that comments made by John, Andy or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. Before turning it over to John, I wanted to remind investors that last quarter we started reporting our business in three reporting segments based on accumulation of changes that have occurred during recent years. Our three reportable segments are the Surface Transportation business in North America, the Global Forwarding business, which now represents over 20% of enterprise net revenues and the Robinson Fresh business. With that, I'll turn it over to John to begin his prepared comments on slide three with a review of our first quarter results.
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thank you, Tim. Our total revenues increased 11% in the first quarter. The revenue increase was the result of volume growth across all of our transportation services. Net revenues increased 1% in the quarter. The addition of APC Logistics accounted for approximately 2% of our total net revenue in the quarter. Net revenues were negatively impacted by margin compression across most of our transportation services, with the truckload margin compression as the largest factor. Income from operations was 188 million, a decrease of 5.5%, and net income was up 2.6%. We had diluted earnings per share of $0.86 compared to $0.83 last year. As noted on the slide, we did have a couple of discrete items that impacted the first quarter results that I want to highlight here, and Andy will cover more about them in his comments. The first relates to our adoption of a new accounting rules for income taxes. That adoption resulted in a lower effective tax rate of 31.7% for the quarter. The second item references a credit that reduced our SG&A by $8.75 million related to the positive settlement of a legal claim. Again, more a common both of those, but I wanted to highlight them as discrete of items impacting our first quarter results. Our average head count was up 7.8%, with APC accounting for approximately 2.5 percentage points of the overall head count growth. We've discussed the past couple of quarters that we continue to be in a tough part of the margin cycle in the North American truckload business. We felt that might be the case in the first half of 2017 and the first quarter results are indicative of a continuation of that environment. We've continued to take share across all of our services and we feel very good about our value proposition and how we're winning market share across all of our services and markets. With that, I'll turn it over to Andy to review to review results from across the businesses.
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thank you, John. I will begin my comments on slide four with the enterprise financials before moving to the reportable segments. We acknowledge it was a challenging quarter for earnings. However, I'd like to recognize all of our people for their great efforts in delivering 13% volume growth across all of the services. This growth is well ahead of the overall market and strong indication that the hard work of our people throughout the entire company is being recognized by our customers. Onto the summarized income statement. For the first quarter operating expenses increased 4.5% to $381 million. Personnel expenses increased 4.7% in the quarter. The primary reason for the increase in personal expense was the addition of people in the three business segments and in technology as our average head count rose 7.8% in the quarter. We invested in talent to support the double-digit volume growth in the business units and additionally, we are adding to the IT team to support the execution of our technology initiatives and the continued enhancement of them Navisphere platform. Approximately 30% of the additional head count was a result of the APC acquisition, which is added nicely to our top line growth. The increase in head count cost were partially offset by our variable compensation plans where both cash and equity incentives were lower in the quarter. SG&A expenses increased 3.7% in the first quarter and were impacted by a couple of items. We had previously reported the settlement of a legal claim, which reduced SG&A by 8.75 million in this line item. That benefit was offset partially by a higher allowance for doubtful accounts of about $3.5 million, an increase in purchase services of about $4 million and approximately $3 million increase in acquisition amortization. For the quarter, our operating income as a percent of net revenue was 33.1%, a decrease of 220 basis points from last year. The effective tax rate during the quarter was 31.7% versus 37 .4% last year. The tax rate was lower as a result of the tax benefit related to the adoption of ASU 2016-09 in the quarter. The effect of adoption of the accounting standards update was to lower our effective taxes paid by $9.3 million. The first quarter will have the largest impact to the tax rate as a result of the way our compensation timing works. For the remaining quarters in 2017, we expect a tax rate between 36% and 37%. This rate will fluctuate based on the value of the shares, as well as a percentage of pre-tax profits generated outside the United States. Moving on to slide five and other financial information, we generated nearly $93 million in cash in the quarter, and had just under $17 million in capital expenditures. The largest driver in the decrease in cash flow from operations during the quarter was the increase in accounts receivable. This occurrence is normal during periods of accelerating top line growth as well as increases in the cost of fuel. We finished the quarter with $230 million in cash, and our debt balance remains $1.24 billion. For the year 2017, we expect total capital expenditures to be in the range of $60 million to $70 million. On to slide six, and our capital distribution to shareholders. We returned approximately 113 million share shareholders in the quarter with just under $65 million in dividends and approximately $48 million in share repurchases. For the quarter, we returned 92% of our income to shareholders in line with our objectives. On to slide seven, and net revenue by service. As a reminder, this slide represents the services revenue for all of our business units. I will not spend a lot of time on this slide, but rather will make comments about the various service revenues within the business segments. Moving to slide eight and our North American truckload price and cost chart. The graph on slide eight represents a few key metrics for the North American truckload business. On this graph, the light and dark blue lines represent the percent change in North American truckload rate per mile to customers and carriers net of fuel costs since 2008. The gray line is the net revenue margin for all transportation services. In this year's first quarter, the North American truckload rate per mile, net of fuel, fell 4% versus last year's first quarter while cost per mile fell 2%. The 4% decrease in customer pricing represented a step down versus the fourth quarter and this is reflective of both our contractual and transactional pricing. The cost per mile reverted to negative year-over-year versus being flat in the fourth quarter. The North American truckload market remains fairly balanced as it has been for the past few quarters, and pricing is very competitive given the fact that capacity is available and demand is tepid. From a shipment perspective, they are feeling the impact of a 25% increase in diesel prices in the first quarter, and that is certainly pressuring their freight budgets. We do believe that the market conditions will improve later in the year as the ELD mandate draws closer and the remaining carriers implement ELDs and realize a productivity impact related to the transition. Moving to slide nine and our transportation results. Total transportation revenues for all segments were up $14.3 billion to $3.1 billion in the first quarter. As I mentioned earlier, this is a result of our strong volume growth of 13% across all of our services in the quarter. Transportation net revenue margin decreased approximately 240 basis points from last year's first quarter to 17.3%. This was primarily the result of lower margins, and most of the transportation services with North American truckload margin compression having the greatest impact. Margin compression had an approximate 170 basis-point negative impact on margins in the quarter. Fuel also had a negative impact of 60 basis points, with diesel pricing up 25%. For the first time in four quarters, the net revenue margins, on overall transportation rose, albeit slightly, by 10 basis points as a result of mix shift and more LTL and global forwarding business. On to slide 10 and the reportable segments. We refer to North American Surface Transportation division as NAST. The NAST business is comprised of offices in the United States, Mexico and Canada, providing primarily truckload, less than truckload and intermodal services to consumers. NAST total revenues were $2.3 billion in the first quarter, an increase of 10.5% over last year's first quarter. NAST net revenues decreased 3% to $372 million in the quarter. Net revenue margin in NAST was 16.5% compared to last year's first quarter of 18. 8%. The lower margins were primarily the result of a lower customer pricing in the truckload business. NAST operating expenses decreased 2.2% in the first quarter of 2017. This decrease was largely due to the collection of the previously discussed legal claim as well as decreases in variable personnel expenses. Income from operations was down 4% to $156 million. NAST operating margin was 41.9% in the quarter. Employee count was 6,844, up 2.7%. We achieved solid productivity for person gains in the NAST business as volumes grew across the various services and combined 10%. The margin of compression meets the productivity gains in the quarter, but we feel really good about the fact that our initiatives around digitalization and leveraging our scale are yielding solid results. Now on to slide 11 and the results by service within NAST. John and I have highlighted some of the factors impacting our truckload business in the quarter. NAST truckload net revenues were down $16 million or 5.7%. Volumes were up 11% in the quarter as a result of growth in both our contractual and transactional shipments. We added 3,600 new carriers in the first quarter compared to approximately 2,600 in last year's first quarter. These new carriers moved over 18,000 shipments for us in the first quarter. The less than truckload business had another solid growth quarter with net revenues up 7.1% to $93.5 million. Volumes increased 8.5% when compared to the first quarter of last year. Pricing was up slightly, and net revenue margins were down slightly as we purchased transportation costs increased during the quarter. Intermodal net revenues decreased 17.3% in the quarter. However, volumes were up 14%. Over the past several quarters, we have been growing the contractual business at lower margins while transactional volumes are down quite a bit from last year's first quarter. On to Global Forwarding on slide 12. Total revenues for Global Forwarding segment in the first quarter were $469 million, up 33.5% versus last year. First quarter net revenues were $106.5 million, a 14.7% increase from 2016. APC Logistics was a significant contributor to this success in Global Forwarding, adding approximately 14% of the net revenue in the quarter. Our teams continue to do a nice job with the integration. Net revenue margin was 22.8%, down 360 basis points year-over-year. While we feel good about the progress in volume growth our teams are making, we did experience margin compression during the quarter primarily on the Ocean business. Income from operations was $16.2 million, down 3.9% in the first quarter. Operating margin was 15.2% in the quarter. The lower operating margin versus last year's first quarter was primarily the result of a lower net revenue margins and the acquisition amortization related to the purchase of APC. Headcount increased 12.6% in the quarter, with APC representing just over 300 employees or approximately 9% of additional employees in the business. Moving on to the Global Forwarding service lines on slide 13. Ocean net revenues were up 8.3% in the quarter, and APC contributed approximately 11.5% to the growth. Ocean's shipments increased approximately 27% in the quarter, and pricing was up in the ocean service line. The margin compression in the ocean service line, however, was primarily in the – our contractual business. Approximately 25% of our organic ocean volume has fixed pricing with customers and the increases in our cost per shipment impacted our first quarter margins. Air net revenues increased 17.2%. APC contributed approximately 12% to the growth. Air shipments increased approximately 38.6% in the quarter and pricing was again down. Our sales efforts are yielding good results and the team is excited about the momentum they are building, particularly in the global air consolidation centers. Customs net revenue increased 50%, with APC contributing approximately 37% to the growth. Customs transactions increased approximately 37.8% in the first quarter. Transitioning to our Robinson Fresh business on slide 14. Robinson Fresh, which is our global logistics and product division, is focused on fresh, temperature controlled supply chain. With our new reporting segment, we now share results inclusive of revenues from sourcing and transportation services whereas previously, we only reported sourcing revenue and rolled sourcing transportation up into the consolidated transportation reporting. Robinson Fresh total revenues were $550 million, a decrease of 2.4% in the first quarter. Net revenues were $57 million, down 2.3% from last year. Robinson Fresh operating expenses increased 4.3% in the first quarter. The increase was primarily due to increased head count to serve the 29% truckload volume growth, and an increase in SG&A expenses. Income from operations was $14.6 million, a decrease of 17.4%. And Robinson Fresh head count increased 4.2% in the quarter. Robinson Fresh sourcing total revenue declined 13.1%. The decrease in total revenue was a result of market pricing being down approximately 12% per case sold because of a supply surplus. Even with the lower gross sales, our product team did a nice job managing through these conditions and grew product net revenue by 3.9% year-over-year. Net revenue margin increased a 160 basis points in the first quarter as a result of the lower product cost driving a higher net revenue per case in our strategic and market commodities. I want to make a special callout to the sourcing team for the work they've done in Q1 by focusing on new and existing customer growth. Robinson Fresh transportation total revenues increased 16.4% in the first quarter of 2017, driven by impressive volume growth of 24%. Robinson Fresh transportation net revenue decreased 8.6% in the first quarter of 2017, due primarily to truckload net revenue declining 10.7% in the quarter. Similar to our other transportation services, we believe we are gaining share and we continue to be optimistic about our growth in the long term. Moving to all other and corporate on slide 17. The all other category includes our Managed Services business, as well as Surface Transportation outside of North America and other miscellaneous revenues, as well as unallocated corporate expenses. Headcount was up 17.1%, and this was primarily the result of increases in technology, other enterprise resources and managed services. Net revenues for the other category increased 14.9% in the first quarter of 2017, compared to the same period in 2016, led by the continued strong performance in our Managed Services and our Surface Transportation business in Europe. Managed Services net revenue increased 17.9% in the first quarter of 2017 to $17.2 million, compared to $14.6 million in the first quarter of 2016. This increase the result of growth from both new and existing customers. Other surface transportation increased 11.8% in the first quarter of 2017 to $15.6 million, compared to $13.9 million in the first quarter of 2016. Again, primarily the result of growth in the European surface transportation business. Both businesses continue to be very profitable, with the decrease in operating income during the quarter being the result of some unallocated overhead expenses. Before I turn it back to John, I'd like again to thank my colleagues for their continued hard work and dedication. With that, John will make some closing comments before we answer your questions.
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thank you, Andy. Before going on to those questions, I'm going to share some thoughts on our final comments on slide 19. In April to-date, our total company net revenue has decreased approximately 4% per business day. This includes the additional revenue from the APC acquisition. The timing of the Easter holiday has been a small headwind for us in April, and we also had a strong April last year as this was our strongest month in the second quarter a year ago. Our North America truckload volume growth remains consistent with the first quarter and thus far in April. Overall, the market conditions remained fairly consistent with the past couple of quarters thus far in April. We typically close our prepared comments with some thoughts about our longer-term strategies and how we are planning to invest in our future growth. As most of you know, we'll be hosting an Investor Day session next week that will be webcasted that will update our future plans for each of our businesses. I'll close my prepared comments by highlighting some of the topics that we'll be addressing next week for those want to hear more. With regards to segment strategies, we have both enterprise and divisional strategies and growth initiatives. We'll be having our divisional leaders share updates on their respective strategies for each of the services as well as discussing how we work together as one team to share investments and leverage our network for better customer outcomes. With regards to capital allocations, Andy shared the capital distribution update for the quarter in an earlier slide. While we will remain committed to our target of distributing 90% of our net income, we'll also continue to explore ways to utilize our strong balance sheet as we have in the past by investing close to $1 billion in our Global Forwarding division over the past five years. With regards to market share opportunities, market share gains driven by effective sales and account management remain at the core of how we grow and create value. Each of our leaders will be discussing their plans for continued growth and market share gains. And lastly, both the competitive landscape and the investments in technology and our industry continue to grow and change very quickly. We are investing significantly more in our technology, and we're excited to share some perspective on our priorities and where we're investing to support our future growth. So that concludes our prepared comments for the quarter. And with that, I will turn it back to Tim to lead the question-and-answer session of the call.
Operator: Mr. Gagnon, the floor is yours for the Q&A session.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Donna, and first I would like to thank all of the analysts and investors for taking the time to submit some really good questions late yesterday. I'll frame up those questions as they were submitted, and turn it over to John or Andy for their response. And we'll get right into that now. The first question is for Andy. How much of the 19% year-over-year increase in operating cost is Global – came from Global Forwarding and from APC in the quarter? What were the main drivers of the Global Forwarding expenses?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Yes, approximately 16% of the 19% increase in the operating cost in Global Forwarding were the results of APC. Included in that number is approximately $3 million of the amortization expense from the acquisition. Our volume growth outside of APC was 18%, and I think the Global Forwarding team did a very nice job of managing their head count growth as well as their overall operating expenses with such high volume growth in that. Remaining additional part, as John and I have talked about, is the increase in technology spend and the investments that we're making in that area to obviously help us with long-term productivity gains.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. Personnel expense increases up 4.7% year-over-year this quarter continue to outpace revenue growth resulting in a reduced net income per head count. While on-boarding has appeared to slow, it is still up by 655 people, or 5.9% for 1Q. What levers are being utilized to support operating income per head count as it continues to decrease sequentially and year-over-year?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: So those are some of the very important metrics that we do look at in terms of managing the efficiency and the productivity of our business. I would say that the headline answer to that question is this net revenue margin compression that we talked about throughout our prepared comments. If you look particularly within NAST, but all of the businesses, when we had an 11% transaction increase and a decrease in the net revenue that resulted from that, it does put a lot of productivity pressure on the network where our core productivity metric has been shipments per person and looking at the activity levels for – across our network. So when we have this part of the cycle where we have net revenue margin compression like we experienced this quarter, it does put pressure on our operating income per person. One of the reasons why we implemented segment reporting is that as we've grown and diversified our business, it is very helpful to look at the pieces of that question. We've talked quite a bit about Global Forwarding and the APC acquisition. If you look at that segment, that is where the most significant operating income relationship changed, in part because of the purchase accounting expenses that come in there, and part because of the additional head count. We like the Global Forwarding business. The ROI on that investment has been very positive to-date, but it does change some of the internal metrics with people spread around the world in a different type of business relationship. Similarly, in our corporate and other, where you see the largest head count growth around managed services and IT investments, we do have a different framework for looking at investment of talent in that area. So while the metrics that were pointing out are accurate, that the operating income per head count goes down, part of it cyclical, part of it varies across the different businesses that we have, and we will continue to manage that metric as best as we can.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. The next question for Andy. Interest expense increase sequentially to $9.3 million in the first quarter. Is that a good run rate going forward?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: There are three components to that figure. And the first one is, which is fixed, is our long-term debt. It's $500 million and it's a fixed rate. The second portion of that is our short-term debt, and there's two components that are impacting that. One, the number is bigger versus last year due to the acquisition of APC. And secondarily, it's floating and it's tied to LIBOR, and LIBOR has been up over that same time period. And so as LIBOR goes, you would expect our interest rate that we pay to fluctuate with that. The third function that's in there is foreign currency translations and the adjustments that are in there, and given that there is now nearly 20% of our business that's being generated outside of the United States, there is foreign currency fluctuations that roll through that line item. So, it's those three issues that are impacting it. The $9.3 million is a relatively good number but there is variability to that subject to foreign currency as well as LIBOR.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. To John with the next question. NAST net revenue margin improved sequentially, but operating margin ex the legal claim declined. What caused this divergence? Any color on the expected cadence for the remainder of the year would be appreciated as well?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: This is really the follow on question to the first topic I addressed, only directed specifically at NAST around their net revenue margin versus the operating margins. Within the NAST results for the quarter, the real headline is the net revenue margin compression that caused that deterioration. I'll repeat what I had stated earlier. When you have that type of volume growth – and we are proud of the fact that we accommodated, and our network was able to manage that volume growth with a 3% head count within NAST. But when your net revenue margin compresses that much it is what drives the operating margin deterioration. In terms of the cadence for the rest of the year, we've talked often about – it was kind of middle of 2016 where we saw a pretty significant change in the margins. So we do know that we have at least another quarter of more challenging margin comparisons for 2017. As we mentioned, our run rate of volume growth continues in April, so we would expect the results in the short-term future to be consistent with the past couple of quarters.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. How much business does Amazon do with Robinson on a gross revenue measure, and how aggressive have they been with pricing? Have they approached Robinson about becoming a larger intermodal partner?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Yeah. It's been our longstanding policy to not comment on the specifics of any customer, and if you look at our overall customer dynamics, we don't have a single customer that accounts for more than 2% of our gross revenue, and Amazon is not our largest customer, although they're in our top 50 customer. I would say that you would expect us and all of our account reps and all of our people across the 14,000 employees that we have worldwide to talk to every one of our customers about every one of the services that we provide.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. Next question to John. What's driving total company net revenue per day down 4% April to date?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: We addressed some of the April activity in the final comments that we prepared. You know, I guess what I would repeat is that there is a timing of the Easter Holiday which can impact the beginning of the April. The previous year, April was our strongest month in terms of second quarter growth last year so there could be some minor comparison challenge in that. So mostly it's a continuation of the same environment that we had in the first quarter, where there's high volume growth, and some net revenue margin compression. I think whenever we share kind of these mid-month numbers, things can change quite a bit with month-end push and other activities, so we like to give it a just a general gauge of what's happening. But I would say it's safe to sort of state that we are seeing activity that's pretty comparable to what we experienced in the first quarter.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. Next question to Andy. Please review what accounts for the sharply higher volume growth of the last three quarters in NAST, specifically North America truck load. These last three quarters have a pattern of continued lower pricing, but where the pricing is actually now falling more than your lower purchased transportation cost. Is this a function of re-contracting at prices lower than your falling cost, but in such a way that you were winning more volume?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Yes, we'll start off by first addressing NAST in general. And as we talked about, I think we've done a great job in the entire NAST organization, both in the truck load growing volumes 11% in the quarter, LTL growing volumes 8.5%, and intermodal growing volumes at 14%. And so if you think about, what I would call the sell, and how do we go out and attract volume, and it's primarily through a couple of key elements. One is our people. We have great people out in the organization right now and account managers and sales reps and the carrier reps and everybody that works in that area of going out and aggressively pursuing market share. So I think those type of volume growths that we've consistently seen over the last several quarters are really a recognition of the fact that our people are winning on a more frequent basis. And they're winning with the use of additional technology. So when we go out on that commitment and contractual business, your customers, our customers are intelligent, they know where the market is, and we've got a be right there with them, and we're using data analytics, and we're using technology and we're using science to really win. And if you think about the percentage increase on a year-over-year basis where we're winning, it's up 400 basis points on that contractual business. So we really focus on those key elements. And even in the transactional business, there's more technology, and there's more resources that we're bringing to bear for our people. And our people are smart – and we're developing talent across the organization to help us win that business. So that's on the sell side. Now when you go out into the buy side, there's a lot of different factors that impact that. And as we talk about over the last three or four years, that committed and contractual business roughly bounces between 60%. Some quarters it's up a little, some quarters it's down, and the remaining 40% is in the spot. But when we go out to actually buy the capacity is the vast majority, 90 plus percent, is in that spot market. And again, I think we have really talented people that are going out there and buying very well and very effectively every day in that marketplace. And what you see is, over the long term, the trend lines of the routing guides. And that's really kind of important, and there's a nuance to it. When we go to set that pricing, as I mentioned earlier, you're setting committed and contractual prices for whether it's six months or a year in advance and you're predicting what will happen. Ultimately, what does happen is where things fall out on the routing guide. And if you'd looked at this time last year the routing guide were in the low ones, which means, guess what? People are getting their freight covered rather effectively. As we went through the year, that routing guide started to bounce up off of the low floor, low one floor, into the mid-ones, and it's kind of stayed in that range, and there's some variability month to month in that, but it's stayed in that range, and so our people are using all that information to go out and attract more business, and at the same time I think really do an effective job in this marketplace of pricing it accordingly.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. With more business running under contractual arrangements, do you think there is a risk that margins compress more quickly than the market might expect in the event that truck market tightens?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: One of the reasons why we added slide eight to our deck, that Andy shared some prepared comments about, is it shows, over the last decade, how our pricing to our customers and our costs of hire has varied and stayed together. And you can see on the chart from that last decade that there are periods of time where, you know, those two – the buy and sell rate will separate for a period of time, but what we like about the graph is it shows that over a decade, our business model and our teams are very disciplined at getting them back in line. It's true that as more of the business has become committed or contractual, you do have a little bit more price risk in terms of a significant change in market conditions around tightening capacity, a lot of discussion about whether the ELD requirements in December will be an event like that. If you look on that chart over the last decade, there were other CSA safety and hours of service type regulatory changes that had some impact on capacity that don't show up as all that significant. Who knows if the ELD event will be as well, but overall I guess we're proud of the fact that our business model adjusts for those types of market events, and we feel pretty confident about our ability to adjust to the market conditions if capacity does tighten significantly.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. Next question to Andy. Why was Coyote's aggressive pursuit of market share such a challenge for you when they were growing rapidly in 2012 and 2013? Why don't you expect Uber and Amazon to push into the freight brokerage markets to post a similar challenge for your business?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Well, I'm glad you asked that question in the form that it was actually written, and I'll address the Coyote. But as it relates to – I don't think that's our perspective and opinion that Amazon and Uber won't have an impact to the marketplace. And I'll address that in a second. If you think about over any historical period that dovetails with what John had mentioned, there's the cyclical trends and then the secular trends, and the cyclical trends our outsourcing is increasing, and we like that because it's what we do. And I think that we've been leading that industry for quite some period of time. Other competitors have entered the marketplace at different points in the cycle, and it tends to really show itself on a more material basis when the marketplace is balanced. So you go back to that time period that was mentioned, 2011, 2012, 2013, and the marketplace was balanced, which is kind of if you look at routing guides during that same time period is where they are today. So it feel like it's more balanced. Routing guides are more effective and they are more efficient, and loads are getting covered efficiently and effectively. And as a result, we went and got volume during that time period as well, and we were growing high single-digits, low double-digits during that period. So we were as aggressive in that marketplace as any of our competitors. If you look at today, and you look at the entrance of new competitors, and – by the way, all the ones that existed previously are still competing with us today. Whether they're independent or whether they were acquired, they're still competing in that marketplace. What we like about the – just from a macro perspective, thinking about the entrance of competitors, we think it validates the marketplace. We have for the longest time talked about the 3PL marketplace and the penetration of the overall for-hire truckload marketplace. And it started maybe a decade ago at the low-single digits and now it's 15%, 16%, 18% of the marketplace. We like the fact that when reputable competitors come in, it acknowledges the fact of what we do. It acknowledges the fact of what our people do, and we believe it's going to continue to drive up the acceptance and therefore the penetration rate of this brokerage and of the 3PL marketplace. We like they are bringing technology to bear. We like they are bringing people to bear. We like they are bringing relationships to bear to compete. And so we take seriously all of our competitors, regardless of the form that they take.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. Have you noticed any significant changes in the ocean freight markets with the new alliances that launched this month? What kind of impact is that having on your business and how can you adjust?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: The short answer to the question is "no", that we have not seen any impact on our business in the month of April. For those who may not be familiar with it, in the ocean industry there are vessel-sharing alliances, and the ocean carriers in those alliances made some changes and adjustments so that as of April 1st, there are new alliances that they're operating under. The primary impact to us historically and kind of going forward is that when we work with a customer that has a diversified carrier strategy, we have to make certain that by utilizing different carriers you're not actually putting the freight on the same vessel, even though you're using a different carrier because they're sharing the vessels. If you're worried about weather or different service disruptions, you want to make sure that you execute a diversified strategy by truly having alternative routes and different ways to ship your freight. The changes that were made April 1st over the long-term could have some meaningful impact. We have not seen any of that to date. We do have a team that aligns closely with all of those carrier groups and makes certain that as they change their routing and alliance procedures that we're able to adapt with them, and we feel pretty confident about being able to do that as well. So the short answer is no, no immediate impact thus far in April, and we've worked through the alliance transitions before, and we will work through these and feel good about how we'll be able to manage it.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. How much over-supply of capacity is there in the current truckload market? How does that compare to where the year started?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: I wouldn't say that there's any material change from where the year started. It goes back to the routing guides, and routing guides are working very efficiently right now. We continue to add capacity, and we talk about the 3,600 carriers that we added during the quarter, which is up from Q1 of last year. And again, the nets about the same, we're still losing carriers as well, or carriers that are not running for us, and they covered 18,000 loads. It's – if you think about the overall tepid demand environment, the CAS (42:47) figures I believe for March were only up 0 .9%, and that was trending down through the quarter. It's not as much of a capacity story as it is demand.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. To John. Should we expect CHRW to continue hiring at this rate for the remainder of the year?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: We do expect to continue to hire throughout 2017. If you kind of piece together the comments in our presentations and Q&A thus far, you know within the Global Forwarding division we had the APC acquisition that accelerated the increase in head count over the periods that we're talking about. So their growth going forward would not be at the same pace as it's been for the past couple of quarters. In terms of managed services, corporate and other and the IT spending that we've mentioned a few times, we do expect to continue to invest in both of those areas. We have a committed backlog of future contracts to implement, so we know that we'll be bringing talent on and there will be an investment that's more future oriented around implementation costs and automation initiatives that we expect to benefit for the longer-term future. The other business units, we do expect them to continue to hire as well, particularly if the volume growth that we're experiencing continues, but that would be at a more modest pace like you saw during the quarter in the segment results as well.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. Net revenue growth in the first quarter was 0.9%. However, personnel expenses were up 4.7%. How much of this is tied to bonus incentive comp accruals versus head count growth, and should we be thinking about personnel expenses growing faster than net revenue for the remainder of this year given your investment in head count and IT?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Yes, and to dovetail with a number of questions that have been asked and the answers that we've given, the net revenue growth of 0.9% was masked by the fact that volumes were growing at 13%, and personnel expenses up 4.7% on a 13% growth, when you're in a very challenging margin compression environment, it just – it kind of masks, I think, a lot of the good work that's occurring. The personnel expenses, that 4.7%, the dollar amounts were driven up by the fact that headcounts are up by nearly 8%, so the salaries associated with that are driving it up. The variable portion of compensation, be that our cash bonuses, as well as equity incentives, are down on a quarter-over-quarter basis.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. Can you remind us of the net revenue growth per day comps for the second quarter of 2016 by month? Also, can you provide the monthly net revenue per day for the first quarter of 2017?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: So if you look at the first quarter that we just reported on with our overall 1% net revenue increase, the months January, February, March went plus 2%, minus 2%, plus 2%. So a little bit of fluctuation. Again, there's different number of business days and a number of things that can impact that. So a little bit of fluctuation, but nothing too significant. Last year, second quarter of 2016, we had shared at that time that our daily net revenue growth for April, May, June was plus 9%, flat, and minus 3%. So I believe I had made the comment earlier in one of the questions that as far as Q2 of this year is concerned, that April would be our most challenging comparison based upon the growth from the prior year, and looking at the daily activity in April, it's fairly consistent with the first quarter. It's just that we have a little bit different comparison.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. Next question to Andy on ocean services. Ocean pricing increased for the first quarter in almost two years. What did you see in the marketplace?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Yeah. The ocean pricing has been, and is still at historical lows, and there's variability around that. You think about coming in to the first quarter, you had a combination of the Chinese New Year, as well as the Hanjin bankruptcy, still the after effects of that bleeding in to 2017, but still very, very historical lows in terms of what the ocean costs are.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. What impact, if any, do you expect Amazon.com to have on the brokerage market, specifically market share and net revenue margins once its brokerage platform goes live later this year?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: One of the things we'll be talking about next week in our Investor Day is just this escalation of activity in the competitive landscape. Andy touched on the point earlier that while we've acknowledged, and everyone understands that our industry has become much more competitive over the last decade, that part of the positive trade-up on that is the expansion of the addressable market, and that particularly more recently a lot of these non-traditional competitors coming in to this space are coming in with the belief that the entire market is addressable, and not just the brokerage component of it. So I'm not – Amazon hasn't been specific to kind of their go-to-market strategies or where in the big universe they are going to go after things. The only comment I'm aware of is with regards to whether it's final mile or ocean activities or longer-haul trucking. They have stated that they expect significant growth in their own business to continue, and that a lot of these investments will initially be focused on accommodating some of their own growth and then expanding more into a broader market services after that. I have no idea if that's what their brokerage platform intents are, but that would be consistent with kind of what they've said in other areas of the supply chain that they want to invest and grow in. So as I'll repeat again what Andy said earlier that we do think that digital transformations and all of the changes that we're going through and that are happening in our industry will have a very material impact, especially over the next decade or so as they all get traction and continue to make a greater and greater impact. And as far as what any one of them has in terms of the verticals or areas of the marketplace that they want to focus on initially, or what the short-term impact might be, it's difficult to assess at this point.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. To Andy, an ELD question. Has there been ELD discussions between Robinson and shippers or carriers? Do you expect the mandate to impact your carrier base? If so, what steps are you taking to be prepared for potential truck capacity tightening?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Yeah. This has been a topic that's not only top of mind for investors, but as you would imagine, top of mind for our customers and top of mind for our carriers. So we're having conversations every day with each of those respective parties. And it's difficult to categorize them in any one way, shape or form. So on the one hand, we talk to our customers and say that ELDs will have an impact to the overall marketplace, whether it be the actual availability of capacity or the productivity of that capacity. And yet, when we have those conversations, it seems like that the pricing environment continues to be challenged, because as I mentioned previously, routing guides are operating very effectively. And the desire to say lock-in or do something in advance of December is – it's just been very challenging in those conversations with customers despite the fact that we, they and everybody else know that it's coming. We have conversations with the carriers as well. And the good news, if you think about the bifurcation of the marketplace, whether it be small carriers, whom we contract with, or large carriers which we also contract with, we believe that it's a marketplace, and marketplaces ultimately adjust and adapt to what occurs. We believe that we are well positioned. We talk to our smaller carriers, and we have smaller carriers. In fact, we have single owner/operators that we recently had a conversation with that are ELD compliant today, and believe that they can continue to be compliant and productive and profitable despite the fact that they are running an ELD. And so, while there will be a disruption of some sort, that has yet to be (51:31), because we're still adding capacity in the marketplace right now, and we believe we will continue to do that. And when you have an effective and efficient marketplace, when there's dislocations and disruptions, people like C.H. Robinson are very effective in helping our customers secure that capacity. Whether we continue to do it in the small marketplace, which we will, or also access and tap the larger truck marketplace.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. Technology question for John. How do you more effectively use technology to leverage head count?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: We have initiatives across all of our business areas to drive productivity and to drive efficiency by using automation and digital transformation. There will be a lot more presented about that next week again by our various leaders. You know, kind of using NAST, the biggest part of our business as probably the primary example, when you talk about the volume growth versus the more limited head count growth in the quarter. NAST itself is, you know, in the midst of a multi-year transformation, or reinvention around how our President, Bob Biesterfeld and his leadership team, are really changing the job families and the approach within the network to make sure that we better utilize the new automation, the new tools that we're creating to drive that productivity. Examples would be that we share data electronically far more aggressively than we did even five years ago. The number of EDI and API interactions that exchange data with both shippers and carriers have gone up significantly. The track and trace information that check-call stuff that was done more manually in the past, a lot of effort around automating that. A lot of algorithms to help you find a truck more effectively. A lot of pricing tools that can help you move quicker. So just across the business, there's a number of different initiatives of how we're structuring the network, how we're leveraging the automation tools, and we're already seeing some pretty positive results like we did in the first quarter with regards to the NAST business. So I could share analogies in each of the other areas. I don't think there's any one silver bullet or one giant thing that is driving that digital transformation. It's the combination of a lot of initiatives spread across the entire business that, again, we'll be sharing more about in the future.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. Next question, again, for Andy on capacity. Could you comment on what you're seeing from the small fleets, one to 20 trucks? Are you seeing some of your carriers exit the industry, or is capacity expanding?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Go back to – we continue to add capacity in the marketplace at a greater rate than we've lost it. So adding 3,600 companies, and those 3,600, as you would imagine, all have less than 20 trucks. We continue to lose it, but not at a greater rate than what we've seen over the last three or four or five quarters. So I wouldn't categorize it as expanding or contracting. I would say it's more a continuation of the status quo.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. To John again on competition. Technology impact on the competitive landscape. Are you seeing the transactional business becoming more commodity-like versus the stickier, specialized, perhaps, contractual business?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: I would say that over the last decade or more, as we've evolved our business more in to committed or contracted type freight relationships, the technology has obviously had significant impact on both that business, as well as the traditional transaction or more spot market relationships. There is pretty significant differences between the two. Like I mentioned earlier, around the exchange of information, the tendering of freight, the tendering of status updates, a lot of the automation that happens in that more committed business does make it stickier, and does benefit from a degree of technology and automation that is more long-term. It requires more of an investment up front, but then has more of an investment relationship to it over time. In the spot market, competition and automation are having a significant impact too, but it's probably more driven at pricing and kind of reacting quicker and making sure that you're interacting with both the shippers and the capacity side by whatever means their preference is. A lot of it is still telephone. Some of it we have what we think is as good a mobile App as anyone. There's a lot of different ways to interact in the marketplace, and in that spot market world it's less about customization and unique interfaces with somebody and more about making sure that you have a wide array of exposure and able to accommodate whatever variation of capacity is out there. So we have seen kind of this divergent -- divergence in the competitive landscape around the types of automation and the types of things that it takes to be competitive in both transactional and committed business.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. Can you talk about productivity or net revenue employee trends by segment, and address what impact recent forwarding acquisitions is having on this metric?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Yeah. Good question. And I'm going to take it maybe even a couple layers deeper, which is – and let's start with the evolution of the company over the last decade, and net revenues are up roughly 8%, 9% over that last decade, and we've been able to grow both organically within our North America Surface Trans and organically and via acquisition on the other parts of our business, and they each have different metrics that are associated with them. Inside of NAST, as an example, truckload now represents 52%, 53% of our overall net revenue to the organization. So not only have we done a good job within our NAST organization with truckload, but doing things like adding LTL and intermodal have had an impact on those productivity metrics. So it's hard to simply say, you know, the net revenue per person has done different things. And they have, because of the different investments that we've made. But we've also made I think really good investments in our people and the services that we offer. So today, you think about LTL being nearly $100 million of net revenue, that adds an entirely different metric in terms of not only net revenue per transaction but also net revenue per person, because it's a much more highly automated function than, say, truckload. Then when you get into Global Forwarding and you think about the investments that we made, not only in terms of the people and the technology, and – but it's a different margin, you know, it's 22% net revenue margins – pardon me, nearly 23% net revenue margins this quarter versus 16.5% net revenue margins in our North American Surface Trans, and within that you've got customs, which is highly automated. You've got ocean, which we do a lot of less-than-container-load consolidations, as well as air consolidation shipments. And the growth rate in that organization, and the fact that we now have employees throughout the globe, and they have different cost metrics associated with them, so we have nearly 1,500 people in Asia, and they're wonderful and they do great work, but as you would imagine, looking simply at a net revenue per person in that function, they have a much lower cost per person in that function as well. So it did, if you just looked at the overall metric itself, the net revenue per person has come down when we did the Global Forwarding acquisitions, but it comes at a higher net revenue margin and it comes at a lower cost per person in those key geographies where we compete.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy and, thank you, everyone, for taking the time to listen to the call today. Unfortunately, we are out of time and couldn't get to all the questions. This call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of our website at chrobinson.com. It will also be available by dialing 1-877-660-6853, and entering the pass code 13657306#. The replay will be available approximately 11:30 Eastern Time this morning. Before I close, I'd also like to remind you, and it's been referenced a couple times this morning, that we will be holding an Analyst and Investor Day next Wednesday, May 3rd, from 9:00 to 3:00 Central Time, 10:00 to 4:00 Eastern Time. A live audio webcast and presentation slides will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website and there will also be a replay available following the conclusion of that event. As always, if you have any questions, please call or E-mail me. My phone number is 952-683-5007 and email at tim.gagnon@chrobinson.com. Thank you. Have a great day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Timothy Gagnon - Director of Investor Relations John Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer Andrew Clarke - Chief Financial Officer
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Fourth Quarter 2016 Conference Call. Following today's presentation, Tim Gagnon will facilitate a review of previously-submitted questions. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, February 1, 2017. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Gagnon, Director of Investor Relations.
Timothy Gagnon: Thank you, Donna, and good morning, everybody. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Clarke, our Chief Financial Officer. John and Andy will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our fourth quarter and we will follow that with a response to the pre-submitted questions we received after earnings yesterday. Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate the discussion. The slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website which is located at chrobinson.com. John and Andy will be referring to these slides in their prepared comments. I'd like to remind you that comments made by John, Andy or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. With that, I'll turn it over to John to begin his prepared comments.
John Wiehoff: Thank you, good morning everyone. Before I discuss the results for the quarter and year-end, I want to take a minute and talk about some information that we’re presenting this quarter end will be going forward. You may have noticed in our release yesterday afternoon that we began presenting our business in three reporting segments in addition to the traditional reporting that we’ve provided. Our decision to add segment reporting is largely based on the accumulation of changes that have occurred in recent years. We’ve invested to expand our services and diversify our business and have also made structural changes to align executive oversight to the business. In late 2016, we made changes to our internal financial information that we used to make decisions including the allocation of our shared cost to the key business segments. Our three reportable segments are the surface transportation business in North America, where we’re market leader in providing truckload, less than truckload and intermodal services. The global porting business which now represents over 20% of our enterprise net revenues after the recent acquisition of APC and the Robinson Fresh business were an addition to transportation and logistics services, we provide fresh products for our customers. Our additional business units are aggregated into All Other. These business segments provide specialized services and we remain focused on assuring that we provide our full portfolio of services to our customers. The visions were collaboratively to assure that we present a single quality experience focused on improving outcomes and delivering exceptional value to our customers. These changes are helping us to drive more efficient business processes and to better understand the returns on our capital allocations as we continue to diversify. Overall, it’s been a very busy month for our finance team and they did a great job of executing the year-end closing with the addition of the acquired APC business and segment reporting. So with that let me move on to talk about our results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2016. Total revenues increased 6.4% in the fourth quarter. The revenue increase was the result of volume growth across all of our services as well as the fact that fuel comparisons normalized on a year-over-year basis. Net revenues declined 1.6% in the quarter and this is primarily the result of lower truckload margins when compared to a very strong fourth quarter in 2015. The fourth quarter truckload activity was consistent with what we experienced in Q3 and discussed on our last call, with good volume increases offset by margin compression. Outside of North American truckload, we achieved solid net revenue growth of 14%. APC contributed approximately 2% to the overall net revenues of the company in the fourth quarter. The integration of APC is off to a good start and we’ll talk about this later. Income from operations was 195 million, a decrease of 9% and net income was down 3%. We had diluted earnings per share of $0.86, compared to $0.88 last year for the quarter. We finished the full year with EPS of $3.59, a 2.3% increase over 2015. Our average headcount was up 7% or approximately 4.5% organically. We continue to believe that the strength and experience of our team is a competitive advantage. The additional segment information includes employees by segment that will help you better understand how we’re evolving our teams and where we are investing. We’ve made progress on a number of efficiency metrics across our company and we believe we can continue to leverage technology and process improvements so our employees can continue to focus on creating value for our customers. I would sum up my comments on 2016 by saying that we achieved many of our growth goals and made some good progress on our long-term plans. Truckload margin compression was a challenge to our earnings growth in the second half, but our service metrics remain good and we’ll adjust our pricing to the market going forward as we always have. With that I’ll turn it over to Andy for some more prepared comments.
Andrew Clarke: Thank you, John and good morning as well and thank you all for joining us on this call. As you’ll notice we’ve rearranged the slides in the deck to present a cleaner flow of results from the enterprise level to the reportable segments. For comparison purposes we have a few slides holdover slides to confirm the way we previously discussed results. I’ll briefly cover these to allow ample time for discussion of the segments. And finally before diving into the numbers, I’d like to recognize all of our people for their great efforts in delivering these results; while not perfect they reflect solid performance in a challenging environment. Thank you, all. On to the summarized income statement, for the fourth quarter operating expenses increased 3% to $367 million. For the year, operating expenses were up slightly, up 2%. Personnel expenses decreased 3%, primarily driven by lower variable compensation incentives which were partially offset by average headcount growth of 7%. APC added approximately 2.5% to the headcount growth in the period. For the year, personnel expenses increased just over 1%, highlighting strategic investments we’re making in talent as well as the variable nature of our cost structure. SG&A expenses increased 22% in the fourth quarter, $19.6 million increase over last year. The primary reasons for this increase were higher claims and bad debt reserves. These items accounted for approximately $7.5 million of the increase. In addition, we had higher cost related to the acquisition of APC Logistics and other M&A activities as well as other items including amortization and that totaled about $8 million. Finally, we had increases in warehousing expenses of $2 million. Our operating income as a percent of net revenue was 34.5%, a decrease of 310 basis points from last year. For the year that figure was 36.8%. Interest and other expenses decreased approximately $10 million in the fourth quarter. This was primarily the result of approximately $4 million in currency gains related to the strong US dollar and the fact that we had $7.2 million in indemnification asset write off in the fourth quarter of 2015. Our effective tax rate during the quarter was 35.8% versus 37.1% last year. Moving on to Slide 5 and other financial information, we generated nearly $153 million in cash in the quarter and had just over $20 million in CapEx. Year-to-date cash flow from operations was $529 million and year-to-date capital expenditures were approximately $91 million, reflecting the completion of our second data center and increased technology spending. We finished the quarter with $248 million in cash and our debt balance is $1.24 billion. For 2017, we expect capital expenditure to return to a range of $60 million to $70 million. On to Slide 6 and our capital distribution to shareholders, we returned approximately $455 million to shareholders in 2016, with approximately 245 million in dividends and approximately 210 million in share repurchases. For whole of 2016 we returned 89% of our net income to shareholders, which is in line with our stated objectives. Slides 7, 8 and 9 will serve as transition slides for the call as they reflect the manner in which we traditionally discussed our results. I’ll spend less time on slides 7 and 9 to allow more time for discussion of the segments. Going forward in 2017, some of these perspectives and slides may be removed or in the appendix of the earnings deck. Slide 7 represents our net revenue for the various services from an enterprise perspective. Moving on to Slide 8 and our North American truckload price and cost charge. Slide 8 presents a few key metrics of cost and price for North American truckload. On this graph, the light and dark blue lines represent the present change in North America truckload rate per mile to customers and carriers, net of fuel cost since 2008. The grey line is the net revenue margin for all transportation services. In this year’s fourth quarter, the North America truckload rate per mile fell 3.5% versus last year’s fourth quarter, while the cost per mile was flat. The 3.5% spread between the cost and price was the largest we’ve seen in several years and was primarily the result of the fact that the cost of capacity was moving up, while close to 65% of our customer pricing is committed through our customer contracts. During the fourth quarter the monthly percentage change in cost per mile to carriers trended up sequentially due to the seasonality around peak in year-end. We’ve discussed through the back half of 2016 that our commitments to lower price freight opportunity would likely bring lower margins when compared to last year’s fourth quarter. In that period last year, the cost of capacity was falling at a faster pace than customer pricing. We’re familiar with this type cyclicality and are confident that our network is executing well. We continue to take share and are adjusting transactional pricing as appropriate. As many of you know in the first two quarters of the year, we’re quite busy responding to customer bids. We do expect carrier cost to continue to rise through the year and if this happens, it will likely lead to rising customer prices when compared to commitments we made in 2016. Moving on to Slide 9 and our transportation results, transportation total revenues for all segments were up 8.5% to $3.1 billion in the fourth quarter. As John mentioned, this is a result of strong volume growth of 9.4% across all of our services in the quarter. Transportation net revenue margin decreased approximately 180 basis points from last year’s fourth quarter to 17.2%. We’ve been highlighting fuel prices over the past six or so quarters when discussing net revenue margin as fuel has had a significant cosmetic impact here. Versus last year’s fourth quarter, we estimate that fuel had an approximate 110 basis point impact on net revenue margin. The primary reason for the remaining margin compression was due to the results in our North American truckload business. I’ll provide some details on that in a moment. As we transition to Slide 10 and the start of the discussion of our results by reportable segments, it is important to understand that the overhead cost associated with our technology investments and other shared services teams are allocated into each of the business segments. We refer to our North American transportation division as NAST. The NAST business is comprised of offices in the United States, Mexico and Canada, providing primarily truckload, less than truckload and intermodal services to our customers. NAST total revenues were 2.3 billion in the fourth quarter, an increase of 5% over last year’s period. Net revenues decreased 8.8% to $363 million in the quarter. For the year, NAST revenues decreased slightly at 2.6%. Net revenue margin was 15.9% compared to last year’s fourth quarter of 18.3%. The lower margins were primarily the result of margin compression and the fact that fuel prices normalized on a year-over-year basis in the period. For the year, NAST revenue margins were flat at 17.4%. I’d like to call out again the NAST team for performance in 2016 on delivering these strong results. NAST income from operations was down 14.3% to $158 million. NAST operating margin was 43.4% in the quarter and finished 2016 at just over 44%. Employee count was 6,809, up just under 2%. Now on to Slide 11 and the service line results within NAST, John and I have both highlighted some of the factors impacting our truckload business in the quarter. NAST truckload net revenues were down $39 million or 12.9%. NAST contributes approximately 92% of North American truckload net revenues for the company. Volume was up 10% in the quarter and this was a result of growth in both our contractual and transactional shipments. We believe that taking market share in a challenging part of the cycle is important to our ability to grow our business over the long-term. The NAST team did a great job delivering strong volume growth while adding minimal new headcount to execute this business. We had 3,400 new carriers in the fourth quarter compared to approximately 2,700 in last year’s period. These new carriers moved approximately 15,000 shipments for us in the quarter. The LTL business had another solid quarter growing net revenues over 5% to nearly $91 million. Volumes increased 5% when compared to the fourth quarter last year, pricing was up slightly and net revenue margins were down slightly in the quarter. Volume growth was the driver of the net revenue growth in both the quarter and for the full year of 2016. The combination of our legacy LTL business and the Freightquote ecommerce platform are helping us reach all types of customers. Intermodal net revenues decreased 15.8% in the quarter. However, volumes were up 10%. The margin compression of the quarter is consistent with the trend we have been highlighting throughout 2016 as we've been winning more often with our large customers and the contractual business, which comes of lower margins. Moving on to our Global Forwarding segment results on Slide 12, I'd like to start my comments, as John did, with congratulating the Global Forwarding team for these strong results. Our people have done a tremendous job of integrating the APC acquisition without taking their eye off the organic growth ball. We'd also like to welcome our new colleagues in Australia and New Zealand to the Robinson team. It's great to have you on board and thank you for the contribution to our success. Total revenues for the Global Forwarding segment in the fourth quarter were $476 million, up 26.3% versus last year. Fourth quarter net revenues were $114 million, 27.5% increase from 2015. APC Logistics contributed approximately 14.7% of the total growth. Net revenue margin was 24%, up 20 basis points over last year. Income from operations was just shy of $26 million, up 37% in the fourth quarter. Operating margin was 21.6% in the quarter and 20.4% for the full year of 2016. Headcount increased 14% in the quarter with APC representing just over 300 or approximately 9% of the additional employees in the business. We continue to realize the benefits of the global portfolio of services as our cross-selling activities are yielding positive results to the entire Robinson organization. Next we'll discuss the Global Forwarding service lines on Slide 13. Ocean net revenues were up 23.7% and APC contributed approximately 12% to the growth. Ocean shipments increased approximately 23% in the quarter and pricing continued to be down in the ocean service line. This was a nice bounce back quarter for the ocean business as the team did a great job of managing through the hand gen [ph] disruption. Air net revenues increased 32.3% with APC contributing approximately 10% to that growth figure. Air shipments increased approximately 35% in the quarter and pricing was again down double digits. Growing the air freight business has been a strategic initiative throughout the year and the Global Forwarding team finished the year with over 20% air freight shipment growth. Congratulations. Customs net revenue increased 48.5% with APC contributing approximately 40% of the growth. Customs transactions increased approximately 31% in the fourth quarter. Transitioning to our Robinson Fresh business on Slide 14, the Robinson Fresh segment includes revenues from both the product sourcing sales and services, as well as transportation services provided through Robinson Fresh customers. Robinson Fresh total revenues were $530 million, a decrease of 3.7% in the fourth quarter. Net revenues were $52 million, down 7.9% from last year. For the year, Robinson Fresh net revenues were essentially flat. Robinson Fresh operating expenses decreased 3.3% in the fourth quarter, primarily due to decreases in personnel expenses and partially offset by an increase in warehouse expenses related to expanding facilities. Income from operations was $13 million, a decrease of 19% versus last year. And Robison Fresh headcount increased 4.3% in the quarter. Robinson Fresh sourcing total revenues declined 11.5%. The decline in total revenues was primarily the result of lower market pricing on some key commodities. Net revenues decreased 3.5% in the fourth quarter as a result of the lower net revenue per case and partially offset by a 2% growth in case volume. Slide 16, Robinson Fresh transportation net revenues decreased 11.9% in the fourth quarter, primarily due to decreases in truckload net revenue. These decreases were partially offset by increases and other transportation services net revenues. Robinson Fresh transportation net revenue margin decreased in the fourth quarter of 2016, compared to the fourth quarter of 2015 due primarily to lower customer pricing. And finally I'd like to highlight the information that makes up All Other and Corporate on Slide 17. All Other includes our managed services business, as well as surface transportation outside of North America and other miscellaneous revenues, as well as unallocated corporate expenses. Headcount was up 12.9% primarily the result of increases in our shared services team, including technology, other enterprise resources, and managed services. You will notice an operating loss in both the 2016 and 2015 fourth quarters. This is the result of unallocated corporate expenses of approximately $5 million in this year's fourth quarter. Both the managed services and European service transportation business are performing well and are profitable. Slide 18, net revenues for the other category increased 24.7% in the fourth quarter of 2016, compared to the same period in 2015 led by the continued strong performance in our managed services and other service transportation business in Europe. Managed services net revenue increased 32.7% in the fourth quarter of 2016 to $17.7 million. This was the result of growth for both new and existing customers. The TMC and managed services teams are consistently outperforming the market and delivering strong results for us and great value for our customers. Other surface transportation increased 8.9% in the fourth quarter of 2016 to $14.7 million. Our European service transportation team continues to perform well and has done a great job of growing the business despite a challenging economic backdrop. Thank you all on the Robinson team for another great quarter. We appreciate your hard work and dedication. Thank you all as well for listening in today. With that, I will now turn it back to John to make some closing comments before we answer some of your questions.
John Wiehoff: Thanks, Andy. Before we move to the questions, I'll take just a couple of minutes to wrap things up and address the topics on Slide 19. In January to date, our total company net revenue has decreased approximately 1% per business day. This includes the additional revenue from the APC acquisition. Obviously, it's very early in the year and the quarter, but so far we have seen a continuation of good volume growth offset by truckload margin compression. We know that we will continue to have challenging comparisons on truckload margins for the first half of 2017 and we also expect meaningful bid in pricing activity in the months ahead. We’ve managed through these cycles before and we're confident the network will do a good job adapting to the market conditions. Our North American truckload volumes continue to be strong with about 12% shipment per business day growth thus far in January. In the Global Forwarding segment, we are deep into the APC integration and things are going well. Customer and employee retention has been excellent. Our primary focus for 2017 will be integrating the APC offices into the Navisphere platform. And lastly a few comments on our 2017 investment priorities. Starting with growing market share across all of our services, market share gains were 2016 highlight and we believe we can continue to grow and gain share in all of our services. The foundation of this is a relentless focus on having great people who are dedicated to selling and managing accounts that will always be a primary focus for us. We're going to continue to invest in technology. At the core of that is our Navisphere platform that is a common platform for all of our segments and services. The themes around technology will include enhancements in supply chain visibility, as well as gathering more and more analytical data that we can use for our own benefit, as well as our customers and lastly improving and automating our processes along our digital strategies to make sure that we're transforming our networks and staying current in the marketplace. Lastly with regards to global expansion while we're proud of the coverage that we have, the APC acquisition shows that there are areas of the world where we can continue to expand our network into different geographies, particularly other regions of Asia and Europe where we believe we have ongoing opportunity to enhance our network and continue to expand around the globe. So, that concludes our prepared comments for the quarter and with that I will turn it back to the Q&A session.
Operator: Mr. Gagnon, the floor is yours for the question-and-answer Session.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, Danna and let me take a moment to thank shareholders and analysts to send in their questions last evening, some great questions, and we'll get to as many of those as we can this morning. Just as a reminder, I’ll frame up the questions as they were submitted and turn it over to John and Andy for a response and we'll get right into that now. The first question is for Andy. While bad debt was up in the fourth quarter, bad debt was well below normal in 2016, should we expect to see the bad debt accrual move to a more normal level in 2017?
Andrew Clarke: Yeah, we had really good claims experience as it relates to bad debt in all of 2016, which really reflects two things, one, the quality of our customer base and, two, the timeliness with which they pay. The accrual itself is a formula, which takes into consideration those two factors, one, the quality of the customers and the buckets with which they pay. So, we feel really good about the process. We feel really good about the quality of the customer base and don't expect any material changes to that accrual. Obviously, things change as the market develops. But from where we sit right now, we feel good about our accrual.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John, what are your thoughts on acquisitions, industry, and geography and how much capital do you feel comfortable deploying toward the acquisitions?
John Wiehoff: One of a lot of reasons why we wanted to evolve our financial information into the segment reporting is because it is reflective of how today we're thinking about our capital allocation and that includes M&A exploration. So, all of our operating divisions that Andy went through, North America surface transportation, Global Forwarding, Robinson Fresh, as well as European service transportation and managed services, those are all operating divisions that we have plans to explore M&A opportunities and are open to capital allocation into each of them. These have a little bit different unique theme. We're a market share leader in North America surface transportation. The types of acquisitions that - we look at might be a little bit differently. Freightquote was our most recent acquisition where that went after a segment of or a portion of the customer base that we didn't feel like we were penetrating as aggressively as we wanted to. Global Forwarding we've talked a lot about the Phoenix and APC acquisitions in the last four years and really strengthening the build out of that network and investing in geographies that we weren't previously invested into. So, we're committed to all of those divisions, as well as from an enterprise view thinking about what other services or supply chain activities that we might get involved in that would create yet another division or opportunity to grow. And so we're looking in all those areas and customizing kind of the capital allocation and the thinking to the specific parts of the business. In terms of how much capital would we deploy, Andy has kind of laid this out in the past, but over the last four years through those three larger acquisitions, we've maintained that capital distribution policy of dividends and share repurchases around 90%. Those acquisitions have been funded by moving from around $0.5 billion of cash to somewhere around a billion of debt over the last four years. We've also stated and remain comfortable that we could take on another billion or two of debt depending upon what it is that we're acquiring and where we go. So, we do have some more opportunity to deploy capital there as well.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, John and next questions for Andy really building on that topic. Will anything change concerning CHRW’s preference for capital return in organic growth or debt repayment in the New Year?
Andrew Clarke: Just to follow up on John's comments, clearly if you think about the order of preference, first it's reinvesting in the business. Last year 2016 was one of our bigger years in terms of capital expenditures just over $90 million and a lot of that went towards technology. So, if you think about where we have been and will continue to make investments in the business to benefit the beauty of being non-asset based is you're investing in areas around technology and people in process improvement, which generate pretty significant returns. So, we have been and we’ll continue to invest in those areas. John spent a lot of time and we've spent a lot of time thinking about acquisitions and how do we supplement the growth of our organization, Phoenix, Freightquote, APC have all been very both accretive, as well as high returns on the capital that we've committed and we’ll continue to look at that such another great way for us to enhance the growth of the organization and going to that segment reporting, it certainly delineates where we generate the returns and where we can continue to make investments. We think about our current capital structure and how much we are comfortable with returning to shareholders, we're very comfortable with returning the 90% of the share repurchases, as well as dividends and we don't foresee that changing. And then finally as it relates to our debt structure, we have a very comfortable leverage ratio right now. And with our short term rates just hovering below 2% on the debt, we don't foresee a rush to repay that anytime soon.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, Andy. And the next question for John on net revenue. Can you provide year-over-year net revenue by month in the fourth quarter?
John Wiehoff: Yeah, so we've provided these numbers before. And in the fourth quarter of 2016, month by month, October down 4%. November and December were closer to flat. When we've talked about these before, I want to throw the same caveat out there again to that. We do the best that we can to scrub those numbers per business day and that's what it would yield for the fourth quarter. As anybody in the industry knows, there is quite a bit of variance by day of the week. And when the holidays fall on different days of the week, especially in the end of the year around Thanksgiving and Christmas, you can get some pretty meaningful variations on a per day basis around those. So, even though it was down, flat, flat, to be a little bit careful about the trends within the quarter, I would say that our activity was generally fairly consistent across the fourth quarter with maybe a little bit of improvement as the quarter one.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy, what do you expect the tax rate to be in 2017?
Andrew Clarke: As John did, the biggest caveat that I will put out there is, not knowing what's going to happen to the U.S. corporate tax rate, so my comments will be all else equal. We expect our tax rate to be between 36.5% and low 37%, which reflects the investments, the selection and election of APB 23, as well as the fact that there is a growing percentage of our net income that's generated outside of the United States.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John, how is your European truck brokerage business doing under the leadership of your own icing? It appears that you've been hiring some high-powered talent with a lot of local knowledge and experience. Have those hires changed up your playbook in Europe significantly to drive outsized growth or is it that the market suffering or is the market suffering from the same pricing supply demand dynamics currently creating the challenging environment in North America?
John Wiehoff: Andy talked you through the all other category. While both European brokerage business and managed services didn't rise to the materiality of reportable segment, they're both very important growth areas for us just like I talked about and we're committed to growing them. We have added and made some leadership changes to that European truck brokerage division over the last couple of years and we do feel very good about our leadership team and our prospects for sustained growth. You can see the net revenue that Andy described is growing very nicely. Our truck brokerage business or surface transportation business in Europe is at a much smaller scale and it's far more transactional today than the scale of North America and the committed trade. So, we're not seeing the same degree of margin fluctuation in the European surface transportation business. There was more normalized net revenue growth along with volume growth that was comparable to North America. So, we do feel good about our foundation there and we have pretty aggressive growth goals for organic market penetration, as well as what I mentioned earlier around exploring M&A opportunities.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy, is the 22 million in depreciation and amortization expense in the fourth quarter a good run rate to use going forward?
Andrew Clarke: We had our second datacenter come online in October and as a result - and obviously the increased technology spend that we have, we would expect that number to be between 22 and maybe even just a shade above 23 per quarter for 2017.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, Andy. Next to John, can you give us your thoughts on the outlook for the Forwarding business overall? How are margins trending and which trade lanes provide the most opportunity for Robinson?
John Wiehoff: Giving visibility to the Global Forwarding segment and the investments that we've made there over the last couple of years again was one of the things that we believe segment reporting will give you a little bit better insight into. We've been committed in offering Global Forwarding services for a couple of decades, but in the last several years as we've ramped up our scale and have improved some of our operating processes, you can see that we've not only gotten good returns, but we have some pretty good growth momentum in the Global Forwarding division. I’ll remind you that the core of our Global Forwarding business is centered around Asia to North America activities. That's where we have the highest market share. That's where we are a market leader, particularly China to North America where we rank number one in the NVOCC rankings that we've talked about in the past. A lot of our growth initiatives are building on the investments that we've made to expand and strengthen our network in other regions. So, in terms of the corridors where there are opportunities, we have been for the last several years focusing in on Asia to Europe and really leveraging the platform and the strength that we have in Asia and the carrier relationships to sell more into the Asia to Europe lane. Andy also mentioned the air freight initiative where today we are disproportionate to ocean net revenues. We're building and investing in the competencies around air freight and we're very happy with the market share gains that we had in those corridors this year. Lastly with the APC investment, we've talked that they have been our agent for a couple of decades. And so, North America to Australia has been a focal point for us for a while. But with this acquisition and having a world-class team in Australia now, it also opens up the opportunity to sell more from Asia and Europe to Australia to work on those trade lanes as well. Rounding it out, as we strengthen in Europe we'll also be able to focus more on Europe to North America and kind of building out all of the major trade corridors as we grow. So, our investments are in the Global Forwarding division are businesses that we feel very comfortable with and as we gain strength in each of the regions, we’ll just continue to build that global network by putting the pieces together on the Navisphere platform and adding talent and additional offices to grow.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy, there has been quite a bit of press recently that both Amazon and Uber may be looking to compete in both the truck brokerage and forwarding segments with high automation, digital offerings. Can management provide any high level thought of how Robinson's model might differentiate from the competition? And how should we think about the digitization of the brokerage model on net margins in the future?
John Wiehoff: Great question and a lot of ways that we can take those, but I’ll first start off by saying that both of those companies, I think what they're doing is challenging every organization whether you're in transportation or not to fundamentally look at the way in which you connect your customers with your suppliers and the way in which you interact. The good news is we've been doing this for a long time. And I would tell you the even better news is that and I'll speak specifically around Robinson and how we approach it is that we talk about our people, we talk about our process, and we talk about our technology and they're very key and they're very fundamental to the way in which we interact with both our customers and our carriers. So, for all of 2016 we connected over 110,000 customers with over 71,000 carriers and moving over 18 million shipments across the globe. It’s a very complex network that we've developed and that we perfect and that we go to market with every day and we do that with smart people and we do that with technology and there is a process that you need to go through to make it really effective for everybody involved, because if something goes wrong, which it always does, you have to be smart, you have to be ready to react in that manner. We’ve spent a lot of time. We've talked a lot about on this call and we talked a lot about it in the past around the investments that we're making, particularly on the technology side and the digitalization or digitization, however people want to phrase that, of connecting the supply chain. So, we do it on a full suite of services, so I’ll go across the spectrum, a full suite of services with our TMC division. I mean they're managing global supply chains. It is global. It is across the globe. It's not moving a truckload from one city to another. It's moving millions of shipments for some of our best customers, some of our biggest customers across the globe and, yeah, we're spending a lot of money in technology to provide visibility and enhancements for our customers, but at the end of the day you still need people to make sure that the job gets done. And then all the way on the other side in terms of what people would consider to be more transactional, so that that's committed on the transactional side, it's connecting, it's automating, it's - you go into any of our offices today and you'll see a different type and a higher caliber knowledge worker that is in those offices that are doing more value-added services, even on the transactional business that five years ago quite frankly wasn't happening and I would argue that five years from now you're going to continue to see that on a more refined basis. As it relates to what's going to happen with margins, you can go back and look at our margins over the last 40 quarters, the last 10 years, and you can see a variability within that and throughout we've always had competition. We've had good competition. We've had competition that’s challenged us and - but we've always been able to maintain a certain amount and level of margin in our business. Why? It’s because we had value. We had value to our customers. We had value to their supply chains or helping them be more efficient and more effective and how they serve their customers. And on the other side of that is we had a tremendous amount of value to our carriers. We allow the 70 some odd 1000 carriers to connect directly into our customers that otherwise had they not gone through us they wouldn't be able to effectively serve them. And again at the core of that is our people and at the core of that is our technology and the connect points that we have are quite frankly unparalleled and without going into the specifics of the other companies that were mentioned in the question, yes, they have technology as well. Yes, they have that, but I would say that our people is what really differentiates us in that marketplace and I think our customers respect and understand that and quite frankly I know that our carriers do as well.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John, what level of contract mix do you plan to run in 2017 for the North America truckload business?
John Wiehoff: One of the longer term trends that we've talked often about is that the mix of business in North America truckload has over time been moving more towards committed or awarded trade or sometimes referred to as contract freight. Over a long period of time, if you go back a couple of decades, we were almost entirely transactional in that North American truckload freight. And Andy mentioned earlier that at times now and in 2016, we would estimate somewhere 60%, 65% so more than half of our freight is committed or awarded in some form or fashion. So, that shows the trend of - as we've grown and taken on scale that we're moving more into larger customers who are doing bids and signing contracts and accepting those committed or awarded relationships. While we expect that trend to continue over time and that percentage to likely continue to tick up, we've also talked about the fact that it does ebb and flow a little bit based upon market conditions and the account management decisions with each of our thousands of customers. So, this year we talked about coming into 2016 that we felt the market conditions warranted and our account managers executed on making sure that we stayed near the top of their out guide and staying very high in our committed or awarded freight and you see the results of that in 2016. I don't think that will change significantly for 2017 as the market tightens like we discussed during the second half of 2016. Each of our account managers will be working with their customers to make sure that we're responding to their needs in approaching the market in an appropriate way. Sometimes when prices are rising, if shippers are too aggressive on wanting to try to save money, we do have to back off of some of those awarded commitments if we don't think it appropriately matches the market. So, that's why sometimes the growth of that will fluctuate or move around a little bit. But in general we view that those higher value integrated committed relationships have served us well and that's what a lot of our customers want and need and we would expect that trend to continue over time.
Timothy Gagnon: Thank you, John. Next question for Andy, why is headcount X acquisitions going up at a time when technology allows you to deliver better services with fewer people?
John Wiehoff: I’ll reference to some of my earlier both prepared remarks, as well as - and some of the earlier answers around that. I mean we have a fundamental and for people that - there are others that maybe take a different approach, but fundamentally we believe that you need quality people to service your customers. Yes, technology is absolutely important, but I think the debate remains that you can deliver better service with fewer people and I'll speak specifically around our Nav team and they've done a great job. The volume is 10% in the fourth quarter while only adding 2% of the people. So, I would argue that we are actually doing a great job of being more effective in servicing our customers and the stuff that you can automate. We're absolutely spending money to automate in that area. On the Global Forwarding side, you look at the productivity measure of that came over adding resources and showing up in the growth. So we don’t believe that you can put up an app and you can put up a system and therefore just remove the human and the personal experience and knowledge it comes with that, from the entire transaction as it relates. There is a lot of imagination that go into a global fording move, a simple one even as moving as John mentioned ocean freight from China to U.S. We are investing in data scientists, we are investing in technology people just like by the way ever one of our competitors are to really drive great volume, great revenue and ultimately great earnings growth through the organization, that’s we are making these investments here.
Timothy Gagnon: Thank you, Andy. Next question for John, a very large ecommerce player that has been moving into the transportation space recently opened an office near your headquarters to head their push into the middle-mile truck brokerage market. Have you seen any impact from the recruiting retention perspective?
John Wiehoff: So, for those of you, who may not be aware - the Minneapolis market place is a pretty healthy environment in terms of our concentration of not only large companies with over 20 Fortune 500 companies but in addition there are number of very technology focus companies in town here. So the good news of that is that we have a long track record of working in a very competitive market with a lot of very large and effective IT shops in town that we have to make sure that we source our talent and interact with that market place to every day. So there have been some new entrants but the answer is no, we haven’t really seen any change in the competitive landscape, we have to pay our people competitively and recruit our talent across a number of great organizations and we feel very good about the strength and depth of our team and haven’t seen any movement in terms of changes in retention or recruiting tactics.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, John. To Andy, LTL margins have held up nicely even as many formally truck load only brokers had entered the LTL space. Why do you think that is the case and would you expect the superior and steady margin to persist going forward indefinitely in the LTL space.
Andrew Clarke: I don’t mean to sound like a bit of a broken record but I am going to go back and reemphasize, we got a great LTL service teams, we got great people and we got great carriers. So when you combine and some really good technology that allows us to be with a largest LTL broker by wide margin. A multiple of our competitors and the reason that is, we got a great service to sell our customers we have a great value proposition that our people are out there and the mass network selling every day. And we got a great LTL service team that backs them up because they got great relationships with the LTL cares and those LTL cares have been able to provide a great service we go and we are able to effectively sell a solution to customers and we partner with those carriers and I think it matters to them that we are a partner for them in providing a valuable services to our customer. So other people are going to continue to enter the space they have been. There are truck owners [ph] there some smaller competitors that are in the marketplace, we respect them but our team has been and always be on our toes and continue to drive to the best in class results what they have.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, Andy. To John, with truck load volume up 10% year-over-year in an otherwise uninspiring freight market, what were the primary drivers of volume growth? Was there an attempt to buy market share in a difficult environment. Did you add newer account as a result of some of the new sales into our marketing activities, pretty much of the growth come from penetrating existing customers more deeply?
John Wiehoff: We are several years into some enhanced go to market strategies that our leadership teams have implemented where we are segmenting customer opportunities and adding sales people to go after more aggressively in the market place. In 2016, we did have in the North America segment and really for the company as a whole to we had a record number of, what we would call new customers, so new opportunities where we previously didn’t have a relationship and its new freight to the network. We also have a lot of account management practices where we are trying to get incremental freight and opportunities from current customers and did grow our business in that way as well to. So we are very proud of our go to market tactics. As Andy laid out in the freight world, each relationship especially in the committed or awarded world has some unique connectivity around EDI mapping and service expectations, so lot of the process EDI mapping and service expectation. So lots of the process is digitized but each relationship is unique in terms of understanding the service relationships and the types of data that you may want to exchange. So lot of effort was put into, both identifying the opportunities and selling our value proposition and then getting those new customers integrated in ways that are customized to each opportunity. We don’t ever use the term kind of buying market share, that’s not the way we would think or kind of go to market but I think where that part of the question is headed, does relate to what I mentioned earlier that in a very competitive bid environment which there was a year ago with general market expectations of declining prices. There are account management relationships where we will make the decision to accept lower prices based upon market conditions warranting that and the bid results requiring that. So there are times when we are making decisions to stay at the top of the road guide and taking some margin risk on what the actual cost of hire maybe coming in those future years. So we talked about the fact that in our good customer relationships where we are making those commitments and honoring committed or awarded freights it does give us some margin exposure which we have experienced in 2016, even in those relationships though we are constantly working towards profitability and long term profitability relationships with those customers. So we did feel very good about our volume growth and success during the current year and it is much more than just sort of lowering prices or buying share if you will. But it is a lot more involved process like I just described.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, John. To Andy, is the company seeing any actual pickup in demand or sell rate pricing following the election or is it more about expectation that this stage. How has the election impacted your branch managers’ outlook for headcount in 2017?
Andrew Clarke: To the forward question in terms of what we have seen as John mentioned in his remarks, the rate of growth particularly in volumes during the quarter were essentially flat. We did not see any material pick up post-election in that as it relates to our outlook for adding headcount 2017 again. I think it is too early to make a long term determination as to what is going to unfold in 2017 and as a result we think about headcount as we have been talking about for quite some time now. We are going to add where we need to reflect volumes that we have both in the Global Forwarding business as well as make surface transportation business, technology, data scientist; we are going to continue to invest in those areas.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John, have you been able to buy truck load transportation less expensively so far in the first quarter of 2017, where customers of Robinson willing to observe price increases here in early 2017. Or can we expect the same margin dynamic we witnessed in the fourth quarter to repeat in the first quarter of 17?
John Wiehoff: We shared in the prepared comments that January to date what we saw was very similar to the fourth quarter. I think the important thing there is that a lot of the pricing bid activity and committed or awarded freight opportunities are happening and will happen over the next few months. I would share that when our teams are reporting back is that a year ago while there were expectations of meaningful price reduction in most of the lanes that is not the case now. The environment is more flat to modest increases depending upon again there are often times thousands of lanes involved and there is a lot of granularity and the re-pricing that gets aggregated into these overall trends. So it is the different environment versus a year ago but not where their general acceptance of meaningful price increases crossed high volumes of businesses. The interesting part about that though is you know we have talked often in the past about how difficult it is to forecast the cost of higher and the changing market conditions, truly as the foundation of why we don’t feel comfortable giving guidance and trying to firmly predict what these markets are going to be. January as always seasonally a little bit slower than the remainder of the year and it grows towards the spring time and big changes in the supply and demand environment, typically happen either on the demand side with freight or weather related compounding when we were getting more of a higher peak season out in the spring. So just like always a lot will be remained to be seen over the next couple of months around how bids continue evolved and how the markets supply and demand dynamics workout over the next couple of months.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, John. To Andy, broadly speaking industry expectations are for ELDs to reduce into three [ph] capacity by 5% to 7%. Can you talk through your expectations for industry capacity especially in the second half of 17 and how you view the potential impact from ELDs on your business?
Andrew Clarke: Yeah, we have been getting this question pretty consistently since the regulation came out and as far as what we have seen it and we have talked about in my prepared remarks how many carriers we signed up during the quarter which is pretty consistent. We have been signing up new carriers, a lot of new carriers and those carriers are running a lot of loads for us throughout all the second half of 15 into 16 and we expect that to continue quite frankly through 2017. I let the experts speak about what's going to happen through industry capacity, we do know that there will be some productivity issues that will come up and going back to all of my statements around the value that we bring. We allow our customers to access capacity in the marketplace and we are going to continue to do that. We don’t expect anything to happen materially either in first half or even in the second half of 2017 because the rule regulation does not take effect until the end of middle of December, the end of all way 2017. So it is probably more of a 2018 issue but we are going to continue to talk to our carriers, we are going to continue to inform our customers of the potential impacts that may or may not take place and have discussions around how we are going to help them, keep their supply chains up and running effective and efficient. 
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, Andy. Next question is for John and just based on time, this will be last question of the morning. Is it possible to grow organically in your intermodal operation to a scale where can compete head to head with JB Hunt or Hub Group or with that have to be accomplished via an acquisition or a more sizeable operator already possessing intermodal mass.
John Wiehoff: Yeah, we do think that we have a competitive intermodal offering and that we are going to be able to grow it organically. Scale is an advantage particularly around the size and scale of your network and I think for somebody like us we just have to be more tactical around the lanes and types of freights that we can compete in and continue to look for opportunities to grow that organically. We shared in the past and say that from a capital allocations stand point intermodal is certainly one of the areas within our North America surface transportation that we would be willing to commit capital and gain scale if we can find the right opportunities within there. But in the mean time we can grow it organically and we can be competitive, we just have to be smart about the types of opportunities and the right types of customers that we can find to work with to gain share.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks John. Unfortunately, we're out of time, again we appreciate all the great questions and know we weren’t able to get to all of your the questions. Thank you for participating in our fourth quarter 2016 call. This call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the C.H. Robinson website at chrobinson.com. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-877-660-6853 and entering the pass code 13652500#. And the call be available approximately 11:30 eastern time today. If you have any questions, please give me, Tim Gagnon, a call at 952-683-5007 or by email. Thank you everybody for participating. Have a good day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Third Quarter 2016 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today's presentation, Tim Gagnon will facilitate a review of previously-submitted questions. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, October 26, 2016. I will now turn the conference over to Tim Gagnon, the Director of Investor Relations.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thank you, Donna, and good morning, everybody. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Clarke, our Chief Financial Officer. John and Andy will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our third quarter and we will follow that with a response to the pre-submitted questions we received after our earnings release yesterday. Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate the discussion. The slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website which is located at chrobinson.com. John and Andy will be referring to these slides in their prepared comments. I'd like to remind you that comments made by John, Andy or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. With that, I'll turn it over to John to begin his prepared comments on slide 3 with a review of our third quarter results.
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thank you, Tim. I'm going to start by referencing a few of our key financial metrics on that slide 3. Total revenues of $3.3 billion for the quarter were down 1.9% compared to last year. Total net revenues of $558 million were down 5% from a year ago. Income from operations of $211 million was down 9% from a year ago and our earnings per share of $0.90 compares to $0.96 a year ago or a 6% decline. Year-to-date earnings per share of $2.73 is up 4% from $2.63 a year ago. Despite some quarterly decreases in some of our key financial metrics, we do believe that we're making good progress towards achieving our long-term goals. I want to start my prepared comments by discussing a few of the themes that impacted both our third quarter results, but also reflect the progress that we're making on those long-term goals. First topic I want to start with is margin compression. On our second quarter call we discussed the fact that in the months of June and July our net revenue had begun to decline due to margin compression. Unfortunately, that margin compression carried on through the third quarter and impacted our results for the third quarter of 2016. Most all of our services had margin decreases versus a year ago during the third quarter, but the point that we want to emphasize is that our margins are within the ranges of what we expect in our long-term planning and we do accept the cyclicality of our markets as one of the things that we have to manage. A big part of the 3PL value, particularly with our committed relationships, is managing the cycles and managing the price variations and margin compression that can occur in the marketplace, and we do feel that we did a good job this quarter of honoring our committed relationships and servicing our customers in a way that was very valuable to the market. So we talk a lot about margin compression internally and you'll hear a lot about margin compression on the call today impacting our results. The next topics regard to market share gains and volumetrics. Andy will cover and you will see a lot of metrics throughout our presentation about shipper growth and volume growth in our freight activity as well as share gains in most of our services. We've talked in the past that in a lot of ways this is one of the most important metrics in our business as we have to make sure that we remain relevant in providing increased service levels to our customers and our carrier providers. We'll share the metrics around our shipment activity as well as our capacity sign-up. We feel pretty good about the relevancy of our network in the marketplace and the fact that carrier sign-ups are at very high levels, and the services that we're offering around all the choices that those carriers have to interact with our network via mobile application or the Internet or telephone calls or any way that that capacity deems the right way to interact with our network. So we did have market share gains and volume growth in a lot of our metrics that we'll share today, and that's something that we continue to feel very good about as a foundation for continuing to add value. When we think about the margin compression and the relationship to the volume gains and the market share achievements that we've had, we also talked about the fact that we knew we were coming into this year with some challenging comparisons. There is a relationship between volume and margin in the second half of 2014 and 2015. We did have some very good results with double-digit net revenue and earnings per share growths in both of those periods of time. And we've talked in the past that our portfolio of business, the vast majority of it, does reprice on an annual basis and when we think about going after those market share gains and that volume activity, it's important that we're successful doing that during the periods of margin compression and when prices are cycling down, because the market is very fluid, and as I said earlier a lot of our business reprices on an annual basis. So overall, when you put those three things together, we had challenging comparisons coming into the year, the market cycled down, creating some margin compression, but we feel very good about our network, our relevancy to our shippers and our capacity providers and the fact that we were able to achieve some good volume growth and market share gains. Just a couple of other topics that I want to highlight before I turn it over to Andy, again things that both impacted the third quarter as well as topics that are important to our long-term success. We do continue to invest in the most important part of our network which is our people. We had around a 5% increase in our head count from the third quarter versus a year ago, and as we invest in those people, we continue to feel very confident about the job families that we have and our approach of how we go to market to make those people successful. You'll see that we did have a decrease in personnel costs due to the variable nature of our business model, so that despite the fact that we're continuing to invest in the people that we need to execute our services, we also feel our model is working with regards to how it reacts during different environments. The caliber of our people are extremely important, and we've talked in the past that the additions of head count do tend to correlate more with volume and shipment activities than our net revenue growth. So this again in the third quarter reflects our ongoing investment in our network by hiring people and investing in the future capabilities of that network. The last topic I would touch on is the acquisition of APC that closed on September 30. In terms of the third quarter impact it's really mostly the balance sheet numbers that you'll see because of closing on the last day of the quarter. However, it's an important part of our long-term plan that we continue to look at our capital strategies and invest in our network through the right types of M&A activity that we feel can enhance our network. We feel really good about this acquisition from a variety of perspectives. We had a long operating history with APC through the Phoenix relationship and working as an agent. We feel very good about the cultural compatibility and the capability of the company. There were some very positive things that Andy and his team did around the structure and the capital deployment to make sure that we're reinvesting our capital outside of the United States just like we had represented that we intended to do. So that also is another important element of how we invested in our network during the quarter and believe that we're positioning ourselves for good success in terms of achieving those long-term goals. Those are some of the overall highlights of impact on the quarter that I wanted to share with you, and with that, I will turn it over to Andy to walk through the results by service area.
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thank you, John, and now on to slide four and our Transportation results. As John mentioned, we anticipated a challenging pricing and execution environment coming into the second half of this year, and knew last year's comparables would be difficult. Our people and our network did a great job managing through the environment by being proactive and serving customers in order to be the provider of choice at a time when routing guides are performing largely as planned. Total Transportation revenues were down slightly in the quarter to just under $3 billion. However, total revenues were up on a year-over-year basis in both August and September and that positive trend has continued into October. The growth month-to-date in October is a result of our significant volume improvements as well as the fact that fuel is normalizing on a year-over-year basis. In October our truckload volumes are up over 12%, clearly outperforming the market. Transportation net revenue margin decreased approximately 80 basis points from last year's third quarter. Though below last year, this margin is on the upper end of our historical third quarter margins over the last five years to six years. The decreased net revenue margin was primarily the result of truckload pricing falling more than purchased transportation costs, impacting margins by approximately 140 basis points. That decrease was partially offset by the positive impact of fuel of approximately 20 basis points and in a change of our mix of services of approximately 40 basis points. As we did in last quarter's presentation, we have included slide five which provides a longer historical perspective of pricing and cost, and the respective impact on our margins and results. On this graph, the light and dark blue lines represent the percent change in North America truckload rate per mile to customers and carriers, net of fuel costs over time. The orange line is the net revenue margin for all transportation services. You can see by looking at the light and dark blue lines that in this year's third quarter there is a separation where the rate of change in our price to customers fell faster than the rate paid to carriers. In last year's third quarter in comparison, the opposite was true, where our costs were falling at a faster rate than price. This chart also highlights the volatility of our business. This year's third quarter also represents the first time in nine quarters where the cost line was above the price line, which has impacted business results over the past couple of years. One of the many things our customers ask us to do is provide contractual rates and access to capacity to avoid some of the highs and lows of the markets, so that they're better able to plan their transportation spend. There are times when this contractual commitment will benefit our results and other times when they will not. Our ability to provide this type of service is one of the reasons shippers choose Robinson as a core provider in their businesses. During the quarter our committed or contractual business represented approximately 62% of our truckload volume which is in line with the past several quarters. We often speak about the uncertainty of how the market will perform looking ahead. We're not sure if we have reached the bottom of the decreased pricing environment that we have seen this year, but the third quarter did see some improvement in pricing. We don't feel like there's been a big change in the market as demand continues to be tepid, but things do seem a little bit better sequentially from the third quarter to the fourth quarter today. Moving on to slide six and our truckload results, truckload net revenues were $309 million, a decrease of 10.4% in the third quarter. Truckload volumes, however, increased 7.5% and this growth was the result of an increase in shipments across all of our services from dry van, flatbed to temperature-controlled. We also saw our volume increase – growth across all of our mileage vans from short to long-haul segments. As mentioned earlier, for the first time in nine quarters customer pricing was down more than carrier costs. Customer pricing net of fuel was down 5.5% versus last year's third quarter, and purchased transportation costs net of fuel was down 3.5%. We again added 4,200 new carriers in the third quarter. These new carriers moved nearly 18,000 shipments for us in the quarter. As we look ahead to the remainder of the fourth quarter and into 2017, we don't expect a significant change in the North American market and we will remain focused on growing our volumes and executing a balanced approach to taking profitable market share. Moving to slide seven and the less-than-truckload results. Net revenues in our LTL business grew 2.4% to $96.4 million. Volumes increased 5% when compared to the third quarter of last year. Pricing however was down slightly and net revenue margins held flat during the quarter. This quarter's growth slowed a bit when compared to the first two quarters of the year as the size of our shipments were down on a year-over-year basis and the lower-priced truckload market is having an impact on LTL demand. We continue to be confident in our leading position in LTL and our ability to offer a compelling solution for our customers. Transitioning to our intermodal results on slide eight, intermodal net revenues decreased 24.5% in the quarter while volumes were approximately flat. As has been the case for four quarters, the overall intermodal market has been challenged by the loose truck market and volumes have suffered. We did achieve approximately 15% volume growth in the quarter with our large strategic customers. The trend has been positive for the past few quarters with these larger, more committed customers. The transactional opportunities, however, continue to be scarce, which is the primary reason for our net revenue decrease in the quarter. As we have mentioned in previous quarters, the lower truckload pricing is limiting the long-haul intermodal opportunities. Moving on to the Global Forwarding business on slide nine, third quarter net revenues in our Global Forwarding services were $88.7 million, a 2.1% decrease from 2015's third quarter. Ocean net revenues were down 3.1%, air net revenues decreased 1.7%, while customs grew 2.6%. Ocean shipments increased approximately 5% in the quarter and pricing continue to be down with total revenue per shipment off double digits in the ocean service line. The pricing environment, especially in the Trans-Pacific lane did change in September as the result of the Hanjin bankruptcy filing. Hanjin is not a core carrier for Robinson so we were able to provide great service to our customers. I think what surprised us and the rest of the industry was the degree to which the remaining carriers raised their rates over the short term, sometimes as much as $750 to $900 per container. This situation did pressure our ocean margins in September and it took a few weeks for our account managers to revise pricing with customers. As John mentioned earlier, we made an investment in the Global Forwarding business at the end of the quarter with the acquisition of APC Logistics. We are very excited to have APC as part of the Robinson Global Forwarding team. The addition of nine offices and 313 employees in Australia and New Zealand strengthens our global value proposition. The integration is proceeding quickly and smoothly and we are excited about our combined ability to grow with their customers in Asia and Europe. We had a strong quarter growing air shipment volume approximately 18%. This has been a strategic focus for us and the double-digit volume increase is a result of an environment where demand is generally soft. Despite the strong volume growth, we continue to see weak pricing down double digits that led to a decrease in net revenue. Moving to other logistic services on slide 10, net revenues increased 31% in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same period last year, led by the continued strong performance at TMC. The managed services business represents approximately 65% of the net revenue in this category. Managed services net revenue increased 29% in the third quarter and is currently on pace to service over $4 billion in freight under management in 2016. The growth we are seeing in the managed services as a result of our global investments over the past decade. We are seeing double-digit growth in Europe, Asia, and South America, in addition to the 24% growth in North America. The managed services business leverages our Navisphere technology platform, providing visibility, control, and deep integration across supply chain partners while providing process management and consulting services to drive continuous improvement in our customer supply chains. Congratulations to the TMC and IT teams involved in onboarding Microsoft. Transitioning to our sourcing business on slide 11, congratulations to the Robinson team for growing sourcing net revenues 4.7% in the third quarter. The net revenue growth was primarily the result of a 6.4% case volume growth offset by a decrease in net revenue per case. The 6.4% case growth was driven by strong performance in the foodservice segment and our strategic and key commodities. I will now transition to slide 12 and a review of our summarized income statement. For the third quarter, operating expenses decreased 2.4% to $347 million. Personnel expenses decreased 2.7%, primarily driven by lower variable compensation incentives and partially offset by an average head count growth of 4.5% in the quarter. As John mentioned, we've been making strategic investments in head count throughout the year to grow volumes. SG&A expenses decreased 1.6% in the third quarter primarily due to a lower provision for bad debt and lower claims in this year's third quarter when compared to the same period in 2015. The combined impact of these two expense items were approximately $6 million in the quarter. We are pleased with our credit and finance results as they reflect the quality of our customers and receivable balance. Our operating income as a percent of net revenue was 37.8%, a decrease of 170 basis points from last year. Our effective tax rate during the quarter was 36.7% versus 38.5% last year. We did have a one-time tax benefit from an item related to the Freightquote acquisition that increased the earnings per share by approximately $0.01. The remainder of the improvement versus last year was the election of APB 23 in the first quarter of this year. On to slide 13 and other financial information, we generated nearly $130 million in cash in the quarter and had just over $27 million in capital expenditures. Year-to-date cash flow from operations was $377 million, and year-to-date capital expenditures were approximately $71 million reflecting the build-out of our second data center. We finished the quarter with $224 million in cash, and our debt balance is $1.225 billion with $500 million at 4.28% and $725 million on the revolver with a current rate of 1.52%. The debt balance increased at the end of the quarter as we utilized the revolver for a portion of the purchase price of APC which closed on September 30. And finally before turning it back to John, slide 14 and our capital distribution to shareholders. We returned approximately $130 million to shareholders in the quarter with $63 million in dividends and approximately $67 million in share repurchases. In the third quarter we returned 101% of our net income to shareholders, and year-to-date we have returned 86%. Again, our thanks to everyone at Robinson for a solid third quarter in a challenging environment. Thank you all as well for listening in. With that, I will turn it back to John to make some closing comments before we answer some of your questions.
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. In terms of wrapping up our prepared remarks on slide 15 with regards to our final comments, really the first two bullet points tie into the opening messages around margin compression and volume growth. As you see there, we continue to have strong North America truckload volume growth at 12% that Andy mentioned as well as some ongoing margin compression resulting in a net revenue decrease of approximately 4% per business day so far in October. Once again, we do have some strong comparisons from the fourth quarter of a year ago that we'll be dealing with that are helping make that net revenue growth a little bit more challenging. But overall the major themes carry forward in that we continue to feel very good about our service levels, the relevance our offering in the marketplace and the mixture of volume and margin compression that we're dealing with in the marketplace. On the bottom of slide 15, just a couple of other topics to share a few thoughts with before we get into the Q&A. We've hit on this theme a couple of times but just wanted to share that we are very excited and feel really good about the initial interactions on APC integration. I mentioned earlier that we do have a long-standing relationship with them through our agency agreement. The companies of APC and Robinson have worked together successfully for a long time but integrating our businesses is going to provide yet another opportunity to share information and to kind of jointly market what we think is a more effective way. There are some agent relationships both within C.H. Robinson and APC that are transitioning during the fourth quarter of 2016, so there is a lot of activity associated with that, but we feel very good about our approach to the market and the progress that we're making on that thus far. There will also be some additional IT integration that we'll be accomplishing in the next few quarters to come, but overall again just something that we feel very good: as the perfect type of network investment and capital allocation that we want to do to continue to strengthen our network, and wanted to share with you that we're off to a great start with some early customer wins and feeling about how we're progressing with that. In addition, the results of APC are not included in the comments above with regards to the net revenue to date. So the results of APC when included in the fourth quarter hopefully will improve our net revenue by a couple of percent. We do believe the acquisition will be modestly accretive going forward in each of the periods. The last bullet point on here about confidence in our network is something that we talk about frequently, but I think it's worth mentioning to just call out again both the confidence that we do have in our team and the relevance of the 3PL model. When you think about the changes in the marketplace and the lack of predictability that happens within the transportation marketplace, some of the things that just sort of go unnoticed at times are things like a significant hurricane in the southeast this quarter, the large ocean carrier bankruptcy that was mentioned and all of the rerouting and service opportunities that had to come from that. There's every quarter some good examples of how the 3PL model and how the Robinson network really plays an important role in the marketplace to absorb some of that volatility and improve services and react to a lot of the things that happen in the marketplace that are important to the shippers and the providers out there that we do that. So just wanted to close again by saying that there's a lot of change going on, there's going to be a lot of pricing activity, there's a lot of volume happening in the network, a lot of changes, and we just feel really good about our network and our ability to react and succeed in any of those environments and re-establishing the value and relevance of our network to the marketplace. So with that, that concludes our prepared comments, and I would like to turn it back to Tim to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Mr. Gagnon, the floor is yours for the question-and-answer session.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thank you, Donna, and thanks to the many analysts and investors for taking the time to submit questions. I'll frame up the questions as they were submitted and turn it over to John and Andy for a response. And with that, let's get right into it. The first question is for John. The number one concern I continue to hear from investors or potential investors is margins are high. Why shouldn't I be more concerned about margins going down in the coming quarters?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: So hopefully our prepared comments gave some light to addressing this issue, but I want to repeat some of it because it is very important and foundational to how we approach things. If you start with the long-term perspective, part of what we have said is that we accept the cyclicality and the margin expansion and compression that happens in our model, particularly as we move into more committed relationships where we have fixed pricing on the shipper side for a period of time and often more transactional or fluid procurement costs. So it's very fundamental as we said in the prepared comments to how we approach the market and how we try to add value. And the way we think about margin expansion and compression is kind of monitoring it over the long term to make sure that we're within the parameters and boundaries of what we've set as expectations around how things are going to cycle. So from a long-term perspective we don't get concerned when we see margin expansion and compression, we just focus on our business processes and making sure that we're reacting, and what we think is the proper way to make sure that we're adjusting much along the chart that Andy talked us through around how customer pricing and carrier pricing are changing and making sure that those blue lines stay close together over time to manage that. So from a long-term perspective, we're not concerned about it in terms of it happening because we do plan for it and it's part of our business model. From a short-term perspective we are concerned about it. We have a lot of things that we do to adjust pricing and a lot of management processes that are very focused on making sure that we are adapting and managing prices and we talk about comparisons and we try to share as much as we can about what is happening with margin compression or margin expansion. So hopefully we shared what we know about that and whether or not somebody should be more or less concerned about it, in the short-term, I think we're doing all that we can to manage through it and the long-term we feel like it's part of our business model that we've dealt with for decades.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. The next question for Andy. Any chance you have net revenue by month for the third quarter?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Yes. Thank you. And these are on a per business day basis; July ended down 3%, August was softer, declining 7% for the month on a per day basis and September recovered a bit but was still down 5%. What's interesting about September was, and as we mentioned this, the growth of our Global Forwarding business was challenged in the month particularly September by the Hanjin bankruptcy and the subsequent carrier rate increases that negatively impacted our net revenue for that service line.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. The next question for John, a two-part question. First part, how did total company net revenue trend year over year by month in the fourth quarter of 2015? And then the second part, when are your contractual agreements typically renegotiated?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: So starting with the numbers last year in the fourth quarter of 2015, our net revenues grew 14% in October, 15% in November, and 12% in December. So that's the month by month of the double-digit net revenue growth that I mentioned from a year ago that we're comparing to. You may also remember that those 2015 numbers did have some Freightquote growth in there that I think we quantified at about 3% contribution to the growth but still double digit without the acquisition of Freightquote from a year ago. So that's month by month and the growth that we referenced with regards to the comparisons coming into this quarter in 2016. When are the contractual agreements typically renegotiated? We've talked about this quite a bit. So, most of the contracts will have 30 day outs for either side so that there's an expectation of an annual commitment from a pricing standpoint and typically with 30-day notice from either party in terms of if you want to terminate the arrangement. The vast majority of the business gets repriced when a shipper originates a new bid process to take a look at that price or when the providers come up and say that they can no longer service the business under those price arrangements. We do have a disproportionate amount of bid activity typically in the springtime, so there's more of an annual cycle to that. So as we said in our prepared comments, we are constantly looking at pricing, looking at committed arrangements versus transactional arrangements. There's always bid activity happening in the marketplace and we'll see more of it around year end and in the springtime as everybody looks at their pricing arrangements and thinks about what's appropriate going forward.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. Can you quantify the impact the Hanjin bankruptcy had on your ocean forwarding business in the quarter? Do you anticipate this margin squeeze will be short-lived? Or is this something that could linger for couple of quarters until capacity re-enters the market?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Yes. Hanjin filed on August 31 and what happened shortly thereafter is the other carriers that remained in the Trans-Pacific eastbound lane began to raise rates. I think what happened then shortly thereafter was that they doubled them. They were up as high as $750 as I mentioned earlier, $750 to $900 a box. Now, we weren't able to immediately pass those rate increases along to our customers. As I mentioned, our account managers are out there right now having those discussions with our customers to reflect the rates that are now in place in that trade lane. We would expect the impact to trickle into the fourth quarter, but not much beyond that. As far as the quantification, to give you an idea, we were growing volumes, and net revenue was fine in our ocean trade lane in July and August. However, September on a net revenue basis was down 15% overall in our ocean business, to give you an idea of how much those rate increases impacted the ocean trade lane.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. What was the driver of the need to drop prices to customers so rapidly in the third quarter of 2016? Why weren't truckload carriers willing to absorb price reductions? And was it the shippers' desire to share more of the cost reductions that had been accruing to C.H. Robinson over the past year to year and a half? And was pushback from carriers suggesting that they had an alternative source of freight?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: So, there's a lot of good questions in there, really all sort of centering around the bid process and the pricing expectations. And I guess one of the things to reiterate is that very much like earnings season, part of the challenge in this is that there's an element of what's expected versus what's actually occurring. When you come into a year like 2016 we've mentioned a couple of times that shipper expectations were generally for fairly meaningful price reductions. So if you look at bid activity a year ago, these bids typically have lots of parties, they're very efficient, there might be multiple rounds of electronic bidding and it's not any one person or any one expectation, but there's a consensus that comes out of those bid processes around what a shipper is expecting and how the market responds to it. A year ago there were many bid activities that achieved mid single or high single-digit rate decreases as a result of those bid processes. You can see during our third quarter here we had a 5.5% decrease in terms of the pricing that we charge to shippers. As the year goes on then, what we're experiencing is a more fluid or transactional procurement of a lot of those truckload costs. So while during the quarter they were down 3.5%, they were not down the 5.5% that was achieved in a lot of the committed bid relationships that we worked with on the shipper side. So, when we get into the third quarter and we have committed pricing from bids and you mix that in with a current transactional market that again is softer than a year ago, but maybe not quite as soft as people expected, that's when those blue lines on our margin graph get some separation and we see the margin compression. So, really the bottom if you will or the tipping point that may have occurred during the second and third quarter of this year is really a function not so much of prices starting to go up versus a year ago, but cost increases being more than were expected when a lot of those committed relationships were entered into. So, it's challenging, it's part of the reason why it's difficult to predict because you're dealing with a lot of changes in the marketplace and the management of expectations and bid processes versus what then ultimately occurs. But as I said in the previous question, we view it as one of our strengths that we have the types of account management processes and relationships to adjust to how the market does actually change, and we focus on that 10-year graph of showing that over time we've been very successful by making sure that our pricing relationships and our cost relationships do adjust together.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. To Andy with the next question, would you anticipate the tax rate remaining in the 37% range or returning closer to the historical level of 38%?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Our tax rate will remain below the historical tax rate of 38.5%. And the primary reason for that is at the beginning of this year we elected APB 23 which means that we will permanently leave non-U.S. earnings outside of the United States. We will also then redeploy those earnings in areas outside of the United States. The APC deal is a great example of this relocation of capital because Australia's corporate tax rate is 30% which is lower than U.S. tax rate. So, as more of our earnings are generated outside of the United States, the effective tax rate will go down. Mind you, we still generate a significant amount of our earnings and net income inside the United States, but as more capital is deployed outside of the United States where the tax rates are lower, the effective tax rate of our organization will continue to go down. So we do expect it to be below the 38.5% into the range of 37%.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. What are your plans for head count for the rest of 2016? Should we expect head count to grow in 2017?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: A couple of things to remember there, I think it was mentioned already but with the closing on September 30, we will have the 300-some APC employees that will come in or are in the numbers I guess but will be factored into kind of our productivity metrics and average head count for the fourth quarter of 2016. As I mentioned in the prepared comments, because we do look at our hiring practice as very much correlated around volume and growth of shipment metrics, we do expect to continue to add to our team in the remainder of 2016 and likely going into 2017 as well. When we have periods of margin compression we do get a little bit more conservative in terms of thinking about our headcounts, and just like so far this year where we've had head count growth less than our volume growth, I would expect that in Q4 in 2017 as well too. The combination of productivity initiatives, using technology to automate and just managing our expectations more aggressively when we're in a period of margin compression, all of those lead to probably slightly more conservative hiring practices. However, as I mentioned in the prepared comments, when we feel good about the market share gains that we're having and investing in the network, we will continue to look at how we build out our team and add to it.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy, what is the catalyst for the acceleration in the North America truckload volume growth in October? How sustainable do you view double-digit truckload volume growth to be?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: The short answer is we have a highly motivated, talented and aggressive North American surface transportation team and we happen to think they're the best in the business. They know what they need to do in markets like these because they've been through it before. The longer answer I think reflects and relates to what John and I both mentioned earlier, which is what we viewed as shippers' expectations going into this year as demand slackened and capacity loosened. Our people are in front of our customers every day and staying relevant to them. Now, are we making as much as we did last year? No, but that's part of our business model and part of the cycle. As to the sustainability, well that depends. We'll emphasize as we always have balance and profitable growth. I just want to like take a step back for moment and reflect on some of our key year-to-date performances. Truckload volumes up 5% and that's off of a very large base, LTL volume is up 7% again off a very large base, ocean volumes up 6%; we're still the number one NVOCC from China to the U.S. Our air volume is up 18%, managed services revenues up 29% and sourcing volumes up 6% – pardon me; 7%. The point is that while this quarter is not stellar, I think it's helpful to take a slightly longer-term view and look at the trends as well.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. To John with the next question. Can you please give us your thoughts on the outlook for the forwarding business overall? How are margins trending? And which trade lanes provide the most opportunity for CHRW?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: We've not wavered at all on our overall view that our forwarding business is in a great spot right now and we continue to have a very positive longer-term outlook. And we've all discussed the fact that ocean pricing in many of the lanes had dropped down to levels that clearly were not sustainable for the steam ship lines. The fact that a bankruptcy occurred fairly abruptly and prices moved somewhat abruptly, similar to comments in truckload, we are seeing some examples like that of volatility and aggressive movement of margin that maybe didn't occur quite the same 10 years or 20 years ago. But all of that activity is typical in terms of the reduction or addition of supply as the marketplace wavers. So, similar to the broad comments I made about the enterprise, the fact that there's volatility and margins are moving around is well within the boundaries of what we think we're going to need to do in our long-term plans. Since the additional investment in Phoenix four years ago and now followed on with APC, our team has had great momentum in terms of leveraging the increased scale that we've had to become that number one NVO from China to North America, and really looking at how you leverage scale in the Global Forwarding business to be more competitive and to provide better service. We've mentioned several times over the last year our additional initiatives in the airfreight world where, again, the margins are heavily driven by scale and density where you have to build up your volume and build full pallets in order to get to kind of industry norms around profitability. So our long-term outlook is that we hope to be able to continue to gain scale and improve our margins on airfreight by building that density. On the ocean freight standpoint, we do feel like we've reached a level of competitiveness and scale where our margins are very good. But there are a lot of opportunities to expand corridors like Asia to Europe and North America to Europe where we don't have that same level of volume and activity today. So overall the team is in a good spot, we like our network, we like the scale and competitiveness that we've reached in some of the primary ocean corridors, and we're investing aggressively in other areas and other services to try to build up with that. So, all in all a very positive outlook for our forwarding business going forward.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. To Andy with a question on the bad debt accrual. Can you talk about why the year-to-date bad debt accrual is tracking down nearly 80% year-over-year? Also, did you make any accrual for bad debt for Hanjin in the quarter? And how should we think about bad debt next year? Should it normalize to, say, just under 1% of net revenues?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Yeah. I'll answer them in a slightly different order. First we don't have exposure to Hanjin simply because they're not a customer, so there's no accrual for Hanjin. And then back to the first part which is overall Robinson's receivables are down versus last year. The reason they show as being up on the balance sheet is that we closed the APC acquisition on September 30 and we have an opening balance sheet which is reflected of their numbers. But traditional C.H. Robinson receivables are down. So that's the first reason why the reserve is down. The second reason is the quality of the receivables are up. So each of our customers receive a D&B rating, and today there are more dollars in what we call the low risk category of customers, there are more dollars in that low risk category today than there were last year. So therefore, that lowers your reserves. The final category is the aging. And again it goes below 60 days and above 60 days in terms of our aging categories. There are more dollars today in the less than 60 days category than there were last year. Again, you take higher-quality receivables where the amount that is in less than 60 days is higher than last year, therefore you have a low receivable. As far as looking forward into the future, it's certainly hard to determine or give an accurate prediction as to whether we will take more customers in the low to medium or high risk category, or whether those customers will be paying in 30 days, 45 days or beyond 60 days. So, we are very happy with our credit and finance team, our credit and finance policies, so we do expect to continue to drive good results on our receivables balance.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. To John, an M&A question. With the APC acquisition complete do you expect to focus on acquisition opportunities going forward more domestically or globally?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: We've hit on this a little bit already but we do expect to continue to look for both. We will look for market share and service expansion opportunities both in North America and outside of it. Andy talked about some of the restructuring that we've done to make sure that we can take the earnings that we're now achieving outside of North America and redeploy those internationally to have a more efficient structure. So with that in place and the success of some of our businesses outside of North America, the mix going forward will have a greater bent towards looking at global acquisitions than we had in the past, but we'll continue to look for both.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John, and staying on the topic of APC for Andy. Can you please provide us more color on the APC acquisition? What's the split between air and ocean? And what is the geographic distribution? Do you expect APC's net revenue growth to be similar, slower or faster than the legacy business?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Yes. And it's great; we've hit on this theme several times throughout the morning, and the color is we're really excited to have them part of the Robinson Global Forwarding network. Prior to the acquisition I think they were the sixth largest forwarder in Australia. The mix of their business, because it's an agent-based business, was primarily ocean and forward to customs with a little air import mixed in. I think if you were to categorize it, it's roughly a third of it was coming from North America, a third from Europe and a third from Asia. And so, but because they were an agent -based network and they were focused primarily on the import, they didn't focus as much on the export market, which Australia does have a pretty strong export market. Now that they are part of a global network of company-owned stores that are branded Robinson, they can begin to really sell. And as John mentioned, the initial interactions have been incredibly positive, an Australia export service. And we've got teams in the U.S. We've got teams in Europe and teams in Asia that are working on it. Additionally, and we talked a little bit about this, is that we're able to pick up that business that they were traditionally running through agents in Europe and Asia. Roughly that was by order of magnitude two-thirds of the business. So we're excited about the initial returns on picking up their agent businesses in those markets because we have teams on the ground that are working on it today. I would just finally close by, usually, it's very rare to find an acquisition like this where the cultural fit is exceptionally high. They run their operations incredibly tight and incredibly successful, and they fit very well into the Robinson culture and the Robinson team. There are a lot of incremental and additional opportunities that we look to explore with them. So the color is very positive.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. To John with an LTL question. What are your expectations for LTL growth, especially if we remain in a relatively lackluster industrial production environment? Do you think you can meaningfully outpace the market growth by taking share from the asset-based providers?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: So I guess the first point of clarification is when we think about our LTL offering, we don't see it as competing directly with the asset providers. It's about partnering with those asset providers and the vast majority of everything we do in the LTL space, it is tendering it to a traditional asset-based LTL network where they're executing the freight. So from our standpoint, the question becomes how much more of the market can we prove our value proposition to be involved in the transaction, to use our technology, to use our routing, to use our tools to help both the shipper and the carrier with a better outcome around doing that? We do feel good about that. We think we can continue to take market share and grow faster than the overall market just by continuing to penetrate our services that are out there. So yeah, we do feel very positive about it. And in terms of the competitive market, there are some additional LTL third parties or brokers today that maybe they weren't 10 years or 15 years ago. But again, as I commented earlier, I think that in some ways provides validation to our business model and how we're adding value and we'll have to continue to evolve with a more competitive landscape just like we do in all of our other services.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy on ELDs. Are you beginning to hear from customers that want to secure capacity from carriers that are already ELD compliant? What procedures does Robinson have in place to make sure that carriers they use are compliant once the mandate is effective?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Yeah, we really haven't heard any specific request from customers related specifically to using ELD-compliant carriers. So, it just hasn't come up yet. As far as the accountability in terms of the compliance, so let's all remember that ELD's aren't actually changing the hours of service; it's only changing the manner in which those carriers comply to the hours of service. And today as well in December of 2017 when the new law goes into effect, is part of our agreement with all of our carriers is that they comply with local, state and federal regulations and laws. And we would expect them to continue to comply with all local, state and federal laws just like we do today. So there won't be any change in terms of how we actually adjudicate that.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. To John for a question on European truck brokerage. What percentage of your truck brokerage net revenue is generated in Europe? How would you characterize the state of the truckload supply and demand dynamic in Europe? Are margins behaving better in Europe than in the U.S.?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: So our European business represents about 5% of our truckload net revenue. Because we're much smaller in Europe and don't have the network scale, our margins are lower in Europe than they are in North America. In addition, because we have that smaller, more transactional network, our margins in Europe are actually more stable than they are in North America. Again, that's just in the Robinson business. We've talked a lot today about how those committed relationships and the large shippers that we deal with and enter into those agreements that are more – a little more than half of our North America truckload business contribute meaningfully to kind of the margin volatility and the expansion and compression that we have during the various cycles. So our business in Europe is profitable, the margins are lower, but they are more stable because of the mix of business and the transactional majority that we do in Europe.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. To Andy and a question on managed services. Your TMC operations seems to have emerged as the premier transportation manager in the U.S. Are you satisfied with the revenue and profit generated from this operation given the amount of freight you manage, and the amount of value you create for customers?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: I guess it's hard to say that we're not satisfied with 31% growth in the quarter. The team there is doing a great job, and yes we agree with your statement with one caveat. We do believe that TMC is the premier transportation manager, but not only in the U.S. but the entire world. We have five control towers on four continents and the Indian subcontinent, and it's backed up by a world-class IT team that provides global supply chain visibility. They continue to win mandates from new and existing customers, and are on track to manage over $4 billion in freight spend. So, yeah, we're pretty satisfied.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. To John with a quick question on regulation. Are there any other pending regulations you think could cause a disruption to trucking capacity? If so, can you please give your thoughts on them.
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Short answer is no. Andy kind of lined out the discussion around ELDs and why we don't think that will be disruptive from our standpoint. In our industry presentations we talk a lot about the last six years or seven years and the escalation of regulation around safety and emissions type themes, hours of service, CSA and different things that have added cost and have added some price inflection to various periods in the truckload portion of it. We've lived through most of those. ELD is just kind of the big one that everyone's talking about right now and we don't expect a lot for that. So, short answer is no.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy on the topic of M&A. How does the acquisition pipeline look? Are you seeing quality properties that might be a good accretive strategic fit? Are valuation expectations on the part of the seller reasonable?
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Yes. We have a really strong team dedicated to this area and the acquisitions pipeline looks good right now. That doesn't mean that we're going to run out and buy a bunch of companies, because our filter is what they've always been. It's cultural, it's strategic, it's business model and its value. We're in constant dialogue with companies that are out there and remain disciplined in our approach. Some sellers right now are reasonable while others, their valuation expectations are beyond what we believe are reasonable. So...
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John on intermodal. Would you consider buying a large existing intermodal franchise from an asset-based carrier? Would you be willing to fix an existing business? Or would you prefer to buy something already firing on all cylinders? Or would you rather just grow organically? Have your thoughts evolved on this in recent months?
John P. Wiehoff - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Well, from an overall M&A philosophy standpoint our first preference is to grow organically because that does have the highest return on it. We've acknowledged that there are a lot of opportunities where we can invest through M&A and not only accelerate our growth but sometimes bring in management and business processes that we're not as capable at that are really good for us. So we have not, and we do not really look at kind of fixer-upper type acquisitions. We're generally looking for what we think are well-run and good businesses that are going to add to the strength of our network and add to our competencies because we really don't have the bandwidth or the extra management in place to go around and fix things. We would like to be bigger in the intermodal business. We do remain very open-minded about intermodal opportunities and looking at how we can be more relevant to that space in the future, but our approach has generally been around looking for good management teams and well-run businesses that will make us stronger.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, John. To Andy with the next question. How are you thinking about your preferred spot or contractual mix heading into 2017, given the general consensus expectation that ELDs will begin to have an impact on capacity next year which could drive higher rates and margin compression, especially if you have an outsized mix of business tied to contractual commitments.
Andrew C. Clarke - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: We've hit this point quite a few times, not only on this call but also in previous ones where we try to meet customers where they want to buy. And what we've seen and what we've experienced for some time now is customers are looking to secure capacity and they're looking to secure rates which is part of the reason why we're helping them manage their supply chains and growing our volumes the way they have. So with that being said, our mix between contractual and spot remains fairly consistent quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. When we see disruption, whether it's significant or not, on either supply or demand, that mix shift shifts. So, if we were to see a significant impact in capacity to yield these, which by the way, we don't anticipate, we would expect to see more higher-margin opportunities in the spot market while we would continue to honor our commitments to our contractual customers for the term of the agreement, which – they usually reset every 160-plus days. So, obviously volume would increase if there's a disruption, and we would take advantage of it in the spot market and we would continue to honor those contracts on the contractual side but we would also take advantage of – in a situation like that where routing guides failed, the further down you go the more opportunities there are for margin expansion.
Timothy D. Gagnon - C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. Unfortunately, we're out of time and we apologize that we couldn't get to all the questions that came in. We really appreciate everybody participating in the third quarter of 2016 conference call. This call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the C.H. Robinson website at chrobinson.com. It can be accessed by dialing 1-877-660-6853 and entering the passcode 13646518#. And that replay should be available later this morning. If you have any additional questions, please call me, Tim Gagnon, at 952-683-5007 or by email. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson's Second Quarter 2016 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today's presentation, Tim Gagnon will facilitate a review of previously submitted questions. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, July 27, 2016. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Gagnon, the Director of Investor Relations.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, Melissa, and good morning, everybody. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Clark, Chief Financial Officer. John and Andy will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our second quarter, and we will follow that with a response to pre-submitted questions we received after earnings release yesterday. Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate our discussion. The slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is located at chrobinson.com. John and Andy will be referring to these slides in their prepared comments. I'd like to remind you that comments made by John, Andy or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. With that, I'll turn it over to John to begin his prepared comments on slide three with a review of our second quarter results.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Similar to past quarters, I'd like to start our prepared comments by highlighting some of the key financial metrics. Total revenues decreased 6.9% in the second quarter. The decrease in total revenues was primarily the result of lower pricing in the truckload air and ocean services. Lower fuel prices on a year-over-year basis was again impactful to the reduced pricing. Net revenues increased 1.7% to $594 million in the second quarter. Net revenue growth slowed as the quarter progressed per business day. Net revenue growth in each of the months was 9%, 0% and negative 3% for April through June. The primary reason for the sequential results was the fact that the change in truckload pricing and cost per mile crossed over in June and now into July as our price per mile for the customers is going down more than our costs on a year-over-year basis. Andy will talk more to this in a few slides. Though net revenue slowed compared with the past several quarters, our network performed well, achieving a 4.3% net income growth and a 6.4% earnings per share increase. We had earnings per share of $1 in the quarter compared to $0.94 last year. EPS of $1.83 for the first six months of the year is a 9.6% increase over the first half of 2015. In terms of some of the highlights for the second quarter, we were able to take market share as we grew volumes across nearly all of our services. Growing our volumes and taking market share in the various cycles continues to be an important part of our long-term strategy. Serving our customers while adjusting to market changes is a strength of ours. We remain very confident in the strength of our model and the ability to react and succeed. We continue to invest in people, technology and our network. Our variable expense model is working well. Pay-for-performance programs and effective capital management help us to grow our EPS in challenging environments like this quarter. Our global head count grew 4.8% when compared to the second quarter of 2015. We've often mentioned that head count will grow in alignment with our activity or volume, and this was the case in the second quarter. Our long-term strategy is working and we continue with our initiatives to drive long-term growth and shareholder value. With that overview, I'm going to now turn it over to Andy to go through results by service offering.
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, John. And now, on to slide four and our transportation results. The Robinson team did a great job of taking market share in the quarter as we increased our global shipment count by over 200,000. We are proud of this statistic as it demonstrates that customers are voting for our services. Volume growth was driven across multiple modes and through several industry verticals, with e-commerce, automotive and telecom being a few of the areas with large increases in volume and net revenue. We continue to receive accolades from our customers and in the industry. As we were recently named the number one 3PL by Inbound Logistics for the sixth year in a row. We were also named Best Logistics Provider of Airfreight at the 2016 Asian Freight Logistic and Supply Chain Awards. These distinctions are a credit to the more than 13,500 Robinson employees across the globe who work every day to help our customers win. Though it is a challenging environment, the network continues to connect with more and more companies around the world. During the quarter, we had nearly 20 million web and mobile interactions with customers and carriers. This is a sequential increase of over 30% from the beginning of the year. Transportation net revenues increased 1.5% to $556.5 million in the quarter. Net revenue margin increased 180 basis points on a year-over-year basis. This was primarily the result of lower purchased transportation costs including the lower cost of fuel. Additionally, we have seen the mix shift in the type of freight we are moving to the higher-margin businesses and the services we provide. As we have discussed in the past, our net revenue margin is an output and there are many variables that influence it. The second quarter is a good example of that as we saw our net revenue growth slow while the margin increased. As John mentioned, lower pricing in some of our key services makes it more challenging to grow net revenues. Moving on to slide five, we have taken information that we have been publicly providing since 2008 and put it into a graphical form. Hopefully it will be additive to the commentary about the secular and cyclical aspects of our business and industry. The light and dark blue lines represent the percent change in North American truckload rate per mile to customers and carriers, net of fuel costs over time. The orange line is the net revenue margin for all transportation services. There has been a lot of commentary from analysts and transportation providers in regards to the cyclical and secular changes. This visual illustrates in our results that change is a rather constant factor in our business. Part of the value that we bring to customers and carriers is helping them manage the rate of change that occurs. When we think about this chart and our business from a secular perspective, there are many factors to consider. One of the most interesting is that during the time period presented, the average price and cost net of fuel have increased approximately 2%. So with all the ups and downs, the truckload pricing has been inflationary. We have talked a lot about the fact that our business has become more committed, with now between 50% and 60% of our truckload volume contracted. Both shippers and purchasers of logistic services value our ability to understand the market and manage their transportation spend for their budgeting and planning initiatives. You may notice that the price and cost lines have moved closer together over time. The access to information about pricing and equipment availability has led to faster responses in many ways, which certainly include pricing. We feel like our network has done an excellent job adjusting to the markets and adapting quickly to these changes. And finally, the chart illustrates that over the past eight and a half years, we had nearly an equal number of quarters where the percent change in purchased transportation cost exceeded the percent change in price and vice versa. These changes are one of the factors that impact margins, which has also varied over time. Slide six covers our truckload results. Truckload net revenue decreased 1.4% in the second quarter as volumes increased 3%. Pricing was again down in the quarter, as you saw in the previous slide, as customer pricing net of fuel decreased 7.5% versus last year's second quarter, and purchased transportation cost net of fuel fell 8%. Truckload market condition changed throughout the quarter, and in June, these lines actually inverted. For the first time in the last two years, the percent change in price per mile to carriers decreased less than the percent change cost to customers. For the quarter, our net revenue decreased $0.02 per mile, which is the primary reason our truckload net revenue fell when compared to last year. All that being said, there are many positives in the quarter, and we achieved 3% truckload volume growth in a market where overall demand was down. We captured more share in June, and thus far in July, we have seen volume growth accelerate. June volumes increased 4%, and to-date in July, truckload volume is up 7% on a per-day basis. Kudos to the team for reacting to the current market dynamics. Our carrier services team again did another great job by adding 4,400 new carriers in the quarter. This is a record high for us, coming off a very successful 2015. These new carriers moved over 25,000 loads. We had nearly 40,000 active carriers in the quarter, and we continue to see a lot of diversity in our carrier base. Carriers with less than 100 trucks moved just over 80% of our shipments, and larger carriers moved about 20%. So the key indicators for our truckload business in terms of carrier relationships and customers choosing Robinson look very good. We do have some tough comparables in the back half of the year, but we knew that was the case and have been preparing. Our network will focus on servicing our customers and adapting to the market conditions. On to slide seven and our less-than-truckload results. Our LTL business had another strong growth quarter. Net revenues increased 9% to just shy of $100 million. Volumes increased 7% when compared to the second quarter of last year. Pricing was down slightly, as one would expect with fuel being down, and net revenue margins increased again. Temperature-controlled was a standout area as that portion of the LTL business grew 60%. This specialized service has been growing even faster than the overall service line, and that team is doing a great job expanding the service within our portfolio of customers. We have received a lot of questions about the growth drivers in our truck – LTL business. The team and network have made tremendous strides over the past years, and the strength of our program centers around, one, our vast carrier network; two, our ability to execute all shipment sizes from parcel to pallets; and probably three, most importantly, our people and technology allow us to optimize and cater the LTL offering to the unique needs of each of our customers. We are able to deliver comprehensive solutions to clients that cover their needs across a broad range, from final mile delivery of small packages and parcels to the consolidation and distribution of dry, fresh and frozen products. We are adding new customers in this service line faster than any other in North America, and we expect this trend to continue. We continue to build on our industry-leading position in LTL and feel good about our opportunities going forward. Transitioning to our intermodal results on slide eight: intermodal net revenue decreased 21.8% in the quarter as volumes decreased 13%. Net revenue margins decreased in the quarter as a higher percent of our volume is in lower margin contractual business. The team has worked really hard to grow this service, but we are fighting a tough industry trend. Our successes in the quarter came from our committed business as volumes in this area increased as we have been winning some large contractual bids over the past couple of quarters. Those wins, however, have not been enough to offset the losses in transactional volume on a year-over-year basis. The low truckload pricing and available truckload capacity environment will be a headwind for the business into the third quarter. Transitioning to slide nine in our global forwarding services business. Second quarter net revenue in global forwarding services were $91.8 million, an increase of 2.4% from 2015's second quarter. We are pleased with our cross-selling initiatives as they yielded many new customers and new net revenue. Further, we are proud of maintaining our status as the number one NVOCC from China to the U.S. Ocean net revenue was up 1.7%, air net revenues increased 2.7%, and customs grew 5.8%. During the quarter, ocean shipments increased approximately 6%, and air shipments were up 20%, which is a clear indication of our team's strong performance and ability to take market share. Pricing continued to be down in the quarter with total revenue per shipment down over 20% in both ocean and air services. Slide 10 covers our other logistics services. The services in this group include transportation management services, warehousing, parcel and small package. Net revenues increased 24% in the second quarter of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. TMC, which is our managed services business, represents approximately 60% of the net revenue in this area. TMC net revenue increased 30% in the second quarter and is currently on pace to service over $3 billion in freight under management in 2016. This business is another one of our fast-growing segments. Customers continue to look for new and better ways to execute their supply chains, and TMC is a great example of how we are able to add services to meet the increased demand for outsourced solutions by combining our Navisphere TMS technology and 3PL outsourcing. Transitioning to our sourcing business on slide 11. Sourcing net revenues increased 5.7% in the second quarter. Congratulations to the entire Robinson Fresh team. The net revenue growth was primarily the result of 3% case volume growth across a variety of commodities and services, and an increase in net revenue per case. Net revenue margin increased 40 basis points in the quarter, which was primarily the result of a change in the mix of commodities and services sold. I will now transition to slide 11 (sic) [12] (16:50) and a review of our summarized income statement. Personnel expenses increased 2.4%, primarily driven by an average head count growth of 5.2% in the quarter. Our head count growth is often closely correlated to the activity and volume growth, and this was again the case in the second quarter. As I mentioned in a previous slide, our ability to combine electronic customer and carrier connectivity with talented professionals will continue to allow us to drive productivity improvements. SG&A expenses decreased 0.8% in the second quarter. As John said earlier, the Robinson business model worked well, as a reduction in variable compensation and lower SG&A expenses on a year-over-year basis helped us to achieve higher net income growth than net revenue growth which is always our goal. We were also able to convert revenues to profits at a higher rate of 39.3%, a 10 basis point improvement from the same period last year. Moving on to slide 13 and other financial information. We had another strong cash flow quarter, generating just over $143 million in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $26.2 million in the second quarter and $44 million year-to-date. We continue to expect capital expenditures to finish the year between $70 million and $80 million. The increase on a year-over-year basis is the result of the costs associated with the building of our second data center. We finished the quarter with $965 million in debt and $207 million in cash. And finally, before turning it back to John, slide 14 and our capital distribution to shareholders. We returned approximately $88 million to our shareholders in the quarter, with $63.6 million in dividends and $23.9 million in share repurchases. Again, thank you very much to everyone at Robinson for a solid second quarter, and thank you all as well for listening in. With that, I will now turn it back to John to make some closing comments before we answer some of your questions.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Thank you, Andy. Before we move on to the pre-submitted questions, I'll take just a couple minutes to wrap up with some final comments. Coming into the year, we planned that we would continue to add to our team and be aggressive going after market share, and that's exactly what we're doing. We're growing our volume in nearly all of our services. As Andy mentioned, our truckload volume growth has increased the past 2 months and is pacing at a 7% per day business increase in July. Europe's growth in both surface transportation and global forwarding is accelerating. The Freightquote team continues to perform well and deliver strong results. Our outsourced services, including TMC, are delivering consistent double-digit growth. There are a lot of bright spots across our business, and we feel good about how we are executing and our long-term opportunities for growth. Our July to-date total company net revenue has decreased approximately 2% per business day. This decrease is primarily the result of lower net revenue per shipment in the truckload service line. Andy's comments covered what we're seeing in truckload pricing. We also know that the truckload net revenue margins for the second half of 2015 were on the high side of our historic ranges, making for challenging comparisons. As I shared in my opening comments, we pride ourselves on maintaining great execution while we adjust to the market cycles. However, net revenue growth in truckload services is more challenging in this environment. If you look at our historical performance, we've been very consistent at delivering EPS growth that approximate or exceeds our net revenue growth. We achieved this through variable cost, productivity gains and efficient capital management. We continue to focus on all of these components of our business model as we believe it's the right combination to motivate our team, serve customers and carriers more efficiently, and create shareholder value. With that, we'll now move to the Q&A part of our call.
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Gagnon, the floor is yours for the Q&A session.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, Melissa, and good morning, everybody again, and thank you for taking the time to the many analysts and investors who submitted questions for John and Andy to respond to. With that, I'm going to get right into the responses here. The first question is for Andy. The tax rate has been 37% to 38% for three quarters now. Should it remain at these levels and not 38.5% for the rest of the year?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, thanks, Tim. Approximately 15% of the net income we generate comes from subsidiaries and operations outside of the United States. Versus 10 years ago, that number has actually increased very nicely. And traditionally, we repatriate those earnings to the U.S. and pay the U.S. federal tax rate, which is one of the highest in the world. As we discussed previously on our last call, in the first quarter of this year we elected APB 23 and asserted that we will indefinitely reinvest the earnings of those foreign subsidiaries to support the expansion of our international business where the opportunities are large and the tax rates are lower. As a result, our effective tax rate is now lower. Our foreign operations in the aggregate continue to perform well, and therefore we expect the effective tax rate to remain in the low 37% range.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, Andy. The next question is for John. June was minus 3% total company net revenue and July was minus 2%. Should we take this as a sign of stabilization and that we can see a better trajectory from here? Where were the comps a year ago by month for June, July, August and September?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: We tried in our prepared comments and by adding the chart to graph out some of the price changes that we've had over the last eight or nine years. We tried to do the best we could to be transparent about the trends within the quarter and kind of what we're seeing in the marketplace to address some of these trends. In terms of third quarter comps and the June, July, August question, our growth and our margins during the third quarter a year ago were fairly consistent, I believe up 7%, up 5%, up 8%, so that from a comparable the standpoint, July is probably fairly typical of what we're going to see in the third quarter from a comparison standpoint. In Andy and my prepared comments, we talked about that chart that we added and the fact that volumes have accelerated during the months of June and July, and that with that has come the margin compression and the turn in those costs and price comparisons that the graph showed. So we don't really know where we go from here in terms of have we hit bottom. We know that the months of June and July felt different and that it's a normal part of the cycle when we start to see volume accelerating and margins starting to turn. But we'll have to see what happens in the marketplace for the third and fourth quarter and how the market evolves from there.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, John. The next question for Andy. How much of the 180 basis point year-over-year increase in transportation net revenue margins was attributable to lower purchased transportation versus fuel versus mix?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: The 180 basis point improvement on a year-over-year basis is pretty consistent to what we've experienced over the last several quarters with just over a third of that improvement, again cosmetically being from fuel. A third of it was the price/cost spread, and just under a third of that was a mix shift to higher-margin business such as LTL and global forwarding.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. Do you believe July represented an inflection point in the truckload supply/demand dynamic, or a mere seasonal uptick?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: So I touched on this at the end of the previous question that there are some elements of seasonality in the summer around June and July and we look at produce season. And produce season may have extended longer this year than last year, and there can be some seasonality in June and July that was probably contributing to some of the activity. However, if you look at kind of the macro chart that Andy talked you through, when you look at a longer period of time with average costs going up 2% and you see a couple years in a row of kind of declining prices and that downward trend on the chart, it does feel like there's the potential for an inflection point is well. And clearly, in the month of June and July we've seen those data points cross over.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. You've stated multiple times in the past that the goal to return 90% of net income to shareholders through dividends or share repurchases, yet in the second quarter you only returned 61%. Can you provide some color on the variation from your target and how we should expect this to trend for the remainder of the year?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, thanks. Year-to-date, we've returned $206 million or 80% of our net income to shareholders in terms of both the buyback and the dividends. In the first quarter, we actually returned 99% so there are clearly fluctuations and variations within the quarters. But we remain committed to returning 90% of our net income to shareholders on an annual basis.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, Andy. Next question to John related to head count. How should we be thinking about head count in 2016? Will CHRW need to increase head count faster in the second half given the recent acceleration in truckload volumes, or are there technology offsets that we should be thinking about?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: So maybe one reminder here is that we do continue to hire a significant percentage of our new employees right out of universities. And our hiring patterns, while the long-term objective is to mirror them with our volume or activity, we are planning our hiring on more of a calendar or annual basis around the schools, the graduation rates and the hiring cycles. So we look at that, we look at our market expectations, we look at our productivity expectations and we're making decisions about how we're going to add to the team. In the prepared remarks, I commented that we did set out this year with a plan to add to the team and we do plan to continue to do that throughout the remainder of the year, probably at that low- to mid-single digit range that we experienced throughout the first half of the year. The fact that our volumes are accelerating, we have been for several years now, and really it's a permanent part of our culture to be looking at our productivity, our business practices and our job families around being ready to handle that additional volume when the market makes it available to us. So we will be adjusting our hiring thoughts and plans over time as we always do, but we'll be executing what we set out to do at the beginning of the year to keep building the team. And if we do have continued volume increases throughout the second half of 2016, we're confident that we'll be able to handle them.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy about managed services. Is the 30% growth rate in managed transportation sustainable in the near to midterm? How large of an opportunity do you think this is for CHRW on a long-term view?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Great. Those are two distinct questions, and I'll tackle the second one and then come back to the first. We believe the space for outsourced managed services is both large and growing. More companies today understand that their supply chains are global, they're complex and they're ever-changing. They further understand that in many ways, internally hiring people, buying technology and negotiating with and managing a carrier base isn't core to what they do. Also, it doesn't allow them to scale because they only have their business volumes to leverage. We discussed in our first quarter earnings call the success we're having with Microsoft. I think us managing their global supply chain is a great example of the overall trend in the market today. They can leverage our people, our process and our technology. And as it relates to the growth rate segment, we're very happy with the growth of TMC and managed services overall. Our ability to sustain double-digit growth rates is dependent on our ability to continue to execute, and we have a high degree of confidence in our team's ability to do so.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, Andy. And a follow up on managed services. Of the $3 billion of freight spend under management at TMC, how much of that are you able to capture, presumably at arm's length, in your brokerage operations?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Well, first let me say that transactions between TMC and Robinson are at arm's length. They have to be. It's a contractual requirement of the customers. And the folks at TMC are extremely strict on SOC (30:34), too, so no one on the Robinson side sees any information from TMC. In fact, all of their offices are in separate buildings from traditional Robinson offices. Of that $3 billion that TMC manages, approximately 10% goes to Robinson on a competitive bid process.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. Have you seen any impact of the SOLAS mandate through your freight forwarding, air, ocean, service lines of business?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: So real briefly, for those on the call who may not be familiar with it, SOLAS is an acronym that stands for Safety of Life at Seas. And it's an initiative in the maritime community to improve the data and the information around the weight of the containers on steam ship lines so that they can be more safely balanced. Effective July 1, so at the beginning of Q3 here, there were some global rules that went in place. I think there's more than 150 countries involved and a lot of complexity in terms of how it's being implemented, but the basic idea is just to capture more accurate and better information about the weights in all of these containers. We have done a fair amount of work leading up to July 1 to make that all of our global forwarding customers are prepared to be compliant. And we do feel good about the status of our compliance at this point. Because it's a complex rule with a lot of implementation and a lot of different interpretation and enforcement practices around the world in all these various countries, we do think it's a topic that's going to continue to evolve and require some further conversation and some further modification and evolution of how that goes. But it's been in place for several weeks now. It's very similar to some of the domestic regulation changes that we've seen over the last five years or six years that it is focused largely on safety and data gathering and the information around that. So the impact on us becomes the data gathering and the process management to make sure that we and all of our customers are compliant with it. And so far, we feel very good about that.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. You've previously talked about growing your European road business and also expanding your freight forwarding presence in Europe. Just wondering if anything has changed there given the Brexit vote? Also, can you help us size your potential exposure in the UK, which I imagine is pretty small from both a footprint and currency perspective?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks. Yeah, first let me start off by recognizing the great work of our European teams. We're really pleased with the efforts and results of both our road and global forwarding operations there. And regarding Brexit, nothing has changed since the vote took place. Trade is still occurring and we're executing for our customers. While the UK has new leaders in place, trade in some form or fashion will continue regardless of the direction that new government takes, so we aren't really concerned from that perspective. But in total, our UK operations represent less than 1% of our overall net revenue.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. In your slides you referenced a 7% year-over-year increase in North America truckload volumes so far in July. Can you provide some color on what is driving this growth? And is this in the spot market or on the contractual side?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: We've touched on this a little bit through the prepared comments, but as -- in our quarter-end process, as we look at the customer side of the activity for June and July and trying to really do the best that we can to understand what's changing, we have seen increases in both the committed and spot market activity of our North American truckload activity. In the prepared comments, I mentioned that we approached this year and did approach the contractual opportunities and the committed relationships that we have throughout the first half of 2016 by being aggressive and trying to stay involved in that freight. So we are seeing growth with those long-term committed relationships. I think it's also been fairly well publicized that the spot market activity in June and July has increased pretty meaningfully as well, too. And we certainly are seeing that and participating in it. As the world has gotten more sophisticated and more participants have more data, there's a lot of opportunity for people to route their freight within contracts or go within spot markets. So we're always trying to do the best that we can to understand our freight relationships and monitoring what is committed, what is spot market and making sure that we're adapting to the pricing properly. But through June and July, the short answer is that we did see increases in both of those categories.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, John. To Andy for the next question. How should we be thinking about depreciation and amortization for the remainder of the year? Was there anything unique in Q2 2016?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: No. There was nothing unique in the quarter regarding depreciation and amortization. Going forward, that number should be between $17 million and $18 million on a quarterly basis, reflecting the higher capital expenditures.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, Andy. To John for the next question. Again on the truckload business, what percentage of your business was committed versus spot in 2016? Is there a certain mix level that you are targeting on a go-forward basis?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: We've discussed this in the past. Our best estimates today and for the second quarter of 2016 would be that we're about 60% committed and about 40% spot market or more transactional in our North America truckload business. The longer-term trend on that is if you go back a couple of decades, we were in the 90%-plus spot market. We were much more of a transactional truck broker in the marketplace. Over the last couple of decades, we've evolved into the scale and the capabilities to handle those larger committed relationships with, generally, the larger shippers that are out there in the marketplace. As we've grown into that capability of being a core carrier and working on committed freight, that has become a larger and larger percentage of our business. Our best estimate, based on tracking the types of shipments that we do, like I said, is that 60/40 relationship with committed freight probably being a little bit more than half of it now. We've said this in the past but as a reminder, one of the reasons why these are estimates, and it's hardest because there are unique customer contracts and there are thousands of them across our networks, and there are different definitions of commitment and what commitment means and what the pricing relationships are. So what may seem like a fairly simple concept and able to quantify it, when you get into the weeds on this, there is quite a variation of contracts and what commitments mean. They don't all start and stop at the same date as well, too. And with many of those customer relationships, we're interacting with them in different lanes on a variety of committed and spot market activities. So the actual execution and quantification of these is more complex than it might sound, but at a very high level it's about a 60/40 relationship.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, John. Next question to Andy. What does the acquisition market look like right now? Are you comfortable with the idea of loaning assets?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Again, two different questions, so I'm going to tackle the second one first. We've been very public with our go to market strategy of solving customers' complex global supply chain issues with people, process, technology. We've also gone to market and been very public with our asset-based providers and partnered with them to help them better utilize and leverage their networks. We meet frequently with these providers, and they recognize the value they bring to us and we to them. We just can't envision a scenario where owning assets on a significant scale helps us on either side of that equation. As it relates to M&A, the market really hasn't changed much in the last year or so. There are still good companies out there, as well as some not so good ones. So, for us, it comes down to strategic fit, cultural alignment, a non-asset-based business model, and valuation.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, Andy. To John with the next question. Is the forwarding business more likely to weigh on or add to your earnings in the second half of 2016?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: When we look at our global forwarding business, again, have to rewind a little bit here that going back three years or four years ago, we were not happy with the profitability of our global forwarding business, and through the Phoenix acquisition about three-and-a-half years ago, we've been successful at not only really increasing the size and substance of our global forwarding division, but over that period of time, integrating and improving the operations so that our combined global forwarding business over the last several quarters has reached the level of profitability that we think is sustainable and is contributing nicely to the value that we're creating. So what that means is when we think shorter term about the question around second half of 2016 and kind of what's the outlook for our global forwarding business, today, it's sort of down to similar to North America where if the net revenue growth is there, we feel like there's a fairly predictable amount of operating income and results that will come from that. So we have good momentum in growing our global forwarding activity right now, so we feel positive about the second half outlook, and the taking of market share and the continued growth of our global forwarding network. As most of you probably know, the macro environment around pricing in the ocean area in particular is pretty challenging right now, and so similar to the truckload side of it, it'll probably be more about margins and margin fluctuation in the second half going forward, depending upon overall market conditions now that we have a more stable and mature global forwarding activity. So just like the truckload side, we feel good about our execution, we feel good about market share and volume gains. Margin comparisons and margin activity in global forwarding in the second half of the year will likely be the challenge.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, John. To Andy for the next question. How was the decrease in doubtful accounts during this quarter – or how much was the decrease, excuse me.
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: The allowance for doubtful accounts decreased by $3 million in the quarter, so similar to what we experienced in the first quarter. The determination of this amount really is primarily formula driven, and it takes into consideration the quality, as well as the duration of the receivables. The teams have done a great job of decreasing the amounts outstanding past 60 days, and we have a high-quality customer base.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, Andy. To John with this next question. At today's depressed spot market pricing levels, are you finding that carriers are struggling financially? If so, are you seeing any reduction in available capacity? Or have the 4,400 new carriers you've added to your roster in the second quarter more than made up to handle any of the fallout?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: So there's a lot of good questions woven into there, and it kind of goes back to the data points and the chart that we've talked a fair amount about around the changes in the marketplace, around the supply side. When prices are declining, as they have for the last couple of years, historically and what would logically end a cycle like that is when the capacity side finds the bottom, begins to say no to price reductions or further price decreases, and/or some of them fail or go out of business or make the decision that it's no longer economically viable to operate at those rates. So there have been data points in the marketplace about increased bankruptcy or increased churn in the supply side. So the data points that we monitor around that is we're constantly looking for new sources of capacity, and as you saw, our new carrier sign ups in the quarter were very healthy. That could be a byproduct of our efforts to reach out and find capacity. It can also be a byproduct of capacity that's looking for freight more aggressively, and checking for more sites or more shippers or more third parties to look for that capacity. So similar to many of the other comments that we've made, there are some data points that would suggest that the churn and the capacity is ticking up a little bit or maybe starting to happen. We have not seen kind of widespread tightness or shortness of capacity that oftentimes comes at this part of the cycle. While we have seen volume increases and margin compression, there has generally been available capacity. It's still more around the pricing metric at this time than just where you might see a complete absence of capacity, and have to wait a day or two days to ship freight that you would've otherwise preferred to ship on that date. So that's the color that we can add about what we're seeing on the capacity side and the relationships with our carriers.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, John. To Andy for a question about compensation. How should we be thinking about incentive comp in the second half of 2016 versus the $10.6 million accrued on stock-based comp in Q2? Were there also lower accruals for the cash incentive comp in Q2?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: As John mentioned in his remarks, our cash and equity compensation model is variable. And the way it works, it is if we grow the business profitably, we get paid more. It's pretty simple. So we have both time-based options and performance-based restricted shares. There were lower cash and equity incentive accruals in the second quarter, which was, again, formulaic and based on our results.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, Andy. Next question to John. Despite a soft May and June, CHRW was able to grow EBIT, 2%; and net income, 6%, in the quarter. This came on net revenue of 2% growth. With net revenue in July down 2%, what levers can the company pull to ensure that earnings do not go negative?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: I touched on this a little bit in the prepared comments, and it sort of tags onto what Andy just spoke to as well, too. That the kind of core premise of the business model is that we're going to earn and grow as much net revenue as we can, and that net revenue gets shared variably to the team at Robinson, as well as profitability and shareholder value. We're constantly looking at productivity gains to try to make sure that, hopefully, our operating income and our earnings grow as fast or faster than our net revenue, and our track record on that has been pretty positive. We also focus on capital management and share repurchases to make sure that, hopefully, our EPS is growing faster than our net income. So if you look at our historical results, I think that's one of the very positive attributes of our business model, is that constant productivity and efficiency, that constant high return on capital that allows us to repurchase shares and allows us to grow our EPS faster. So those are the key kind of macro levers that we can pull in terms of how we're going to attempt to grow our earnings and continue to grow our EPS regardless of where the net revenue might shake out. I also said on the call, though, that – in our prepared comments that when you get into that part of the cycle that we might be experiencing on the truckload side, as you've seen in our past, it does make for shorter periods of time in the cycle where growing that North American truckload net revenue is more challenging. And when that happens, since it's such a material part of our business, it does create a challenge in growing the net revenue. So, we've been doing this for many decades and we think we're pretty good at it, and I think the track record speaks for itself in terms of creating shareholder value, and we will continue to work on those pillars of our model to do that going forward.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, John. Taking Andy for a regulatory question. Are you encouraging carriers to adopt ELD sooner rather than later? If so, what are you doing? If not, why?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: We've always stated that we expect – in fact, our contract with the carriers' states that they must comply with all local, state and federal laws. And let's remember that the actual Hours of Service law is not changing. It's just the method by which the carriers comply, which is their accountability. Our accountability is not in that aspect of it. But what we have seen and what we would expect to continue to see is some of those carriers adopting early so that they can kind of get in and figure out the actual – how it works for them in terms of the ELDs versus the traditional paper logs. But again, the hours of service themselves are not changing, and the accountability of complying with all those laws remains at the carrier.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. Can you help us think about the factors that contributed to the sequential decline in net revenue per business day in the quarter? Was it a function of increasingly difficult comparisons, normal seasonality, contract re-pricing or some other factor?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: I think we've beat up these topics pretty well already in the prepared comments and some of the other Q&As, but again, it's all the above. And hopefully, what we've tried to do is share the fact that, yeah, there's cyclicality, so comparisons are changing. There is some seasonality to the summertime, and there is re-pricing with some of that committed freight and changes in the spot market. It's tough with all those moving parts to know exactly what contribution each of those made to the changes or where the market's going to go from here, but hopefully, we've been transparent in sharing the combination of things that are impacting all of that.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, John. To Andy for a little more clarity on the new slide five. Not sure what the commentary will be by John, but is the gist of this chart to illustrate that the recent rise in gross margins has been more a function of structural things, like the addition of Freightquote, and fuel, thus not a symmetry between the rate of change in buy and sell rates? If this is the case, then is there any way to quantify what the structural uplift has been from Freightquote and how much fuel has impacted gross margins versus, say, 2014?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, there are several themes that we hoped to get across in this slide, and again, the information itself is not new. We've been publishing it for years. We just wanted to put it in a graphical form to hopefully explain it and really show a couple of key themes, as well as the trends. And what we hope that the chart shows is a couple of things; one, the cyclical and overall inflationary nature of pricing, right? It's – since 2008, as John mentioned, it's been up, on average, 2%, both the price to the customers, as well as the cost to the carriers. And you can see the fluctuations that have happened within that. The second is the fact that pricing can change rapidly. There are periods in which it's gone up double digits and there are periods in which it's gone down double digits from a quarter-to-quarter basis. Third issue is, as the question referenced, there's a cosmetic impact of fuel. When fuel is lower, the margin is higher and vice versa. But it's a purely cosmetic impact to the net revenue margin percentage. Another key theme is that those lines tend to converge. As information becomes more readily available, the lines converge between pricing to customers and the cost to the carriers. Our customers are smart, as well as our carriers are smart. What we do is, as I mentioned earlier, we help them manage the rate of change and the pace of change on a quarter-to-quarter basis. And then I would say finally on that net revenue margin comment, that margin has trended up over time versus traditional truckload. So we've added higher margin relative to truckload services, such as LTL, such as global forwarding, and you see the impact that it has going back to 2012 all the way now to 2016. There is a shift change with higher-margin business, higher-margin being relative to truckload.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, Andy. To John with the next question. Congrats on another quarter of impressive net revenue margin expansion. Just wondering how sustainable you think that is. Given the aggressive pricing environment we've been hearing about and customers' option to renegotiate pricing, how much of your 2016 pricing has already been set with customers, and has there been any pressure to renegotiate those rates downward given the current loose market conditions? A similar question could relate to margins in forwarding as well.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: So from an overall pricing standpoint, it probably references back to some of the previous questions starting with kind of the 60/40 mix that there is about 60% of the North America truckload business that is pre-priced or through a committed relationship, where there's generally a one-year price expectation. Again, as we've talked in the past, there is not a set date or a certain pattern around how and when those contracts renew. So even though there is a decent component of our freight that has more of a annual pricing expectation to it, there is a constant renewal or an annual process to that, that results with maybe more like an effective six-month duration around what type of committed pricing is out there. Also, when you get into the relationship between committed pricing and spot market pricing, a lot of the relationships that we work with, we may have committed rates in place, but be accepting volumes above and beyond the committed volume activity that went with that committed pricing. So as we've talked in the past, if we do continue to see more of a floor, and we do continue to see a shift in the marketplace around the supply and demand cycle in that, the same things that have always happened in the past will continue to happen. I mentioned the carrier churn in the previous question. All parties will start to tighten their contractual monitoring in terms of making sure that only the committed volume is moving at committed pricing and making sure that spot market activity is better identified and better priced separately. And shippers will be reacting to those as well, too. One of the many reasons why we charted out some of the information that we've been sharing over the last eight years or nine years was to show you and hopefully give you a sense that while the markets have become more volatile and that prices are probably moving up and down a little bit more aggressively over the last eight years, nine years than they did prior to that, that our relationship between price to customer and cost of capacity have stayed relatively tight, and maybe even arguably have stayed closer together over this period of time. So in our comments around being proud about how we react to the market and how we are able to serve customers while balancing these various commitments into the marketplace, that is clearly one of the messages that we're trying to deliver on this call.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, John. To Andy, a technology question. Have you looked at any of the companies endeavoring to disintermediate brokers with a mobile application? Do any of these companies have a chance of making a major breakthrough? Would you consider acquiring a company or making investment in one of these companies?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: It's a good question, and we get it quite often. The short answer is, yeah, we look at every company that comes out with a website and a mobile app. And there is aspects of it that they claim to be this or they claim to be that. And what we've seen is that for the most part, the models they're trying to emulate are like Uber. But Uber, let's remember, took on a heavily regulated industry. Our industry, transportation and logistics, has been deregulated since 1980. And so, we're coming out. In fact, we've had what was traditionally called CHRTrucks (sic) [CHRWTrucks] (54:56), a mobile app for years. We've rebranded that to Navisphere, and it's just been recently released, both on the Apple, as well as the Android stores, for our carriers to download. And it's a very rich and it's a very robust mobile application. It allows those trucks and the partners that we have out there in the carrier space to connect, do things like paperwork, do things like submit billing, find loads, because we have a very rich and robust technology platform that they're able to plug into. I guess what – when we think about it in terms of, I'm sure there are some really slick apps, and I'm sure there are some really slick websites that are out there, but I guess the question that we have and the question that I think is out there is, we connect over 150,000 customers and carriers. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have over 20 million electronic touches this quarter. We have 13,500 global employees, right? We have the knowledge and the relationships with the customers and the carriers. And so it's one thing to go out and stand on the corner and get a cab or get a black car to the airport because five years ago, it's a regulated industry and there just weren't as many of them out there. But it's an entirely another thing to connect a global supply chain with hundreds of thousands of participants, and hundreds of thousands of variables and variations that go along with that. So we feel very comfortable of our track record of disintermediating this space because, again, we've been doing it since 1980.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations: Okay. Thanks, Andy. The next question again for you, Andy, is – relates to customer relationships. What's your sense for shippers' expectations during 2016's fall peak season shipping? In that vein, what is your sense of current retail inventory levels? Is there any risk of destocking during the second half of 2016 or in early 2017?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: We have daily conversations with our customers in terms of expectations for the second half of the year, and nothing that we've heard or nothing that we've discussed with them would present anything materially different than what we're seeing right now. In terms of inventory levels and destocking, I think the verdict is still out there on what's going to happen in that particular space.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations: Okay. Thanks, Andy. And the last question here will be for John related to EPS. Without asking for formal guidance, do you believe you can grow EPS in the second half of 2016 on a year-over-year basis?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: In the pros and cons of giving earnings guidance, the – I think we've talked a lot on this call about the primary reasons why we don't is because of the market volatility and the margin consequences that we have with that. It just becomes very difficult. And in our planning and budgeting process, we know that it's very difficult to forecast the margin activity and what exactly is going to happen in the supply and demand in the marketplace. So that's the reason at the core of why we don't give guidance. What we do feel good about is the things I discussed earlier around our variable cost model, and our ability to generate operating income and EPS growth that comes out of that net revenue. So really, the key for the second half of the year is what happens with the net revenue, and pretty high confidence around our business model and the EPS that will follow from that. So we're going to be focused on maintaining those disciplines, but also managing those buy rates, managing those margins, and seeing what kind of market activity happens in the second half of the year. We have not given up on the concept of growing our EPS in the second half of the year, but again, it will have a lot to do with what happens in the cyclicality and the pricing of the margin on the net revenue side.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, John, and thanks, everybody, again for participating in our second quarter call. This call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.chrobinson.com. That call should be available later this morning. If you have any additional questions, please call me or Adrienne Brausen or email us. We'll be happy to follow up with you as quickly as we can. Thank you, everybody.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Timothy Gagnon – Director, Investor Relations John Wiehoff – Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Andrew Clarke – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts:
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson First Quarter 2016 Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today's presentation, Tim Gagnon will facilitate a review of previously submitted questions. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, April 27, 2016. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Gagnon, the Director of Investor Relations.
Timothy Gagnon: Thank you, Rachelle, and good morning, everybody. On our call this morning will be John Wiehoff, the Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Clarke, our Chief Financial Officer. John and Andy will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our first quarter and we'll follow that with a response to the pre-submitted questions we received after our earnings release yesterday. Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate the discussions. The slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is located at chrobinson.com. John and Andy will be referring to these slides in their prepared comments. I'd like to remind you that comments made by John, Andy or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from managements' expectations. With that, I'll turn it over to John to begin his prepared comments on slide three with a review of our first quarter results.
John Wiehoff: Okay. Thank you, Tim. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for taking the time to listen to our Q1 call. I want to start my prepared comments by talking a little bit about Freightquote. As you may recall, that acquisition was completed on January 1 of 2015, so last year during our quarterly earnings calls we were continuously highlighting the impact of Freightquote and making certain that the impact of that material acquisition was understood. As of January 1 of 2016, we've lapped a full year comparison of Freightquote so the results and the schedules that we'll be walking through today represent purely organic growth and comparisons year-over-year that include Freightquote. Again, as you may recall, our plan is that we're managing Freightquote as a separate brand within the C.H. Robinson LTL business so that we will continue to reference Freightquote and Freightquote results, but they are included in our overall LTL performance. When Andy gets to that, you'll also see that our overall LTL performance has been good and that one of the things that we do pride ourselves in and try to stay focused on is when we complete acquisitions like that that both our legacy business as well as the new business improves and continues to grow at an acceptable rate. So we continue to feel very positive about the Freightquote acquisition. It'll get a little less visibility just because the lapping of the year, but we feel very positive about that investment and now incorporating it into our LTL business. So with that, back to slide three and looking at our overall results for Q1 of 2016, our total revenues declined to 6.9% to just a little over $3 billion. The headlines and the total revenues are the decline in fuel prices as well as the decline in the pricing of most of our services, which we'll walk through by area. Total net revenues for the quarter increased 7.3%. The story there is while there were price decreases we did have volume increases in most of our services as well as margin expansion, which we'll talk quite a bit about. Income from operations for the quarter: $198.9 million or an increase of 9.4% over last year. You can see down below in the metrics our average head count for the quarter increased 5.5% over the year as well, too. When we think about our business from a headline standpoint, we are investing in talent but we also feel very good about the productivity levels and the efficiency levels that we're operating at. We also had very good expense management in the quarter that Andy will talk through as well, too. So you see income from operations growing faster than net revenue, which is our hope. From an earnings per share standpoint, $0.83 for the quarter compared to $0.73 last year or a 13.7% increase and that also goes with the weighted average shares below that to a decrease of 2% or 143 million shares outstanding. As has been our plan for a while, we continue to invest in share repurchases and capital management strategies that have helped us achieve our plan of growing our EPS slightly faster than our net income or income from operations, which did happen again in this quarter. So those are kind of the headline financial metrics for the quarter overall. We feel very good about them. Our business continues to perform very well and our team is engaged and doing a great job across our network. So that's a positive thing and we feel very good about the overall results. In terms of I guess the other headline before I turn it over to Andy, obviously, you'll see and had a lot of discussion over the past few quarters that we are now two years or eight consecutive quarters into overall transportation margin expansion. We'll try to help you understand kind of by area where that's happening and what our thoughts are. Again, it gets very difficult to predict the market conditions and where those things might go, but we definitely have had a nice run of margin expansion and favorable margin conditions where that has helped our net revenue growth and our results. As we've talked for decades, we view it as our primary job to really help our customers and carrier partners understand the market conditions and manage through those cycles with the right level of execution and service performance, and we continue to feel very good about how we're positioned with that. So those are the overall financial metrics and headline messages that I would share with you. And with that, I'll turn it over to Andy to walk through our results by service area.
Andrew Clarke: Thank you, John, and thank you all for listening in. Before I get into the detailed results, I would like to follow-up on John's comments and commend the Robinson team. Our network continues to perform at a high level serving both customers and suppliers. The great results are what happens when talented people work together. In 2016, we've had many customer awards recognizing our performance as a top logistics provider to prominent companies like Wal-Mart, Coke, Dollar General, Ocean Spray, Home Shopping Network and Brose North America. These awards are a great example of how our team is adding value with the customers. The macro environment remains sluggish. Despite that, we were able to grow our volumes in nearly all services in the first quarter. We will maintain our focus on profitably taking market share in this softer environment. The market conditions in the second quarter remained pretty consistent with what we saw in the first quarter. And now on to slide four and our transportation results. Transportation net revenue increased 7.9% to $534 million in the quarter. The drivers for this increase were truckload, less-than-truckload, global forwarding and managed services. First quarter transportation net revenue margin increased 290 basis points to 19.7%. The breakout of the various factors for this change in margin were fuel, which represented an approximate 90 basis point impact; lower purchased transportation cost in truckload represented approximately 130 basis points; and the impact of higher-margin businesses in global forwarding and managed services represented the remaining increase. The first quarter is continued evidence of the cyclicality of our industry. The market has had some swings in purchased transportation costs and customer pricing over the past couple of years and, while it is always difficult to predict what lies ahead, we know that the comparisons from last year get more challenging as the year goes on. To our truckload results on slide five, we had another good quarter in our truckload business, growing net revenues 7.8% and North American truckload volume increasing 4% in the quarter. In North America, the line haul price per mile to our customers, excluding the impact of fuel, was down 5% on a year-over-year basis, while the cost paid to carriers decreased approximately 7%. Similar to the fourth quarter, we continued to see weak spot market pricing when compared to the first quarter of 2015. For the last three quarters, the price to shippers and the price to carriers has been down on a year-over-year basis. Our volume growth in the quarter came from our contractual business, which was up double digits. However, as you would expect, transactional volume was down double digits on a year-over-year basis. The spot market environment was tepid in the latter part of March and that trend has continued during the first few weeks of April. We have received a lot of questions from investors about bid activity. Our bid activity increased on a year-over-year basis in both the fourth quarter of 2015 as well as the first quarter of 2016. We have seen that bid activity normalize here in the second quarter, and we expect that we will see a more typical cadence for the remainder of the year. It is difficult to quantify the year-over-year variance in the bid outcomes, but we believe that the results of our recent bid awards has pricing flat to down slightly versus last year's pricing in our contractual awards. Our Carrier Services team and people in the network had another great quarter, adding new carriers to C.H. Robinson. We added over 2,600 new carriers in the first quarter and those carriers moved approximately 17,000 loads. We also continue to see big increases in our connectivity with these carrier base as we surpassed 50% in automated updates with carriers for the first time during the quarter. Moving to slide six and the less-than-truckload results, as John mentioned, we continue to be very happy with the results in our less-than-truckload business, with net revenues increasing 6.9% and volumes increasing 10%. The LTL business continues to perform well and the addition of Freightquote is helping us win more often in the smaller shipper segment. Customer pricing remained flat in the quarter and the results of bid pricing in our contractual business is a bit stronger than in the truckload segment, as we are seeing low-single-digit increases in contractual bid responses. We continue to build on our industry-leading position as the largest third-party provider of LTL services in North America and that value proposition is winning across all verticals. Transitioning to our intermodal slide results on page seven, intermodal net revenue increased – decreased, pardon me, 11.9% in the first quarter with volumes down 13%. Results have been challenging for the past several quarters as market conditions have lessened the demand for rail services amongst our customer portfolio. We had approximately 2,000 customers in our intermodal business in this year's first quarter as compared to nearly 2,500 last year. Most of these lost customers were transactional shippers, as our business with our larger customers remained steady. Transitioning to slide eight, we had a strong first quarter in the global forwarding business. Net revenue increased 8.3% for the combined services. Ocean net revenues increased 16.9% with volumes increasing approximately 8%. Air net revenues declined 10.8% as a result of significantly lower pricing versus last year's first quarter. However, we had strong volume growth in air with a 13% increase in our shipment count. Customs net revenue increased 4.5% in the quarter. We continue to see good results from our cross-selling efforts between global forwarding and surface transportation services and are seeing an increasing number of opportunities to leverage our full portfolio to assist our customers with their global supply chains. We have talked a lot over the past couple of years about the successful integration of Phoenix International and the strength of our larger business. We are operating in one global system, allowing us to focus on growth and efficiency. All global forwarding regions and services are now profitable, and we continue to be recognized by our customers for our services. Our Global Forwarding team is well positioned to continue to build on these great results. Moving on to other logistic services on slide nine. The services in this group include transportation management services, warehousing, parcel and small package. Net revenues increased 21.4% in the first quarter of 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. Managed services, primarily our TMS offering, branded TMC, performed extremely well with strong net revenue growth being the primary driver of the first quarter increase. In the first quarter, we implemented the North American phase of the TMC global control tower from Microsoft. We have already implemented in Vietnam, China, Brazil, Europe and Latin America. Our technology platform will support all of their modes of transport for all regions around the world. The Managed Services pipeline continues to expand rapidly, and we expect this service to continue to grow nicely throughout the year. Transitioning to our sourcing business on slide 10, our sourcing net revenues decreased 2.3% in the first quarter, while case volume grew 8.4%. The decrease in our sourcing net revenues was primarily driven by the adverse effects of heavy rains in Florida, impacting the vegetable crops, which is a high volume and key category for us. This is a category where a high percentage of our business is contracted, and we had to source produce from the West Coast to offset the lost crops, and we had a much higher cost of goods for that West Coast product. We don't expect this issue to carry forward into the second quarter. So that's a look at the performance in our various services for the quarter, I will now transition to slide 11 and our summarized income statement. Income from operations increased 9.4% in the first quarter and as a percent of net revenues was 35.3%, up 70 basis points from last year's first quarter. For the seventh quarter in a row, we've been able to grow net revenue in excess of expenses. Personnel expenses were up 8.8% in the quarter. The increase in personnel expenses was driven primarily by a 5.6% increase in head count and an additional payroll tax expense in the first quarter of 2016 of approximately $2.6 million. This expense is related to the delivery of previously vested restricted equity awards and is a one-time event for the year. A good portion of our personnel expenses continue to be variable based on the financial performance of our businesses. Other SG&A expense decreased 1.3%. This decrease was driven by a lower provision for bad debt as a result of lower receivables in the first quarter of 2016. This decrease was partially offset by an increase in travel expenses. Moving to slide 12 and other financial information, we had another very strong cash flow quarter, generating just over $104 million in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $17.8 million in the first quarter. This increase compared to last year as a result of costs associated with the building of our second data center. We expect capital expenditures for 2016 to be between $60 million and $80 million, with the majority of that going to the data center and technology. We finished the quarter with $970 million in debt and just under $180 million in cash. And finally, before turning it back to John, on slide 13 and our capital distribution to shareholders. We returned approximately $117 million to shareholders in the quarter, with approximately $64 million coming in the form of dividends, approximately $21 million coming in the form of share repurchases, and we also had shares withheld upon delivery of previously vested restricted equity that totaled approximately $32 million. Again, thank you to everyone at Robinson for a solid first quarter and thank you all as well for listening in. With that, I'll turn it back to John to make some closing comments.
John Wiehoff: Okay. With regards to wrap-up comments on slide 14, you can see our bullet points there and kind of sticking to form on past calls, what we want to do is just really share what we're seeing currently in the marketplace as well as where we're investing and what's on our minds with regards to our company and how we're approaching the marketplace. The first bullet point, our April-to-date total company net revenue growth rate per day is approximately 6% when compared to April last year. Andy commented that the end of March or in April we continued to see some softening in demand in the marketplace, and you see that in our overall net revenue growth in April that the demand in the marketplace remains fairly soft. The North American truckload volume growth thus far in April is around 2% compared to the 4% in the first quarter of 2016. With regards to the second bullet point, again, I've already mentioned the contractual bid activity. It's normal activity for us that in the fourth quarter and first quarter of any typical year that we would see some elevated level of activity. As Andy mentioned, that activity was more robust than normal. It would be very expected in a softening market the price declines that we referenced that you would see increased bid activity by shippers. That's normal behavior in a softening market. We do believe the lion's share of that has passed and that bid activity is at more normal seasonal levels when we come into the second quarter of 2016. Kind of tying into that bullet point three, the North American truck market continues to have a high level of available capacity. We have – currently continue to see a soft market with a lot of available truckload capacity and that's the continuation of the business trends that Andy described with pricing moving down and the cost of hire decreasing with that. So that's what we're seeing from a current marketplace standpoint. There's a few more questions that we'll get into that will expand on some of that. But before we jump to the Q&A session, I would like to just talk about strategy update and our investment priorities that we continue to focus on at Robinson. People, process and technology is the phrase and the line that we've used for many decades around how we think about our business and just want to reiterate that we continue to think that is absolutely what drives the competitive advantage and success of our business. From a people standpoint, as I mentioned in the opening comments, we are hiring, we are continuing to invest in our network, and we continue to believe that our team of people at Robinson is a very important competitive advantage and will be our number one priority. From a process standpoint, we have a lot of initiatives across the company around business process improvement, network transformation, how we share freight, how we consolidate, deconsolidate, a lot of those things are supporting some of the growth numbers that Andy walked us through, and that will continue to be part of our approach to innovation and how we look at improving things for both our shipper and carrier partners and how we're working in the marketplace. Technology, our Navisphere technology platform, that one global instance of how we go to market and how we provide our services and integrate them where appropriate, again, continues to be something that we believe is a competitive advantage and that we're spending significant amounts of money to continue to enhance. There's some questions that get a little more specific around where we're investing in the technology area and what we're doing, so I won't go into that now, but again, just important to understand that that approach to being an asset-free, high-return-on-invested capital, people, process and technology-focused business is as alive as it has ever been at Robinson, and we believe it's working and will continue to drive our success in the future. Bullet point two, expanding and optimizing our global network. While we're proud of our global footprint and it's changing every day, we also acknowledge that it's a significant growth opportunity for us to expand in parts of the world where we don't currently have a presence in our network today. We do have plans to open offices in Europe and Asia that will expand our geographic footprint. There are other parts of the world where we don't have a presence and work through agents that we think we can continue to grow, as well as optimizing. When we talk about expanding and optimizing, it's hitting on both the growth and efficiency part of how we think about our network that, as proud as we are on how we can execute, we have a long list of opportunities that we think we can optimize our global network and continue to improve the outcomes for our business partners as well as our results. So expanding and optimizing our global network continues to be a strategic imperative that we think has a lot of upside in it to continue to both grow our business and make it more effective. And lastly, select M&A opportunities. You've heard us talk before about our plan and our approach to the marketplace is to aggressively look at M&A opportunities, but to have what we consider a very high filter in terms of the business model fit and the cultural compatibility of the types of organizations that we want to add to the Robinson network. We're carrying on with that approach, and we continue to feel that we will be able to add value in the future by finding the right selective M&A deals that come to us with the right level of compatibility and fit into our network. So those are the sort of top-of-mind thoughts around the strategic imperatives that we're working on and what we're seeing currently in the marketplace to wrap things up. So I'll finish there with just one more time reiterating that we're very happy with the results. We're happy with the execution of the team, and we'll now move to the Q&A portion of the earnings call.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, John. And before we get started, I'd just like to thank the many analysts and investors for taking the time to submit great questions. We'll do our best to get to as many of the topics as we can. I'll frame up the questions as they were submitted and turn it over to John and Andy for their response. With that, I'll get right into it here.
Q - Timothy Gagnon: And the first question is for Andy. Could you explain the comment in your presentation, contractual bid activity has normalized in the early part of the second quarter?
Andrew Clarke: Yeah, certainly in the fourth quarter of 2015 as well as the first quarter of this year, we experienced an increase in the number of bids in which we participated. In Q1, for example, that bid rate was nearly double what we had seen in the previous year's first quarter. In the second quarter, it's returned to normalcy. So we're obviously participating in more bids on a year-over-year basis as our people out or selling and taking market share. So it's not that the bids – we're continuing to grow the amount, it's just the rate in which they had increased in the – versus the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter of this year is more normalized to a normal rate of increase.
Timothy Gagnon: Thank you, Andy. Next question for John. Given your visibility across both domestic and international freight brokerage markets, would you describe one channel's bid activity to be more aggressive or intense than the other?
John Wiehoff: As we commented earlier with declining prices, it's a normal response that shippers would be a little more aggressive in their bid activity, and so we do see elevated levels from our standpoint across virtually all of our services. I would say that the elevated activity in the North America truckload space is slightly more significant or intense than what we see in some of the other services, with LTL and global forwarding being, again, elevated because of price declines and market opportunities that it would make sense for shippers to elevate those activities. But North American truckload, given our market position and significance, is where we saw the biggest increase.
Timothy Gagnon: Thank you, John. Next question for Andy. What is your expected tax rate for the full year?
Andrew Clarke: We expect our tax rate to be between 37.5% and 38% for the year. In the past, that rate has fluctuated for various reasons and to a certain degree that will continue, although it will be at a lower level going forward than in the past. During the first quarter of this year, the company made an APB 23 assertion and, as a result, any earnings outside the U.S. incur local country taxes, but unless and until the earnings are repatriated to the U.S., we won't pay the U.S. tax rate on that. The good news is our operations outside the United States have and continue to perform well, and we want to thank our more than 2,800 international employees for their hard work and efforts.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. Your business seems to be more contractual than it was five or 10 years ago, back when you had more transactional business. It seems you could do well in all types of market cycles. Can you talk about how the North America business reacts to different types of markets now that you have a much higher share of contract business?
John Wiehoff: I think this is a really important question in terms of understanding how our business has evolved over time and how it may likely perform in future marketplaces or cycles. As most of you who are familiar with us know, that if you go back a decade or more into the past that we were very focused on transactional brokerage services and approaching the market with very fluid activity around changing prices and changing volume activity in the marketplace. Over the last decade-plus, it's been longer than that, but for sure in the last decade, one of the longer-term trends in our business is a much greater concentration of committed or contractual freight commitments with our customers. We've talked in the past about each customer's contracting process and the definition of committed freight, contracted freight, awarded freight, a lot of the terminology that you would use to display the success of results in those bids. The challenge in it is that there's variances and nuances to all of them. I think it is useful to aggregate the concept and talk about our universe of contracted freight, and it clearly has increased over the last decade, where going from being a small percentage of our business more than a decade ago to today, the best that we can quantify it is somewhere north of 50%, probably closer to 60% or 65% of our activity that we're moving in Q1 of 2016 was under some sort of a contracted price arrangement or bid result that we've worked with our large shippers. It is true that in the past, along the lines of the question, that we worried a little bit less about what was happening in the freight cycles and the expansion and contraction of the pricing because in a more transactional world, we could just plan on aggressively selling and taking market share to get that transactional freight and kind of grow through all cycles. As we have become more concentrated in committed and contracted freight and as we've become a much larger entity with $13 billion of revenue rather than $1 billion or $2 billion of revenue, mixing that in with the changing market conditions where we have an economy that's less robust and shippers who are managing their supply chains a lot different than they maybe were a decade ago with regards to their tolerance for expedited charges or transactional premiums and probably managing their inventories much more aggressively today than they were a decade-plus ago, and then mixing in just the impact of technology in the competitive landscape, yeah, there is a difference, I think, in terms of how Robinson will perform in different cycles. There were a lot of questions around what happens when the market starts to tighten and our contractual commitments potentially create more margin pressure for us when the cost of hire starts to increase and it can take a while to pass through those contractual commitments. In the current environment, what that would mean is that we have a higher percentage, a higher concentration of committed relationships that we're going to have to work through and reprice, and there could be some delay with that. And at times the transactional market just hasn't been as robust as it has in the past. So who knows? Each market seems to be a little bit unique and a little bit different. And like I said, there's a million little nuances and variances around each of these relationships. But I do think as you think forward and analyze our results that is an important part of understanding our go to market and our current mix of business and how those results might happen.
Timothy Gagnon: Thank you, John. Next question for Andy. Head count was plus 5.5% year-over-year in the first quarter, how are you expecting this metric to trend as you move throughout 2016? Do you continue to expect net revenue growth to outpace operating expense growth in 2016?
Andrew Clarke: Yeah, as John mentioned in his remarks, we have and will continue to invest in talent at Robinson. It's core to who we are and what we do. I would expect the head count rate of growth to somewhat moderate as we go through the remainder of the year. But we talk a lot about people, process, technology, and I'll cite a very specific example of why we've invested – have and continue to invest in talented people. So we mentioned Microsoft and our ability to manage their global supply chain. So it requires a state-of-the-art global technology platform, which we've made a lot of great investments in, and we continue to hire IT people to not only program that but enhance that. And then you take and marry that up with really talented logistics professionals, not just based here in North America but based throughout the world that are managing one of the largest technology's global supply chain. And so like maybe also to answer another question around the urbanization, all the technology that goes into that, you have a technology company that is very clearly saying that we value your technology, but we also value the talent and the people that you have in the processes that you run to help us manage our global supply chain across all modes, across all regions. As to – as I mentioned earlier, for seven quarters in a row we've been able to grow net revenue in excess of our operating expenses. And clearly a portion of that is driven by the fact that our compensation, personnel expenses, there's a good portion of that that's variable. So we're rewarded on a variable basis for the performance of the business. So I would excite it doesn't always work out that way, but all of us are focused, every person in this company is focused on growing net revenues in excess of operating expenses.
Timothy Gagnon: Thank you, Andy. Next question for John. We appreciate the commentary around April net revenue growth year-over-year on a daily basis. Can you remind us what your monthly net revenue growth per day was organically in 2015?
John Wiehoff: So as you look back at last year's information, remember that Freightquote activity was included in that. So I believe we talked about total company net revenue growth of 7% and then followed on with kind of mid-double digits, more 15% growth for May and June as the quarter wore on. Taking out the estimated impacts of Freightquote, it was something more like flattish in the early part of April and then kind of the 7% to 8% range for the rest of the quarter. So you can look at that two ways, I guess, in terms of last April on an organic basis being an easier comparison or you can look at it as last year, April started out weak and May and June improved quite a bit as well, too. It gets challenging. We think – we want to share what we know and we want to share what's in our mind, but in a mid-month like this when you have Easter variables and a lot of normalization and a lot of different market things in there, it's tough to read too much into that, but for now at least we do know that the market is soft and April started off slow.
Timothy Gagnon: Thank you, John. Next question for Andy. The ocean forwarding business seemed to have a strong quarter, especially given the difficult year-over-year comparisons from the West Coast port congestion and the challenging global ocean freight market dynamics. Can you talk about what you're seeing in the market from a rate and volume standpoint? And have you experienced any customer pushback on rates, given the depressed underlying market rate?
Andrew Clarke: Yeah, absolutely. The Global Forwarding team is doing a great job. We talk a lot about the success of the Phoenix acquisition and how deliberate and thoughtful we've been over the last three years on working on the integration. We're on one platform, one system. We're able to give the customers that visibility throughout the entire supply chain. So we're really happy, and we think the results support what we've been doing. We continue to aggressively grow volume and margin, particularly with new customer wins, and that's flat-out taking market share because our business with our existing customers is flat. Some of that new customer wins are the result of cross-selling. We talk a lot about that, talk a lot about the success of global forwarding to surface transportation and service transportation to global forwarding. So we're really pleased with the work that we're doing there, but part of it is also just the Global Forwarding team going out and sourcing new business across the globe. So yeah, it has been a very challenging pricing environment in the ocean side, quite frankly as well as the air. But the team is highly motivated, highly energized and being very successful in going out there and growing the business. And to the question around: are we needing to – yeah, the fact of the matter is rates are down so – and they're volatile. So we're quoting rates to remain competitive in that marketplace.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. The other logistics segment continues to expand. Do you see shippers' desire for help in managing more complex supply chains sustainable? How does this revenue stream help your other areas of the business?
John Wiehoff: As Andy commented earlier, we definitely see a sustainable opportunity to continue to grow those services and expand our presence with them in the marketplace. It's one of the areas of the business that we're very excited about. The pipeline looks very good and we think we have a lot of upside there. The customer contracts and relationships are also longer term than in the freight business, so that gives us kind of greater assurance, too, that it's sustainable from that standpoint. It's a good add-on to ask how this revenue stream helps the other areas of the business because to some degree a lot of those services are premised around independence, that we are creating firewalls and separating information and providing a lot of those other logistic services with complete independence from any provider, including the Robinson freight networks. However, when you think about Robinson expanding its relationships and services around more complex supply chain perspectives, it's important from a number of reasons. One, our technology solution really encompasses the capabilities to do a lot of things. So it just, it really helps broaden our minds and our cultural – our capabilities around execution. Beyond that, there's a very important cultural thing, too, that when you strengthen your relationships and your trust level with customers and you understand their supply chain challenges and are able to look at their business more holistically, it absolutely helps you be a more intelligent provider and helps you to bid more intelligently on independent opportunities. An example being if a customer has significant inventory management initiatives and we're working with them from a supply chain standpoint to really better understand their movements and their inventory levels, we also know that on the freight side there probably are opportunities around consolidation and deconsolidation that while separately priced and executed are an important part of achieving some of those strategies. So it's part of a cultural thing of expanding our mindset, expanding our account manager's capabilities, expanding our technology platform and from a go-to market standpoint, very often the services are very independent in terms of how they're priced and achieved.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. The LTL segment continues to do well. What is behind the strength? Is it sustainable? Does this play into areas of consolidation/deconsolidation that would benefit from e-commerce?
Andrew Clarke: Yeah, here's another part of our business that continues to just do a wonderful job. We're the number one LTL 3PL and have been so for quite some time. So the short answer is yeah. It has been and will continue to be – we believe it's sustainable. We've talked often that our non-asset-based strategy benefits both the carriers and the customers and, much like my previous comments on global forwarding, we believe that our results validate our strategy. John had talked about the addition of the freight quote team of – it's been great. They have tremendous talent down there and while their primary focus is a small and micro shipper, that team has the ability to scale and serve any customer of any size. So we think being the number one 3PL, being on asset base validates the strategy because it benefits both carriers and it benefits the shippers. We – that e-commerce phase is growing obviously at a very rapid pace and we're participating in it and we're helping our customers consolidate their freight. We're helping them move it in and out of LTL networks, so we think that we can help them and we're going to benefit from it.
Timothy Gagnon: Thank you, Andy. Next question for John. From 2002 through last year, your transportation net margin has shrunk on average 127 basis points from Q1 to Q2, although it rose in Q2 2014 and 2015. Would you expect the transport gross margin to contract 90 to 125 basis points or some range of contraction?
John Wiehoff: It's very useful to look at the historic margins and trends and try to learn from them. It gets more and more dangerous to try to describe what's normal or typical or expect to happen. From a long-term perspective, a typical pattern in our transportation business was that years would begin in January and February with a lot less demand and greater margins in the marketplace and then as the spring season would come, particularly with our concentration in produce and a lot of activity ramping up, that we often talked in the past about how it would be normal that margins would compress a little bit moving into the spring and comparing to kind of softer January/February seasons. Over the past several years, there's been a lot of change in the marketplace that we've talked about. A lot of change in the mix of our business around the length of haul, changes in fuel prices, some of the things that Andy highlighted that can have a pretty important impact on those margins. And then add to that some of the weather impacts that we've seen over the last couple of years where there's been a pretty material movement on the market. So it's all that that kind of makes us nervous to kind of forecast or guide to where we think margins are going to go. But there is an element of the freight that does have some kind of normal downward pressure on it from Q1 to Q2 just around seasonality.
Timothy Gagnon: Thank you, John. Next question for Andy about M&A. How would you characterize the M&A environment recently? Has the valuation volatility among public companies slowed the market down at all? Can you share with us which geographic or modal market is providing the most attractive opportunities currently?
Andrew Clarke: Yeah, let me start off by just reiterating what we've stated and, quite frankly, what we've executed on in the past which is we look to deploy capital in ways that create long-term and sustainable shareholder value. The filters we use to evaluate deals are pretty rigorous and, as a result, we end up passing on a pretty high percentage of them. The areas that we look to continue to invest in are ones where we think combining companies and cultures makes sense: global forwarding, Europe, managed services, all present interesting opportunities. But let's not forget about the opportunities that are available in North American service transportation. So yeah, we're looking at all those areas. We have a particular focus. But really, our filters that we deploy are pretty rigorous. And I guess I would follow-up and use John's words to describe the M&A environment, which is it's selective. And we think that it actually mirrors kind of our philosophy that there are still good buyers, there are still quality buyers and sellers out there, but both are being more selective. And maybe that's a result of recent market discipline among companies that have been making acquisitions and making sure. I think the market is saying let's make sure you have the right strategy and are able to effectively integrate those deals. And clearly, if you look at what we've done since 2012 with both Phoenix, with Freightquote and the like, we've had a pretty successful track record of doing that.
Timothy Gagnon: Thank you, Andy. The next question for John on the intermodal business. What are your growth expectations relative to the market overall on the intermodal side? Is there anything company-specific that you are doing to help drive growth and/or net margin in that segment after a few challenging quarters?
John Wiehoff: To understand our growth expectations and our view on our intermodal business, it's important to go back to what Andy talked about that we have historically and still today in intermodal are largely a transactional provider, much like we were a while back on the truckload side of it. Our focus, as we've often talked about, is with the multi-modal shipper where freight moves between truck and rail opportunities. And our primary go-to-market strategy has been to make sure that those customers that want to and are able to take advantage of intermodal savings and service offerings that we're exposing that to them and making sure that our customers are getting the benefit of a multi-modal approach. We feel like we're very good at that and we've executed on it well over the years and have become a very significant transactional intermodal provider in the network. We work with our rail partners to adjust to the market conditions and help them go after market share when they want to do that. And we sacrifice market share when pricing and market conditions dictate that it should go back the other way. So we feel good about kind of that core offering that we've been doing for several decades. The limitation with that obviously is that a high percentage of the intermodal freight that moves on the rails is more committed or more contractual freight, and we've acknowledged in the past that we are sub-scale on some of that and without our own dedicated asset commitments and contractual pricing for some of the line haul services, there are situations where we're not competitive on some of the more committed or contractual activities. We have been for several years and we will continue going forward to try to strengthen our presence in committed or contracted relationships by investing in limited amounts of assets where that's appropriate, by partnering with our rails to make sure that they understand and want the types of opportunities that we're bringing to them, and by continuing to enhance our Navisphere system to make sure that it provides value to shippers and that we can continue very high service levels regardless of what type of intermodal freight we're working on. So we do have plans to continue to diversify our presence in intermodal. We are open to investments or acquisitions, as we've said many times in the past. But it sort of comes down from the standpoint of if we're going to experience these ups and downs in our growth rate as long as we're primarily a transactional provider, and we do need to continue to focus on a broader presence with more committed relationships. We had a little bit of success with that the last few years. You don't see it over the last couple of quarters because of the significant changes in the transactional marketplace, but we do have some optimism about what we think we can achieve in the future there.
Timothy Gagnon: Thank you, John. Next question for Andy. In order to drive the long-term growth profile of the company, it seems other service offerings would have to grow faster at a sustainable rate. What is the opportunity to sustain some of the recent wins in international freight forwarding or expand the service to Europe? Are there other service areas that might be underappreciated today, regarding their potential growth profile over the next five years?
Andrew Clarke: Yeah, first let me just say that we're really pleased with the long-term growth profile of all of our businesses. We think we're playing in the right spaces to take advantage of trade, both global and local and outsourcing. But second, let me say that the leadership teams that we have in each of these areas are exceptional. They and their people do a great job of serving existing customers and winning new business. Yeah, I mean, the short answer is we can sustain this. I mean, the Global Forwarding team has continued to show growth. We're pleased with the work that – and I'll get into it a little bit, the managed services, so these wins, we believe, are sustainable. As far as areas that are underappreciated, I would have to say one, our growing international presence. I mentioned that over 2,800 people that we have based outside of the United States, with particular note towards the teams in Europe, Asia, Mexico are just doing a great job. And finally, as I alluded to with the Microsoft example, our managed services business. TMC has been growing at double digits for some time and their new customer wins and committed pipeline is actually quite impressive. You talk about the world’s largest – one of the world's largest technology companies selects your people, your process, your technology to manage the global supply chain. I think it's a statement of the power of that business. And we think you look out over the next five years, we're pleased with all of the businesses. We're pleased with our North American service Trans. We think obviously it's a big and expanding market. The work that we're doing in Europe is going to show a lot more. Asia, Mexico, Central America, South America as well as our managed services business are all going to be a little more highlighted as well as global forwarding.
Timothy Gagnon: Thank you, Andy. Next question for John on ELDs. You mentioned on the last call that shippers realize that regulations such as ELDs that'll drive up the transportation costs later in the year. Do you still think that's the case, or has the loose capacity, tepid demand environment pushed the expected rate increases into 2017, at least as it relates to ELDs?
John Wiehoff: So what we've talked about in the past is the fact that over the last six or seven years there's been a variety of regulatory changes around safety requirements, hours of service and ELDs sort of being the latest regulation coming through that either limits the productivity or the available capacity or in this case, particularly, drives some cost increase in terms of the cost to serve or cost to execution on the supply side. It has been our view and remains our view that over time all those costs pass through and will normalize and that it's not something that we necessarily fear or think is going to create any sort of permanent material shifts in the landscape of who's competitive or what happens. It does, however, add some pressure around how and when those costs get added, who adds them when, and exactly how and when they get put into the rates. So when you combine the sort of normal capitalistic churn of supply and demand and the fact that carriers are always kind of coming and going in a very fragmented marketplace, yeah, probably the soft market probably adds some pressure to how and when people recover the incremental costs that ELDs will drive over time. And the fact that some carriers have had them for a while and others need to add them, it certainly can – there's some dynamic there that's probably real. But from our standpoint, with each of these cost drivers and regulatory type changes, they're sort of hard to understand and try to quantify the impact when they come, but they all seem to work their way into the marketplace without any major reorganization of what's happening.
Timothy Gagnon: Thank you, John. Next question for Andy. CHRW's leverage ratio remains at lower end of its one to one-and-a-half times debt-to-EBITDA target. How is management thinking about the company's current leverage ratio in light of an uncertain demand outlook and the potential uses of debt capital buybacks and M&A?
Andrew Clarke: Yeah, we're comfortable with our current debt ratio and are comfortable just given the uncertain demand environment of being at the low end of that. We're also comfortable with our stated strategy of returning 90% of our net income in the form of buybacks and dividends. And in fact, the first quarter, between buybacks, dividends and the shares withheld that was 99%, almost 100% of our net income was distributed to our shareholders in the first quarter.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. Outside of the anticipated convergence of costs to your customer and costs paid to carriers, what do you see as the biggest challenge to achieving 5% to 10% growth in your truckload and LTL segments?
John Wiehoff: When we think about the market cycles and the margin contraction and expansion, obviously it's a pretty important topic on these calls because it can add some headwind or tailwind to our earnings growth based upon where we're at in the cycle. I think we've shared in the past that when we analyze that over time, we actually feel very comfortable with our committed relationships on both the shipper side and the carrier side that those increases have been very similar over a longer period of time. They just move at differing rates, which can have an impact. So if you strip that out and just say: hey, what's the longer-term secular challenges around growing market share and expanding the 3PL presence in both truckload and LTL? That comes back to some of our core value-added things that I talked about in my prepared comments. We think when we have better people and better account managers that bring insight into those relationships, when we have a better business process for consolidating and deconsolidating, when we have better analytics, when we have better information and a better system that helps customers manage their freight better and understand their costs and go to market more effectively, those are all things that drive the long-term value. So staying competitive and evolving our competitive advantages in all of those kind of core competency areas are what gives us the confidence and gives us the focus of how we'll continue to take share across both the TL and LTL segment. And at the same time we – like I've mentioned many times on this call, we've got to work through those contraction and expansion cycles on pricing and margins to make sure that we're adapting to market conditions and helping our partners do the same.
Timothy Gagnon: Thank you, John. The next question for Andy. Is the $2.6 million expense rate to the restricted equity delivery expected to recur during the balance of 2016?
Andrew Clarke: No. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, that was a one-time event in the first quarter for 2016. So it won't continue to occur. And just as a refresher, these are from equity awards that were granted years ago that were vesting seven years ago, that were vesting and finally coming due.
Timothy Gagnon: Thank you, Andy. Next question for John. Are you concerned that the truckload pricing currently available to smaller carriers will accelerate the shakeout of the industry even before they have to install ELDs?
John Wiehoff: I think I pretty much addressed this one in one of the previous questions that certainly the timing of these cost increases could impact any carrier's decision around whether they want to stay in the business or exit. I wouldn't say concern is the right level. It's certainly a metric that we monitor and it's relevant to what's happening in the marketplace, but we would kind of throw it into the bucket of normal ebb and flow activity around the economics of adding capacity and how things churn in the marketplace.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy on interest expense. The interest expense of $8.8 million was higher than the $6.5 million we were modeling. Were there other issues like in Q4 2015 when you had an indemnification issue? In Q2 2015 you suggested about $7 million a quarter. Please provide updated thoughts.
Andrew Clarke: Yeah, we expect our quarterly interest expense to be between $6.5 million and $7 million. In the first quarter of this year, what we had was a currency revaluation expense of approximately $1.5 million. And as currencies change, so will this number, although we think it'll be a lot less on a go-forward basis.
Timothy Gagnon: Thank you, Andy. Next question for John. Can you discuss competitive trends? Also, have you seen any impact from new app-based brokerage services?
John Wiehoff: We've commented often about the fact that there are literally thousands of competitors and it remains a very competitive market and the tools and approaches are changing. I don't think there's anything that we're aware of that has meaningfully changed or moved in the last quarter or two, specifically with regards to new competitors that are touting app-based brokerage services. We can't identify anything specific that's going on with that. We do have our own carrier mobile app that we're coming out this year with an enhanced release of, and we think that particularly on status events and updates and maybe more and more on freight offerings, that there are some tools there that will stick in the marketplace and be useful. Obviously, you need to have freight relationships and meaningful customers in order to really utilize those tools and take it to the market, and we think that can be part of our technology evolution that will help us keep our market-leading position. But to-date, we haven't seen any specific competitive impacts that we would credit to that.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, John. And our last question will be for Andy. How sustainable is the benefit from lower bad debt expense? It seems from the slides that that was a big driver of lower total costs during the quarter.
Andrew Clarke: Yeah, well, we think it is sustainable. We've got a really good credit and collections processes in place and, obviously, having high-quality customers, global customers that have a high credit quality has helped us really manage our allowance for doubtful accounts and, quite frankly, our bad debt expense. We think this is a key competitive advantage for us. So it is sustainable.
Timothy Gagnon: Thanks, Andy. And unfortunately, we're out of time. Thank you to everyone for participating in our first quarter of 2016 call. The call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the C.H. Robinson website at www.chrobinson.com. It will be available by dialing 888-203-1112 and entering the passcode 4928630 pound. And that replay will be available at approximately noon Eastern Time today. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to call me, Tim Gagnon, at 952-683-5007 or contact me via e-mail as well. Thank you again, everybody. Have a great day.
Operator: And that will conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Fourth Quarter 2015 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today's presentation, Tim Gagnon will facilitate a review of previously submitted questions. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, February 3, 2016. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Gagnon, the Director of Investor Relations.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. On our call this morning will be John Wiehoff, our Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Clarke, Chief Financial Officer. John and Andy will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our fourth quarter and full year of 2015. And we'll follow that with the response to pre-submitted questions we received after earnings release yesterday. Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate the discussion. The slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is located at chrobinson.com. John and Andy will be referring to these slides in their prepared comments. I'd like to remind you that comments made by John, Andy, or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. With that, I'll turn it over to John to begin his prepared comments on slide three, with a review of our fourth quarter results.
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Tim, and thanks, for everybody taking the time to listen to the call this morning. I'm going to start by highlighting a few of the financial metrics that we look at, and then maybe share a few headline thoughts before turning it over to Andy. In terms of financial metrics, on slide three that Tim referenced, if you look at our total revenues for the quarter, we're down 4.4%, similar to the rest of the year. The total revenues grew at a slower pace, primarily due to the cost of fuel and the reduction of fuel surcharges in our services. In the fourth quarter, we also seen – did see some decline in prices that result in reduced total revenues. Total net revenues increased 13.7% in the quarter. As the slide indicates, 7.3% growth came from our organic growth, while the Freightquote acquisition contributed about 6.5 percentage points to that growth. Income from operations for the quarter was up 14.3%, and net income was up 12%. Earnings per share of $0.88 compared to earnings per share of $0.77 last year. Wanted to share just a couple of comments on the difference between income from operations and net income, and the comment that's noted on slide four about the indemnification asset. When we acquired Phoenix three years ago, there were some uncertain tax positions around the world that we received an indemnification promise from the sellers. The purchase accounting for that is to record indemnification receivable as well as a contingent tax liability for the issues that were uncertain. If those issues are all resolved without any obligations, both the receivable and the contingent liability would come back off the balance sheet without any cash charges or any net impact to earnings. The nuance with the accounting for that is the receivable comes off when the indemnification period ends, and the tax liabilities come off when the statute of limitation passes in all the various countries that they apply to. So, what we saw during the fourth quarter was a $7.1 million indemnification asset write-off that went to other expense, that's the reversal of the receivable that was recorded, which is a non-cash charge. We also saw a portion of the tax liabilities come off the balance sheet as well and reduced the tax provision. And the rest of the tax liabilities will come off in future periods, as those statute of limitations pass. So, a little bit unusual, but it does result in a $7 million other expense charge that, net of those tax liabilities that reversed, did have a negative impact of $0.02 per share on the quarter. That results in a different growth rate in net income compared to income from operations for the quarter. In terms of other financial metrics down on the bottom of that slide, we talk about our team and our head count. We finished the year with 13,159 employees, which represents a little over 14% increase from the previous year. Just under 1,000 of those employees joined us through the Freightquote acquisitions, and the remainder came from organic growth of staffing up our teams across the network. If you look at the year to date results, which is always good to do, because we do have a fair amount of incentive contracts and other things that apply on an annual basis still, we did complete 2015 with year to date results that reflected 15% EPS growth. That represents our second year of 15% EPS growth, and something that we're very proud of. If you look at – almost all of the year to date financial metrics represent records in terms of size and scale of Robinson. And we're proud of our performance. And Robinson is a bigger and stronger business today, in just about every financial metric that you can look at. I want to take this moment to thank the Robinson team. We've had to adapt and change a lot to a changing marketplace and a changing industry over the last several years, and we're doing that, and we feel very good about the strength of our team and the results that we achieved in 2015. So, those are the financial metrics that I'll highlight. Just a few other headline thoughts, again, before I turn it over to Andy. I mentioned Freightquote already. Once in the last few quarters, we've talked about that. As a reminder, we closed that acquisition on January 1st of 2015, so this will be the last quarter, where Freightquote's inclusion will be highlighted. We've been doing that simply to be transparent around the impact of those acquired revenues, and the acquired impacts of Freightquote. But we're very pleased with that acquisition. Similar to what we said in previous quarters, we're happy with what we've achieved there. We have a little bit more work to do in terms of integrating the business and going forward, but year one was a success. And, hopefully, the impact of Freightquote to our financials has been clear throughout the year. The other thought that I would share is with regards to pricing. When you look through the deck, and Andy gives the comments on our various services, you'll see a lot of down arrows on pricing. We talked in our last call about softening markets and softening pricing, and I don't think it's any surprise to anyone that over the last quarter, pretty much in all of our services that demand has been softening, and that has resulted in price declines. We've talked a lot – if you look at the last couple of years now, 2014 and 2015, last year, we had some pretty meaningful price increases in all of our services, particularly, in the truckload area. And now, this year, we're seeing a more typical cycling or turning-down of some of those prices. That's an important change that we have to adapt to, and we'll do the best we can to give you our color on kind of what we're seeing in the market and how we adjust our business to do that. But as a reminder, we really think of our value creation in the long term around taking market share and helping our customers and suppliers adapt to those changing market conditions. So, while it is a pretty relevant change to what's going on in the market, it's nothing that we haven't experienced before and is part of how we think we can add value to the marketplace in a declining price market. So, I'll stop there with those headline thoughts and turn it over to Andy to walk you through the deck of our financials.
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, John. I also want to echo your comments about our fourth quarter and full year. 2015 was a great year for Robinson, and our people are and should be very proud of these results. While it was a different transportation market than 2014, our global network continues to prove that we can provide excellent service to our customers and deliver strong results for our shareholders in any condition. This industry continues to change and evolve and will do so at an increasing pace in the years to come. We like that, because we have been disrupting and innovating for years. Today, approximately 72% of our customer shipments originate from either an electronic or digital transaction or is web or mobile-based. We have connections with well over 150,000 organizations and execute over 5 million web or mobile interactions a month with customers and carriers. These customers and carriers rely on us to lead, and that is exactly what we are doing, and I think these results reflect that. So, I will start my review of the detailed result on slide four with our transportation. Transportation net revenues increased 13.8% to $544 million in the quarter. We finished the full year with a 13.5% net revenue growth, driven in part by our 14% growth in global shipment count to approximately 17 million shipments in 2015. Fourth quarter transportation net revenue margin increased 310 basis points from 2014's fourth quarter to 19%. From historical perspective, it is our best net revenue margin quarter since Q4 2008. This increase was a result of the impact of lower transportation costs in most of the transportation modes, including the decrease in fuel prices when compared to the fourth quarter of 2014. The chart in this page shows our transportation net revenue margin for the past 10 years, representing multiple economic and industry cycles. It is a combination of our people, process, and technology that produced these best-in-class results on a consistent and sustainable basis. Moving on to slide five and our truckload results. We had another strong quarter in our truckload business, growing net revenues by 13.4%. Organic net revenue increased approximately 10%, while Freightquote added approximately 3.5% to the net revenues in the quarter. Truckload volume increased 5%, with organic volume of approximately 2%, and Freightquote adding approximately 3%. By comparison, Cass volumes were down approximately 2.5% in the fourth quarter. We feel good about our ability to profitably grow volumes and take market share. In fact, we've done that for 26 consecutive quarters. In North America, the linehaul price per mile to our customers, excluding the impact of fuel, was down 3% on a year-over-year basis, while the cost paid to carriers decreased approximately 5%. From historical perspective, since 2008, the average increase in pricing to customers has been 2.5%. During that same eight-year period, the price paid to carriers has risen 2.5%. There has been and probably always will be short-term volatility between these two numbers, but over a longer period of time, they tend to converge. In real time, we are seeing the pricing in the spot market have a larger impact on changes in overall pricing than in the previous quarters in the year. Our volume growth in the quarter, and for most of the year in 2015, came from our committed business, with transactional volume down on a year-over-year basis, as you would expect. The demand environment in the second half of 2015 was softer than in the first half when compared to 2014. Thus far, in 2016, our volume growth is similar to what we saw in the second half of 2015. John will talk more about that in his closing comments. Moving on to slide six and the less-than-truckload results. Our LTL net revenues increased 41.4%, with organic net revenues increasing approximately 9% and Freightquote contributing approximately 32% in the fourth quarter. LTL volumes increased 36%, with organic contributing 17% and Freightquote adding approximately 19%. Net revenue margin increased on a year-over-year basis in the fourth quarter, primarily as a result of higher-margin Freightquote business with small customers and growth in our consolidation business. For the year, LTL net revenues are up nearly 40%, driven by strong organic and Freightquote contributions. We are the largest non-asset LTL provider in North America by a wide margin, and our go-to-market strategy has proven to be a winning one with customers and providers. Transitioning to intermodal results on slide seven. Intermodal net revenue decreased 13.7% in the fourth quarter, with volumes down 8%. Without Freightquote, organic net revenues decreased approximately 22% in the fourth quarter. It was a tough fourth quarter in the intermodal business, as we had a significant decrease in our transactional volumes. The intermodal services represents less than 2% of our net revenues, and we typically see the results impacted negatively in a softer truckload market with lower fuel prices. These market conditions often impact the decision of shippers to utilize truckload services rather than intermodal. Moving to slide eight and a review of our global forwarding business. Net revenue for the global forwarding services decreased 2.1% in the fourth quarter. Ocean net revenues decreased 1.5%,, while air decreased 4.1%, and custom services were down 1.3%. There are two things in the quarter to highlight. The first is that we continue to capture market share in global forwarding. Volumes were up in ocean, and up slightly in air, despite a very challenging marketplace. Pricing, however, in both ocean and air continue to be a major headwind, with both down double digits in the quarter. The second issue to reflect is that it's important to remember the strong Q4 2014 comparable, which was driven by the West Coast port strikes, where net revenue grew 18% in that particular period. The 2015 full year results were very positive on both top and bottom lines, and our global forwarding team has done an excellent job. We've got a great team, and are confident in the platform and how we are positioned for the future. Slide nine and our other logistics services. The services in this group include transportation management services, warehousing, parcel and small package. Net revenues increased 16.1% in the fourth quarter of 2015 compared to the same period in 2014. Managed services, primarily our TMS offering branded TMC, represents over half of the net revenue in this area, and that business is performing extremely well with strong net revenue growth. TMC finished the year with a record number of new implementations and the pipeline for pending implementations is at an all-time high. Transitioning to our sourcing business on slide 10. Our sourcing net revenues increased 11.9% in the fourth quarter, and case volume grew 4.5%. We are pleased with the sourcing team's ability to finish the year strong in the fourth quarter and grow net revenues just short of 5% for the year. Our customer base is very concentrated, with retail and food services customers representing our two largest segments. The sourcing team continues to adapt the value proposition and they have done a good job working through a tough couple of years, with a lot of change in both our services and how we meet the needs of our top customers. Slide 11 covers our summarized income statements for the fourth quarter. Operating income increased 14.3% in the fourth quarter, and as a percent of net revenue was 37.6%, up 20 basis points from last year's fourth quarter. For the year, operating income as a percent of net revenue increased 50 basis points to 37.8%. Thank you to all of our people for another strong productivity year. Personnel expenses were up 14.1% in the quarter. This increased personnel expense was due to the additional head count relating to our acquisition of Freightquote, contributing approximately 9.1% and a 5% increase in our organic head count. Other SG&A expenses increased 11.4%. This increase again was primarily due to the Freightquote acquisition, including amortization expense of $1.9 million. John mentioned earlier that we had an interest and other expense increase during the quarter by $7.1 million. That expense was partially offset by the related tax liabilities, decreasing earnings per share by $0.02 in the fourth quarter. Moving on to slide 11 (sic) [12] and other financial information. We had a great cash flow quarter, generating just over $253 million in the period. Year-to-date cash flow was $718 million, a 40% increase versus last year. Capital expenditures were $11.8 million in the fourth quarter and year to date, $44 million. For 2016, we expect capital expenditures to be between $70 million and $80 million, with $30 million coming from our new data center. We finished the fourth quarter with $950 million in debt and just under $170 million in cash. And finally, before turning it back to John, on to slide 13 and our capital distribution to shareholders. We returned approximately $130 million to shareholders in the quarter, with approximately $64 million coming from dividends and $66 million in share repurchases. We finished the quarter returning approximately 103% of net income to shareholders, and for the year, we returned 92%, which is in line with our target. Since 2010, we've returned over $3.1 billion to shareholders in dividend and share repurchases. Again, our thanks to everyone at Robinson for a great quarter in 2015, and thank you all as well for listening in. With that, I will turn it back to John for his closing comments.
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Thanks, Andy. So slide 14, labeled a look ahead, is just some bullet points that we laid out to kind of share with you what we're seeing and what our headline thoughts are heading into 2016. To start with, our January total company net revenue organic growth rate is consistent with the fourth quarter of 2015. As I mentioned earlier, Freightquote has lapped, so the impact of Freightquote in 2015 would not reoccur again this year. But basically, what we saw in January was a continued soft transactional market and continued margin expansion on our committed freight, very similar to what Andy laid out for Q4 of 2015. What is our mindset and how are we thinking about 2016? I mentioned in my kickoff comments that our long-term value proposition and how we think about growing the business is to be very focused on taking share, knowing that there's going to be different periods of different environments and different pricing scenarios, but that is absolutely what we're focused on in 2016. We put the word profitably on there. It's important from our standpoint that when we think about how we go to market and how we want to grow our business, that when we enter into a committed relationship and are trying to add value to the customers in the marketplace on a longer term basis, that those relationships are sustainable, and that we're getting compensated for what we're doing, and that we're adding value to the customer on a long-term basis. In the transactional world, again, there's not a lot of point in executing transactional business if you can't get a return on it. So when we think about how we go to market, it makes sense for us to think about how we can add value and go after market share in a sustainable way. We think we've done that in our past, and that will continue to be our mindset going forward. Global forwarding success, Andy touched on the results that we had and why we feel good about our global forwarding team and our global forwarding success. And I think as – the next two points really go together around integrated services and global forwarding, but we've talked a lot the last three years – three years ago we weren't as proud or content with our competitive positioning in global forwarding. With the Phoenix acquisition and the further investment over the last three years, we've been able to grow our net rev – combined net revenues high single digits over that period of time, and really improve our service offering and our capabilities. And it's not only been a good investment but I think it's been a very important expansion of what Robinson is capable of, and allowing our cross-selling services and allowing us to look at other regions of the world and how we can build further on to our network. So we're very focused on that continuation of cross-selling, looking at international air, ocean and customs brokerage in other regions and really leveraging the platform we've built over the last three years as an important part of our thoughts going forward. The demand for integrated global services is growing. That's probably not a new thought to most people. But just to share with you that when we look at our customer metrics in our business that we do see an escalation of the number of customers that are using multiple services. Andy mentioned the growth in the pipeline in our managed services division, and we've talked about cross-selling of some of our international and domestic stuff. There's a lot of data points and a lot of metrics that point to our continued success in working on a more global basis and working with more integrated customers, so we do feel that's an important trend that we're going to stay focused on. Another point related to that, though, that we have emphasized and continued to believe is very important is that all of the services that we offer are very competitive, and do require competitive pricing and service levels in order to be successful. So when we think about the pace and how aggressively we expand those services and expand those geographies, it is balanced by wanting to retain our market leadership position in a high-quality, high-service and competitive price profile as we move into each of those. We also have talked about we do believe it's important to maintain both a transactional and a committed or contractual presence in the marketplace. So as we grow with those bigger, more global, and integrated opportunities, we also are staying focused on how to remain competitive in the transactional marketplace and balancing the different types of relationships and segment offerings that we have with our customers. So that's a little bit of insight into how we're thinking about our offerings and expanding our profile and our platform going into the year, and increasing those global integrated services. The last point is really repetitive from things that we've been emphasizing for a long time. We've talked about people, process, and technology and really believing that that is the competitive foundation of the things that really matter in the forwarding and 3PL sector that we're going to continue to focus on. Our people have always been our primary asset and will remain that. Our talent and our account managers and how we go to market are just really what we think makes a difference in whether we succeed or fail at Robinson, and will continue to be our primary asset that we invest in. Technology is as important as ever. A lot of focus and emphasis around technology disruption and the impact that it's having on our industry. We believe we're a technology leader and we're going to continue to invest in our Navisphere platform and continue to maintain that competitive advantage that we think is really important in the marketplace. Our business processes are very important. Sometimes it's about bringing consistency and discipline to those processes and at other times it's about innovation and new ideas that customers are looking to try to make changes, or to improve or to take costs out of their supply chain. And that talent, technology, and innovation, people, process, technology focus, we're as convinced as ever that that is the differentiator at Robinson and that is what we're going to continue to invest in to make a difference in the marketplace. Those are our prepared thoughts. With that, I will turn it over to Tim to facilitate some prepared Q&A.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. And before I get into the Q&A here, I'd like to thank all the analysts and investors for taking the time to submit some great questions and done my best to compile them here into themes that are relevant and important. I'll frame up the questions for John and Andy, and then they'll prepare their response. So I'll get right into it here.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: The first question is for Andy around truckload pricing. North America truckload pricing to CHRW customers was down 3% year over year, while transportation costs per mile declined 5%, a spread that widened more significantly during the fourth quarter when compared to earlier this year. Has this spread widened, narrowed or remained relatively the same in January?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: What we've seen in January is it has remained relatively the same. There's been no material change one way or the other from what we saw in the fourth quarter.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, Andy. The next question is for John. Trying to read the tea leaves; how are you feeling about the macro environment today? Any changes in your customer tone and any differentiation between large or small customers?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: From a macro standpoint, I would say the softening of the market and the decrease in prices is probably the predominant theme that everybody is focused on, just how long will the market stay soft and what type of environment will we be in throughout the remainder of 2016. Listening to that question, I would say the other thing that probably comes to mind is that from a macro standpoint, we've been trying hard to analyze our business from a industry and vertical standpoint more and more, and probably not surprisingly, when you look across the vertical sectors in Robinson, is where you would see some of the higher correlations to the economy and where things are at. Anything energy or mining related obviously very soft, and even in those regions where that's focused, less activity going on. In the retail world, there's a lot of transition, a lot of increase in e-commerce, a lot of store closings, a lot of transition that's going on in the retail world. We're still fairly big in food and beverage, which is a little bit more stable than a lot of the other sectors. Our automotive business is still remaining pretty good in North America but that industry has continued to do fairly well, so again, not shocking or surprising given the headlines and the types of things that are happening in the U.S. and around the world, but I would say that our freight activities probably validate some of the headlines that you see about what's happening in the overall economy.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. The next question's for Andy around contractual pricing in truckload. Can you comment on the rate increases or decreases that you are seeing in your contractual book of business for 2016? Asked another way, are shippers demanding and getting rate concessions, or are you able to maintain or even modestly increase your rates as you go through the bid process?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, thanks. We are currently having a balanced discussion with our contractual customers in this area. On the one hand, you've got regulations such as ELD that'll drive up the cost of transportation later in the year and in 2017, and shippers are aware of that. At the same time, the current spot market has softened from a year ago and we are aware of that. Things such as origin-destination pairs as well as mix of freight are considered when deciding rates and our people are working every day to reach out and get the best solution for our customers and our company.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Okay , thanks, Andy. Next question for John. It appears you're still in hiring mode, which you promised to do in 2015 to regain some market share. With an uncertain macro picture, how do you see your hiring plans in 2016?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It is our current intention that we do plan to continue to hire in 2016. We have a lot of productivity initiatives and various focus points that we have to try to increase our productivity and build our business by being more productive and being more efficient, but as I said earlier, people are the core asset and we know that we're more successful when we go to market with good people who are talented and trained in what they need to do. So we are continuing to plan to hire in 2016, and we'll obviously adjust if the market conditions change significantly. But at this point, it's our intent that we'll be able to hire mid single digit increases of people and grow our network and strengthen our team.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. With the implementation of ELDs, what is your outlook for longer term truckload pricing?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks. As we referenced in our prepared remarks, our price to carriers has risen on average 2.5% since 2008, which includes different economic cycles and regulations. That rate of increase is reflective of what has happened in the industry overall and we would expect ELDs to cause long-term truckload pricing to rise and that increase to be influenced by many different factors, both positive and negative, such as GDP, capacity and the like.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. How does the current market environment compare to that seen in 2011 and 2012? Does it look like we are approaching a supply-demand equilibrium at the current tempered freight levels? And if so, how will this impact your net margins?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: If you go back – and this question's around North American truckload – and if you go back and look at our activity over the last five years or six years, throughout 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, we talked a lot about it being a little bit unusual in an extended period of time where there was a fairly balanced market. That balanced market ended with some weather and some meaningful price increases in late 2013, 2014, and now what we're seeing in 2015 is, towards the end of the year, some of that double digit price increase, especially in the transactional market, being given back. So, yeah, from a standpoint of 2014 being a tighter market and some aggressive price increases and now some of those coming back, we are probably moving back more towards a midpoint around the balance of supply and demand in the marketplace. What I think is different, though, is that a lot of the way we talked about our business back in 2011 and 2012 was during a sustained period of a balanced market. There became some different dynamics around route guides and how important it was to be near the top of the route guide and how we had to aggressively go after share in a fairly sustained balanced market for a long period of time. It's too early to know what the rest of even 2016 is going to be like, much less 2017 or 2018. So I don't think it's fair to conclude that we're back into a sustained balanced market. We'll have to see how the rest of 2016 plays out and what the next couple of years look like to know if we're going back into an environment like we saw in 2011 and 2012.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. What is the outlook for share repurchases moving forward? And what is the hierarchy for uses of cash?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, the hierarchy for the uses of cash is number one, continue to invest in the business, as that capital generates significant ROI. Number two, strategic acquisitions. Between Phoenix and Freightquote, which have occurred over the last three years, we've invested over $1 billion and are very pleased with the returns on those investments. And, number three, return capital to shareholders, which we've done, over $3.1 billion since 2010.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, Andy. Next question back to John. Can you discuss the current competitive environment in truck brokerage and are you concerned about other participants being willing to do the same business for a significantly smaller margin going forward? Who provides the greatest threat, other pure truck brokers or asset-intensive carriers with ancillary truck brokerage operation? Has the competitive environment improved with the acquisition of other competitors?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: With regard to the competitive landscape, we've acknowledged, and there's been a lot of discussion over the last probably five years around the increase in competition. Almost every committed bid that we work on will have dozens of providers, and lots of carriers, lots of other 3PLs, and the market remains very competitive. So we continue to see a very competitive marketplace with a lot of people out there. I commented earlier in our prepared comments that we take a approach around sustainability and profitability, and whenever somebody is aggressively going after market share with a different attitude towards profitability or sustainability, it can have an impact that we have to try to understand that and make sure that we're not overreacting or mispricing our services, or doing things that we don't intend to do because others are taking a different go to market strategy in terms of what they're doing. So we do have to watch out for that. But I think, for the most part, the vast majority of the competitors have a similar attitude, and I've continued to work on that. We haven't seen a lot of change this year in the competitive landscape. Again, whenever the market is moving and it's softening like it has, there will be a lot of transition and a lot of bid activity. But with thousands of competitors in a very fragmented market, it's hard to see any unique changes in a short period of time. So I would say there's nothing really unusual about what we've experienced this year.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. Can you discuss how North America year-over-year organic truckload volume growth trended on a monthly basis through the fourth quarter, and thus far into the first quarter?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Truckload volume for the quarter was pretty consistent throughout, up 2% per business day in each of the months. And January has continued at that same trend.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. Can you speak to the challenges facing your intermodal business in the current market? Would you expect your intermodal volumes to remain under pressure until truckload rates begin to rise?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Short answer is yes. We've talked a lot about our intermodal business and the competitive positioning of it over the past several years. What we have today is a capable team. We understand the service, and we compete primarily in that multimodal freight that can typically be served by either truck or intermodal services. We feel like we do a good job of making certain that our customers get exposure to intermodal opportunities and pricing when that's appropriate. What we've confessed in the past is that what we don't have is the density of high-volume, committed freight in all intermodal lanes, or the dedicated equipment that is sometimes the most effective way to serve those dense corridors and those more committed areas. That's something that we continue to work on and still aspire to be better at in the future. So as our business continues to transition and hopefully strengthen ourselves, in terms of dedicated and committed relationships on the intermodal front, we will continue to see more fluctuations in transactional shipments based upon the market conditions.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. Air freight and ocean freight net revenue growth – around that net revenue growth. Cross-selling initiatives are noted in the prepared remarks, but are you disappointed in the rate of growth given their relative lack of size and the completion of Phoenix's integration?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: We're not disappointed at all. In fact, we're very pleased. So as John mentioned, you go back three years ago when we acquired Phoenix and merged it with our global forwarding operation, particularly, I think if you look at any other acquisition that's been done in the space, there are a lot of examples of how not to do it. A lot of businesses that have been significantly disrupted. And we've continued to grow both what I'll call traditional Phoenix and traditional Robinson global forwarding business. And what we've tried to do, on a very thoughtful and deliberate basis, is merge those two entities across the globe in a way that was in no way, shape, or form disruptive to our organization. And so, today, we actually have a significantly stronger global forwarding operation located throughout the globe, with people all over the world doing pretty good things. So, again, we're really pleased with the progress of our global forwarding team, the results that we're making, and that cross-selling is really – it's already taken hold, but it's beginning to accelerate. And one of the key aspects of that as well, as John mentioned, is our global platform, Navisphere. So, when you bring everybody onto one platform, you're able to provide that visibility, end to end across the globe with all of our customers. And I would argue that there are very few people that can actually – a lot of people say they can do it, but very few people can actually back that up and do it. And I think what we've said and what we've done has been very deliberate in that regard, and the success we're seeing today, not only in 2015, but it's continuing into 2016, is there.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John around our carrier base. Can you break down the percentage of Robinson's freight hauled by large, medium, and small carriers?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We've showed some pie charts about this in the past, and they really haven't changed over the last five years or six years. If you look at, we define a large carrier as somebody who has more than 400 pieces of equipment, and that group constitutes a couple of percent of our interaction with the capacity side. Carriers that have 100 pieces of equipment or less constitute more than 90% of the activity – the truckload shipments in North America that we do. So, we have an active carrier list that, at the end of the year, was increased to 68,000 carriers. And that fragmented marketplace and those, I guess it depends upon your definition of medium and small, but to us, 100 pieces of equipment all the way down to that individual true owner/operator with one truck, that is the backbone of our truckload capacity, and continues to be a very similar mix today that it's been over the last couple of decades.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. Staying on the topic of our carriers, for Andy. How many truckload carriers did Robinson add in the fourth quarter of 2015, and has the company seen any changes to fleet sizes year to date?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: We've added another 2,700 new carriers during the fourth quarter, which was up 13% from the fourth quarter of 2014. It's another great job by our network and carrier relations team throughout all of 2015, which brought in over 11,500 carriers, representing over 40,000 tractors. So no material change in terms of the fleet composition.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, Andy. For John, what is the best environment from a volume and capacity standpoint for Robinson operationally and financially?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I commented earlier about our commitment to both a transactional presence and a committed or contractual. And when you think about the years in our history where we've had really significant growth, it was environments where there was a lot of economic growth and a lot of continued opportunity in the marketplace, where, in those longer term committed relationships, we have a high degree of volume and we're able to take market share and expand those committed relationships. While at the same time, there's a very robust market of transactional opportunities and unexpected freight that we can help service in the marketplace as well, too. So, the very best performance years we've had, from a growth and profitability standpoint is when the economies are growing, the markets are very active, and there's healthy market share opportunities in both committed and transactional relationships that we have in the marketplace. There's a lot of other market environments like we talked about earlier, where demand will cycle and capacity will cycle, and so supply and demand will lead to price increases and price decreases. And as I've said a couple of times, we'll continue to add value and take market share, and apply our services in whatever environment the marketplace throws at us. But the optimum conditions, which is probably true for a lot of industries and a lot of companies, is overall economic growth and prosperity is a good thing for all of us, and when we see a sustained environment of that, it's probably the best thing.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. To Andy, with our next question. CHRW's leverage ratio ended 2015 at the lower end of its 1 times to 1.5 times debt-to-EBITDA target. How is management thinking about the company's current leverage ratio in light of a more uncertain demand outlook and weighing the potential uses of debt?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: First, 2015 was a fantastic and record year in cash flow, generating nearly $720 million, with over $250 million coming in the fourth quarter alone. Obviously, this had a positive impact on our leverage ratio. Going forward, we would expect that ratio to be back in the 1 times to 1.5 times range. We continue to look at strategic acquisitions. We've done them in the past. We will continue to do them in the future. So, we believe that we are appropriately structured from a capital basis, going forward.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, Andy. To John, a truckload question. With the softer spot, are you starting to see any decreases in small carrier capacity? What is your insight into where capacity is headed, given the soft spot, macro uncertainty and pending ELD implementation?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We sort of touched on this in a couple different areas, but really, our – we have not seen any change in our carrier composition at this point. For the past several decades, there's been a lot of speculation around the extra strain on the small carrier, and whether or not that was going to impact the marketplace as a whole, and whether that would impact our relationships with them. Some of the regulation that's come into the marketplace over the last six years or seven years around safety and hours of service, and now, the electronic logs that are coming in, there is a cost factor that impacts that capacity in the marketplace. But I – we're pretty comfortable that similar to a lot of the previously implemented legislation, that it'll get absorbed over time, and that it'll get adapted to by the small carriers. And I think one of the things that is important to understand too is that while hours of service and some of the safety ratings and some of the electronic logging regulations that have come or are coming into place, one of the other impacts of that is it really is sort of genericizing the capacity out there, where some of the quality differentiations that maybe some of the larger carriers tried to differentiate within the past are not going to be as prevalent. So, while there's a cost issue and a potential productivity issue, we do think that the capacity landscape is going to remain very fragmented, and that in a lot of ways, it will actually improve the quality and the overall blend of capacity that we can utilize in the marketplace.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy, on our net revenue margin. The slide deck says net revenue margin expansion was the result of lower transportation cost, change in mix of business due to faster growth and shorter length of haul, freight, and the addition of Freightquote. Can you break down in three buckets the contribution of each to net revenue margin expansion in 2015?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Certainly. Of the 310 basis point improvement during the quarter, approximately 140 basis points came from the improvement in net revenue per mile, approximately 110 basis points came from fuel, and the remaining 60 basis points came from all other, including Freightquote and air and ocean.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. What is your current spot versus contract mix in the truckload business?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: For those of you who aren't as familiar with our history, if you go back 15 years, 20 years ago, we were almost entirely transactional in a brokerage role, and as we've grown our services and grown our company and have entered into more committed relationships, we've talked about that longer-term trend towards a better balance of committed and contractual relationships, along with our spot market. We continue to believe that there's probably a balance point of around 50/50. I think last year in 2014 we were probably closer to that 50/50 balance. In a market like this, in the fourth quarter of 2015, where things are softening, our best metrics would probably say that we're more 60/40 or a higher percentage of committed or contractual freight that's moving along pre-priced arrangements.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. Moving on to the next question around the truckload bid season to Andy. As trucking bidding season is now underway, can you talk a little about where customer pricing is settling in, and how does that compare to capacity cost? Any color to help understand the different moving parts in that net revenue margin number, and how it could trend in the coming quarters?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Yup. Following up on John's answer, and as a reminder, we buy almost all of our capacity in the spot market, where there is a lot of volatility. And over the last recent quarters, it's been down, but if you go back for all of 2015, and you look at it quarter-by-quarter basis: first quarter, up 6%; second quarter, up 3%; third quarter, down 1%; fourth quarter, down 5%. So, there is that volatility, and we're very familiar and comfortable in that environment. On the customer side, as John mentioned, about 60% of our business is committed. And we're having discussions right now, and continue to have discussions, about what price is doing over the longer term. So, capacity, when we buy, is very short-term. Pricing is done. The discussions are over a longer term, usually a one-year period. That being said, we feel really good about our ability to work with our customers to understand what that volatility is doing, and quite frankly, the ability to price into that volatility with them.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Okay, thanks, Andy. And staying on the topic of contractual business, to John, since CHRW has become increasingly reliant on contractual business, can you discuss how CHRW's bid season works with customers, namely, when it begins and ends? And is there any bellwether that set market expectations for pricing?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, when we've talked about our committed relationships in the past, important to remember that the contracts are generally for a calendar year, but most of them will have evergreen clauses in them. And one of the things that virtually all shippers retain the privilege of deciding when and if they're going to rebid their committed or contractual pricing. So, when we look across our book of rates and contracts, there will be some that have been in place for years that we and the customer are continuing to live by. And in other instances, those customers will have a very rigid annual cycle or a more systematic approach towards how and when they rebid those services. Even when a shipper rebids their contracts or committed pricing, they may or may not include all of the freight. There's another step in the process to determine based on market conditions and their service levels around what they would want to do. So, for us, it's a very fluid process. There are bids going on at any point during the year. There are more of them going on this time of year than in others, but there really is no single bellwether or month. It's very much of an ongoing evolution, based on supply and demand conditions, as to when either providers are giving 30-day notice and opting out or when shippers are choosing to rebid the contracts in the marketplace.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John, and back to you with the next question here on cross-selling. Can you please give us an update on your cross-selling efforts, as they relate to both Phoenix and Freightquote?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, Andy sort of set the table with Phoenix that from a global forwarding standpoint, when we closed the deal three years ago, we really didn't do a lot in the first 12 months. But after that, began a pretty systematic program with Chris O'Brien and his go-to-market team, around looking at our domestic customers, where we know they had global forwarding opportunities and trying to participate aggressively in those bids. And vice-versa, looking at larger global forwarding customers, where we thought we could expand more into domestic services. We do have metrics that establish that we have been successful with that. There's measured net revenue in relationships that have come in both ways. And as I commented in my prepared comments about the numbers of customers with multiple services and our cross-selling success from our joint account managers, we do feel very good that that's real, and that we've been successful in doing that. With the Freightquote acquisition, there's probably less specific cross-selling. That business is very transactional. And I think the theme that we've talked more about there is really more us having a clearer segmentation strategy, that in our LTL business, while we've been very comfortable with how we've grown it over the last decade, we have gravitated more towards committed relationships with higher volume shippers, because that was really our expertise and capability. And our account management structure really didn't facilitate an efficient interface with a small shipper who wanted to spend a lot of time price shopping and doing other things that a more typical, smaller transactional customer would do. So, what's been positive about the Phoenix – or I'm sorry, about the Freightquote acquisition this year is really helping us evolve into a clearer segmentation strategy, where the true transactional smaller shippers, especially the LTL, but also truckload, are leads and opportunities that we can put more under the Freightquote brand that has established a very efficient front-end and interface with customers for doing that. And then allowing the traditional Robinson network to focus more on the medium and larger customers, where we're investing our account management resources and a little bit more cost-intensive approach to provide the service that's required for those relationships. So, a little bit different in terms of the way we're going after the synergies and the growth, but feeling good about both of them, that they've been good additions to the Robinson network and have made us stronger.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy around productivity. You've been able to grow operating income faster than net revenue for a few quarters in a row now, which is a nice trend. Are there things that you are doing different to amplify the leverage in the model? And how much more is there to go? How sustainable do you think that is, especially if we start to see net revenue margin compression in 2016?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, thanks. One of the great stories of Robinson, and there are many, is the office network. We currently have about 270 offices spread across the globe in global forwarding, North American Surface Trans, PMC, sourcing and the like. Inside each of those offices are great people and great leaders that manage productivity expenses at the local level. It helps that a majority of our compensation is variable and our people do an excellent job of managing for balanced growth on both the top and bottom line. So, the credit obviously goes to them for the great job and great work that they're doing of improving productivity, managing to balance growth across the network, and improving that ratio.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, Andy. To John, question about our sourcing business. The sourcing business was stronger than we were expecting. Is that business back on track, or was there anything unusual in the fourth quarter that we shouldn't assume will continue into 2016?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: With regards to our Robinson Fresh business and the produce sourcing activity that we do, as a reminder, I think Andy stated earlier that there's a pretty concentrated customer base there, and we also have a fair amount of concentration in certain commodities like melons and others that we have unique expertise in, that we do a lot of activity. So what will happen in any period of time is that there will be some volatility in the results relative to the weather and the crop yields, and just the amount of freight and activity that comes out of it. That Fresh group also provides a lot of temperature-controlled transportation within the Robinson network. So, at any point in time, we're working with those retailers and foodservice companies to not only provide temp-controlled transportation but also product for them, where we can source and supply the Fresh product into their network. Because of the customer concentration over the past six years, seven years, we've had a couple of instances where we knew that larger customers were not going to be sourcing certain commodities from us in the future, so we've cautioned that some of the declines were foreseeable, that we could see them. At this point, we do think our Robinson Fresh sourcing business is at a normal activity level. We don't see – we're not aware of any losses or things that we expect in terms of customer declines, so we hope this type of activity in the fourth quarter would be normal. But again back to the normal caveat that it is a very weather-sensitive business, and a lot of these commodities can fluctuate up and down in unforeseen ways pretty quickly. So there will continue to be a little bit more volatility in the sourcing line item of our revenues.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. And this will be the last question for Andy around our truckload business, a little bit deeper cut on volume. Organic volume growth in truckload for the year was a fairly decent 3%. Given the limited spot market opportunities, where did most of the increase come from?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, following up on John's earlier answer, the majority of that volume growth came from our committed business. And we've seen that number go from -- we've seen that number go from that 50/50 split to 60/40 during 2015, so the vast majority coming from committed business.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Okay. Thanks, Andy. And thank you again everybody for the submission of some great questions. And I know I didn't get time to ask all of them here. If there's any follow-up that you'd like to do with me, please reach out via email or a phone call, and we'll get some time scheduled to answer the rest of the questions. So, thank you for participating in our fourth quarter 2015 call. This call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the C.H. Robinson web site at www.chrobinson.com. You can access the replay by dialing 888-203-1112, and entering the passcode, 4722702#. The replay will be available at approximately 11:30 this morning, Eastern Time. Thank you, everybody, and have a great day.
Operator: And thank you for joining us today, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's program. We certainly appreciate everyone's participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics John P. Wiehoff - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson third quarter 2015 conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today's presentation, Tim Gagnon will facilitate a review of previously submitted questions. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, October 28, 2015. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Gagnon, the Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thank you, Erika, and good morning, everyone. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, Chief Executive Officer and Andy Clarke, Chief Financial Officer. John and Andy will provide some prepared comments on the highlight of our third quarter and will follow that with a response to the pre-submitted questions we received after earnings last night. Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate the discussion. The slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is located at chrobinson.com. John and Andy will be referring to these slides in their prepared comments. I'd like to remind you that comments made by John, Andy or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. With that, I'll now turn it over to John to begin his prepared comments on slide three with a review of our third quarter results.
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. We had a very good third quarter led by total net revenues of $588 million, which represented an 11.6% increase over last year's third quarter. Our organic net revenues grew at 5%, while the Freightquote acquisition contributed another 6.5 percentage points to our net revenue growth in the quarter. Our organic business growth was driven largely by North American truckload services with truckload net revenue growing as a result of both volume growth and improved margins. As has been the case throughout the year, net revenues grew more than total revenues, due primarily to the impact of lower fuel prices this year. Couple of our other key financial metrics: income from operations increased 14.4% in the quarter, and net income increased 11.6%. Our network did a great job in the quarter, and we again accomplished good productivity and results in most of our core services. We had earnings per share of $0.96 in the quarter, and that compares to $0.85 last year or a 12.9% increase. One of the other key metrics, our average head count or employee total increased 13% in the quarter. Again, that was about a 4% increase in our organic base of business, and the remainder of the increase coming from the Freightquote acquisition. Before I turn it over to Andy to walk through the specific revenue lines and service items, I thought maybe I would just highlight what we sort of view as some of the key highlights for the quarter that you'll hear come throughout the comments. First, net revenue margin increases. You'll see in most of the services that we did have improving net revenue margins. In a business model like ours where the market is softer from a demand standpoint than was anticipated at the beginning of the year, it's not surprising, and I think it's consistent with what you see elsewhere in the industry that our net revenue margins would be improving across our service offerings. Second, a lot of references to Freightquote. We've tried to be as transparent as we can by showing what impact Freightquote had on the key line items across our results. From an overall standpoint, I would say that we're very happy with the Freightquote acquisition. We continue to believe that it's been a great fit for our company and that it has really helped us penetrate certain segments of the market in a much more effective way. So we continue to feel very positive about that acquisition, and you'll hear a lot of references to the impact that it's had on us. The last item that I'd like to highlight from a productivity efficiency standpoint, we've referenced many times in the past that probably the key enterprise metric around that is our operating income as a percent of net revenue, and you'll see that improved in the quarter versus last year. And, again, there's a lot of changes and a lot of different impacts that Andy and I will talk about that impact that, but from an overall standpoint, the fact that that improved year-over-year and has improved year-to-date is reflective of what we feel is good productivity and efficiency in the business. So those are some of the highlights that I would point out to you before we jump in. With that, I'll turn it over to Andy to walk through our financial results for the quarter.
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, John, and good morning. Before moving on to slide four, I would also like to thank all of our people for their hard work in delivering best-in-class performance during the quarter and throughout the year. I think it's fair to say our team put the puck in the back of the net this quarter. Total net revenue grew by 12.5%, with truckload growing 10.8%, LTL growing 38.6% and intermodal contracting slightly by 4%. Net revenue margin improved by 220 basis points to 18.4% versus last year's third quarter. The two primary drivers of this margin expansion were fuel and the overall market conditions. I will speak to the specifics in my comments on the various services. Turning to our truckload results on slide five, we had another strong quarter in our truckload business, growing volume at 7%. The organic volume growth was approximately 4% in the quarter, and Freightquote added approximately 3%. We are proud of the fact that this is the 24th consecutive quarter where we have grown our year-over-year North America truckload volume. We also believe we were able to take share in the quarter, as most of the benchmarks we look at showed slight year-over-year declines in volume. Net revenues grew nearly 11%. Organic net revenues increased approximately 8%, with Freightquote adding approximately 3% in the third quarter. We have continued to focus on balanced growth, and, clearly, we're executing well to that end. In North America, the line haul price per mile to our customers, excluding the impact of fuel, was flat on a year-over-year basis, while the cost paid to carriers decreased approximately 1%. The overall market was less volatile in this third quarter when compared to last year in the third quarter. There are two interesting points to highlight. The first comes from the routing guide depth associated with our managed services businesses where we saw routing guide compliance at the high end of our historical benchmarks. The second point is our negative loads were down significantly in the quarter on a year-over-year basis. Both these facts are an indication that capacity is available and there are minimal disruptions to the procurement plans of shippers. We had another strong quarter signing on new contracted carriers. In the third quarter we, again, added over 3,000 carriers, and these carriers moved over 20,000 shipments for us. Year-to-date, we have added approximately 9,000 new contracted carriers. Let's move to slide six and the less-than-truckload results. Our LTL net revenues increased 38.6%. Organic net revenues increased approximately 6%, while Freightquote contributed approximately 33% to our LTL net revenue in the third quarter of 2015. LTL volumes increased 32%. Freightquote contributed approximately 19% and organic growth was 13%. Net revenue margin increased on a year-over-year basis in the third quarter, primarily as a result of the higher margin Freightquote business with small customers and growth in our consolidation business. Both Freightquote and our organic business continue to do well with the significant activity happening in the industry during the quarter. We continue to feel very good about our value proposition and our approach to the marketplace with our LTL services. Further, we're confident we provide a unique and sought-after service to both our shippers and carriers with our non asset-based strategy. Transitioning to our intermodal results on slide seven, intermodal net revenue decreased 4% in the third quarter with volume down 4% as well. Without Freightquote, organic net revenues decreased approximately 13% in the third quarter. The intermodal volume continues to be impacted by lower fuel prices and a looser capacity in the truckload environment with some shippers converting freight back over the road. Year-to-date, our net revenue is up 6% versus last year with volume up 5%. And now to slide eight and a review of our Global Forwarding business. Net revenue for the Global Forwarding services increased 1.8% over the third quarter of 2014. While the 1.8% represents a lower growth rate than our year-to-date trend, it is important to remember the very strong quarter in 2014 we had as a result of the additional services provided during the disruption at the ports. The macro environment in this quarter was challenging, with rates dropping and capacity readily available; however, we were able to grow our volumes and took market share in the quarter. Our ocean net revenues increased 1.6% in the third quarter while air decreased 1.3% and custom services were up 8.1%. Our cross-selling initiatives are producing new opportunities for us and did drive net revenue growth in the quarter. We are proud of the fact that we were able to retain the number one rank as the NVOCC with the largest number of TEUs shipped from China to the U.S. again in the third quarter. In air freight, though our net revenues decreased, we added new customers in the quarter and grew our air freight tonnage. Customs net revenues increased 8.1% due to an increase in transaction volume. Moving to other logistics services on slide nine, the services in this group include transportation management services, warehousing, and small parcel. Net revenues increased 7.3% in the third quarter of 2015 compared to the same period in 2014. Managed services represent over half of the net revenue in this area and that business is performing well with good net revenue growth. We added new customers in the quarter, and the pipeline of signed customers in the queue is increasing nicely. These customers require supply chain technology, great transportation processes, and execution on a global basis. And we've built the platform to handle this growth and will continue to innovate with this service going forward. Transitioning to our sourcing business on slide 10, our sourcing net revenues decreased 4.4% in the quarter, while case volume grew 2.5%. As with most quarters, we had some ups and downs across the many categories we serve in the sourcing business. In a couple of our strategic vegetable categories, we had some very tough markets that had an impact on our net revenue in the quarter. We believe those impacts should be isolated to the third quarter, and the sourcing team is working hard to serve their customers and finish up the year strong. Year-to-date, we are up nearly 3% net revenue, and case volume is up 5%. Slide 11 covers our summarized income statement for the third quarter. The operating income as a percent of net revenue was 39.5% in the third quarter, and this represents the fifth consecutive quarter with a year-over-year increase in this key metric. This also represents a 100 basis point improvement versus last year. We have and will continue to invest in our people and organization, but we will also do so in a balanced way. Personnel expenses were up 8% in the quarter. This was primarily due to the additional head count related to our acquisition of Freightquote. As a percent of net revenue, personnel expenses improved 150 basis points to 44.9%. Other SG&A expenses increased 15.3%. This increase was, again, primarily due to the Freightquote acquisition, including amortization expense of $1.9 million. We also had an increase in claims and travel expenses in the quarter. We expect the rate of increases and expenses relating to the Freightquote acquisition to decrease as we are pleased with the progress we are making on the integration. Moving on to slide 11 and other financial information, we had a very good cash flow quarter, generating just over $213 million. Year-to-date cash flow generated is $465 million. Capital expenditures in the quarter were $13.2 million and year-to-date CapEx is $33 million. We continue to expect the 2015 capital expenditures to be between $40 million and $50 million. We recently began the development of our new offsite data recovery facility, and that will consume the bulk of the remaining CapEx for the year. We finished the quarter with just over $1 billion in debt, which was broken down between $500 million with an average coupon of 4.28% and $530 million drawn on a revolver with a current rate of 1.32% as of September 30, 2015. And finally, before turning it back to John, let's go to slide 13 and our capital distribution to shareholders. We returned approximately $130 million to shareholders in the quarter with approximately $57 million in dividends and $73 million in share repurchases. We finished the quarter returning approximately 93% of net income to shareholders. For the year, we have returned 88%, which is in line with our target to return approximately 90% of net income to our shareholders annually. Again, thank you to the entire Robinson team for your great work to produce these results. And thank you, as well to those listening today. We appreciate your interest in our company. With that, I'll turn it back to John to make some closing comments.
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay, thank you, Andy, and my closing comments will be focused on the look ahead slide. Consistent with previous periods, we want to share the headlines of what we know about October with you and from that standpoint, the total company net revenue growth in October is tracking at a consistent growth rate, consistent with the third quarter. The trucking market in North America continues to be a little bit soft from a demand standpoint and that continues to be reflected in our results. In our Q&A session with the submitted questions that we have, there's a lot of things that are asking about pricing and the market dynamics that will come back to around that net revenue growth and what we're seeing in the marketplace. I think from an overall standpoint, one of the things that we wanted to highlight, though is that the trucking industry continues to be a cyclical industry and one of the things that we've experienced over the last four or five years and we continue to expect to see is how we adapt to the cyclicality of that marketplace. And, again, some of the Q&A comments will come back to that, but a lot of our net revenue growth this year has been enabled by responding to a market that has a little bit softer demand and taking advantage of the marketplace from the standpoint of serving our customers in a more effective way. Before we move to the Q&A session, I want to touch on just a few of the strategic priorities that we have bullet pointed on our look ahead slide. While we adapt to those shorter term cycles in the market, we believe that, kind of the primary foundation of how we create value over a longer period of time is by focusing in on some of these important competitive advantages that really are the foundation of how we go to market and how we serve our customers over a long period of time. It really starts with our sales and account management initiatives, and we are as focused on them as we've ever been. We are delivering record amounts of training and we continue to be very focused on the effectiveness of our sales and account management initiatives across our network. The fourth quarter and first quarters of the years are always a little bit more active around bid periods, so those groups today, both on the customer side with our account managers, as well as our capacity account managers, are all very engaged with the marketplace on a localized way to make sure that we understand the varying needs and perspectives of the tens of thousands of people that we interact with and making sure that all of our customers and capacity providers have good and efficient access to our network. So, we are very proud of our sales and account management capabilities and we will continue to invest in those people and those processes to make sure that we're maintaining our competitive advantage in the marketplace. Talent acquisition and development. We've hired throughout the year. We highlighted kind of the increases in our employee base and head count. We are continuing to hire. Our hiring tapers-off near the end of the year and increases in the spring because we're hiring primarily new college graduates that we will continue to focus on. But from an annual basis, we do expect to continue to add to our workforce and add to our team of sales and account management people in accordance with our primary metric around volume growth. So, while we do expect to hire during 2016, we remain pretty fluid with regards to understanding the marketplace and understanding the rate at which we're taking market share and making sure that we add proportionately to how we're growing our business. But we do expect to continue to hire. We think talent acquisition and identifying the right types of cultural fits and people that we are looking for are, again, a really important competitive advantage. That's part of the foundation of the company that we're not going to lose focus on regardless of what part of the cycles we might be in in any of our services. The next point, technology, I mean, people process and technology is the tagline that we've been using for decades and is really an important part of how we think about building value over time and maintaining all of these advantages. As we look into 2016, we're going to continue to increase our investment in technology, spending well over $100 million a year with our IT team to make sure that we're investing in capabilities to achieve a number of things. We focused on connectivity around both that [audio skip] (19:12) to make sure that the people who are accessing our network have visibility to what they want as well as efficient ways to exchange information with us. We've got some enhancements to our mobile applications that we think will be very impactful next year and that we think will have some good value for our customers and particularly our capacity providers on the mobile strategies. Security and stability. As we work with large customers and more collaborative outsource solutions, it's very important that we secure the data and that we have the right sort of stability in our systems to facilitate the real time programs that we do, so that's an area that we'll continue to invest heavily in. Purchase order, order management, inventory management capabilities. As we get more integrated into our customer supply chains, it becomes more and more important that we can consolidate, deconsolidate, that we can provide information at the order level and help our customers drive efficiencies and manage inventory in their supply chain. And that will continue to be an important investment area for us. Analytics and data science. We have a very significant data warehouse and a lot of capabilities around analytics that we extend to both our capacity providers and our customers, and we will continue to invest in that to make sure that we have market-leading information and that we can help our customers adapt to the changing market conditions, just as we do with our own business model. So those are a couple of the areas that I wanted to highlight that we're going to continue to invest as technology continues to change in our industry. We believe we're one of the leaders, and we've got some good things in works that we think will continue to keep us in a good competitive spotlight. The last bullet point that we highlighted on there, from a strategic priority standpoint, is mergers and acquisition. As we've said many times, we've been around for 110 years, and our two largest acquisitions in our 110-year history have both occurred in the last three years, with Phoenix and Freightquote acquisitions. We have not changed our approach or our messaging around acquisitions. We continue to have what we believe is a very meaningful filter around finding the right sorts of deals for Robinson, and that starts with cultural fit but also encompasses all the right sort of financial metrics and business model parameters that we think are important to providing integrated services and managing our business as one global network. So we'll continue to have those high standards of what we think is the right sort of addition to Robinson. However, given the current capital environment and the activity in the marketplace and our ability to use our balance sheet more if appropriate, we are going to continue to look and to try to identify opportunities where we can create value by expanding our M&A activity as well, too. Increasing our global footprint and increasing our service capabilities are probably the two broad bullet points that we would focus in, in terms of priorities and the types of acquisitions that we think would have the most ability to add value. So those are some of the strategic priorities. Again, it's important to highlight those, because I think those are the long-term foundation of creating value while we do our best to adapt and help our customers and capacity providers adapt to the cycles in the marketplace. With that, that concludes our prepared comments for this morning and I will turn it over to Tim to facilitate our Q&A session of the call.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. And I'd like to start by thanking the many analysts and investors for sending in the questions late yesterday afternoon and evening. A lot of good questions. I've done my best to organize them categorically and turn it over to John and Andy and respond to them. So we'll get right into it with the Q&A portion here.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: The first question is for Andy, and it states, can you break down how much of the net revenue margin expansion in the third quarter came from mix versus lower purchase transportation?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. As we indicated, we had a 220 basis point improvement in that key metric during the quarter, and just over 40% of that was due to fuel, just under 40% of that was due to the market conditions, and the remaining, this is, say, 20% was the Freightquote mix and other.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Okay, thanks, Andy. The next question around technology, for John, to elaborate a little bit on your comments that you just made. Please elaborate on the strategic priorities included on slide 14, specifically with respect to the technology development and innovation. Is this aimed at improving employee productivity or more of an outward-facing solution towards the marketplace?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The answer is both. Prioritizing and determining what we're going to work on and focus in, in the technology area has become increasingly challenging, just because of the universe of opportunities that exist. But for several decades now, we have tried to adapt or adopt a balanced approach towards focusing in on productivity initiatives, as well as some of the connectivity initiatives that I talked about before, with making sure that the exchange of data and the transparency of data is there. And an important focus, too, is that market-facing customer insights, customer analytics, making sure that we've got everything that we need to create better solutions and help our customers and capacity providers get smarter in the marketplace. So it's both balancing the prioritization of those two types of initiatives is something that we go through very aggressively every quarter and try to make sure that we're balancing all of those different motivations in the best we can.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Okay, thanks, John. Next question for Andy. Can you please give us an update on your cross-selling efforts as they relate to Phoenix and Freightquote?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Certainly. And I'll start by saying, as John mentioned, from a macro perspective, we're extremely pleased with both acquisitions. We've owned Phoenix for just over three years now. And in terms of the progression, where we are today in year three is, quite frankly, where we thought we'd be in year five when we did the acquisition. So in terms of cross-selling, what we have called phase two is selling North American services to the legacy Phoenix customers has gone extremely well. And phase three was selling Global Forwarding services to our traditional North American customers, again, is progressing very nicely and generating significant results for us in the Global Forwarding and in the North American service transportation. As it relates to Freightquote, again, we've just owned that great business since the beginning of the year, and we are very excited about the progress we're making there, specifically, I think, as John mentioned, our go-to-market strategy, particularly with small customers. So very, very pleased with the cross-selling efforts on both acquisitions.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, Andy. The next question for John around pricing. Given that truckload carriers are now guiding to a more muted pricing outlook for 2016, can you elaborate on your pricing outlook and the opportunity for net revenue margin improvement?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: For the last five years, we've been sharing our quarterly activity in terms of what we've experienced on average rate per mile and average price increases to our shippers, as well as our average cost of hire and change to the capacity providers that we have. Andy mentioned earlier in review of the slides that for the current quarter, the pricing was relatively flat and the cost of hire was down 1%. If you look back over the last five years, I think the five-year average of those numbers that we've disclosed is somewhere around 4.5%, and I think very consistent with what we, and maybe many others in the industry, have been saying that there is some underlying cost pressure increases around driver shortages and increased equipment and increased regulation that's limiting productivity. So you put that all together, and over the last five years, think the industry and we have seen some above inflation cost increases due to a lot of the factors that have been talked about in the industry. However, when you look at the last five years from quarter-to-quarter standpoint and a year-to-year standpoint, those increases have, at times, been double-digits and, at times, have been flat to small declines. So my earlier comments kind of setting up around the cyclicality of what going, gets (27:56) very difficult to predict the cycles and to really time them perfectly in terms of understanding what's going on in the marketplace. But there's no question as you look at our results and look at the industry that the price increases and the rate of growth have tapered off during the year as the market has softened. And we see that continuing into the fourth quarter as we shared with our October results to-date so far in terms of what we're seeing. We also talked about fourth quarter and first quarter being an active bid season. And, again, I think one of the things that's important to remember about C.H. Robinson is we do not have centralized pricing decision-making, we do not have GRIs, we do not give targeted price increases across the network. It's that decentralized account management strategy that is working with all of our shippers and all of our capacity providers to work literally on thousands of lanes in each of these bids that we participate in. And it becomes very fragmented and very spread out in terms of how we think about making adjustments and properly repositioning ourselves in the route guide based on what our customers want from us and all those relationships. So no question there's a more muted pricing outlook, and we're down on the lower end of that range of change that we've seen over the last five years. But in terms of exactly what it means in terms of price increases, that really probably remains to be seen based upon the next couple of quarters and how the marketplace continues to evolve. In terms of predicting our net revenue margins, that gets even a little bit more challenging, because really whether our net revenue margins expand or contract, over the last five years, they've, as I mentioned earlier, both the pricing to the customers and our cost of hire have averaged a comparable amount. But sometimes the change gets ahead of each other on one side, where customer pricing or capacity costs might be moving at a little bit different rate. And most of that is centered around whether or not we've anticipated or we and our shippers have anticipated the market impacts correctly. So everybody's expecting a softer market and everybody is moving down towards the lower end of price changes in the range, and really whether net revenue margins on that committed business expand or contract probably has more to do with how next year compares to what everybody is expecting during these bids versus the absolute tightness of the market year-over-year. So that's why it's difficult for us and we don't try to guide or expect exactly what's going to happen with our net revenue margin, but we believe our track record of adapting to market conditions and adjusting both our customer pricing and our capacity pricing consistently over time, that that track record sort of speaks for itself.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. Next question is for Andy around regulation. What impact, if any, do you expect electronic logging devices to have on your ability to source capacity in 2016?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, thanks. Similar what we said in our second quarter call, obviously, we're watching the situation very closely, but we still think it's too early to make a hard determination on impact. We will watch it closely. We will continue to monitor, as we've always done, and react to the final regulations when they're published. But it's no different than any other regulation that comes out. I mean, we're going to continue to secure capacity.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John on head count. What is your expectation for head count into 2016? How do current fundamentals, namely tighter or looser North America truckload supply dynamics, influence this decision?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I touched on this earlier in some of the prepared comments that we are hiring and we do expect to continue to hire into 2016. Under our balanced growth initiatives across the network, it would probably be low to mid single-digit employee head counts is what we would target as our baseline of activity, priding ourselves and kind of remaining flexible to adapt to what's going on in the marketplace. Again, the primary metric that we're looking at in terms of people and talent is around volume activity. We know that the margins are going to fluctuate. If you look back at our commentary over the last several years, when we're aggressively taking more market share, we do need to add people into those sales and account management roles to facilitate that high volume growth. There have been other periods of time when we've been adapting to aggressive market changes and not experiencing the same significant volume growth, but really focusing in on price changes and adapting to more volatile market conditions where we've talked about leveraging the experienced team that we have more as opposed to adding. So, like many years, we're going into next year with a balanced growth approach, hoping to add to our team and continue to strengthen it, but we will adapt to market conditions largely based upon our view of opportunity for volume and market share opportunities.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. To what extent do you see risk to your core business model from potentially disruptive truck brokerage technology platforms, given the growing number of Uber-like startups in logistics?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. This is a space we're paying very close attention to because quite frankly, we're in it every day. Scale, technology, capital, and access to customers in capacity matter in this regard. I think our advantage is the ability to connect tens of thousands of small, medium, and large customers with hundreds of thousands of small, medium, and large carriers across multiple modes and geographies. This market is significantly more challenging than pulling up a mobile app and securing a ride. It's about connecting customers and carriers across multiple supply chains and transportation management systems. I think the good news is, as John mentioned, we're spending over $100 million a year with our technology team and we've got some really sharp people that are focused exclusively on this area.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, Andy. The next question for John. A little more detail on October. How is the fourth quarter started in terms of demand?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I shared earlier that our net revenue growth has been fairly consistent into October. If you break that down a little bit more, the market has been pretty soft from a demand standpoint. If anything, in the first part of October here, there's maybe a little bit less volume growth and a little bit more margin expansion to get to that consistent net revenue growth. This time of year is always interesting because historically there had been a lot of traditional fall peak activity and volumes had fairly predictably peaked during this time of the year. So things can change quickly and there's still time left, and we don't know exactly what will happen over the next month or two, but the market is pretty soft right now from a demand standpoint.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. What's your opinion on the benefits of asset light companies bulking up on assets in order to get a better seat at the negotiating table during bid season? Is that a strategy you've entertained in this or any other market?"
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: I'll simply say that we're in the business of providing solutions to and solving problems for our customers. Every day, our people partner with our customers and carriers and use our process and technology to accomplish this. I think our results would indicate that our customers and carriers think we're doing a pretty good job of partnering with them. We believe focusing on solutions, regardless of who owns the assets, is the right approach, and I can't think of a situation where a customer has not afforded us a prominent seat at the table because of our non asset-based model.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. Net operating margins have continued to expand in 2015. Understanding mix related to the Phoenix acquisition may limit the ability to return to pre-Phoenix levels. Can you discuss the potential for additional margin improvement from areas the company is able to control internally?"
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So the question is referencing, first, the mix issue on Global Forwarding, where any of the market leaders in the Global Forwarding have lower efficiency ratios in terms of operating income to net revenue, and that's true in our Global Forwarding business as well, too. So that has put some downward pressure on that metric relative to our history. In addition, because we have completed those two large acquisitions of Phoenix and Freightquote, the purchase accounting and some of those amortization costs in those business services also puts some downward pressure on that. We have been able to improve that this year. I would say it's a combination of things. If you go back three years ago, we talked a lot about not only including the purchase accounting from Phoenix, but there was a significant amount of integration spending that we went through, in 2013, especially, where today, I feel like we're harvesting some of those efficiencies, and that service offering has continued to get much more efficient and contribute in a great way to that improved operating income. Where can we go from here? There are other services and other areas that we've been investing in but have not reached scale that we would like to in terms of achieving operating income margins that we think are sustainable. I would throw out Europe as an area where we've invested heavily in the last 20 years and feel like there's opportunity to improve that. Our managed services, as we continue to aggressively implement new relationships, there's a lot of implementation spending that happens early on in those relationships that, as we mature that business it should provide some opportunity for improvement. We've talked about our lack of scale in intermodal and a few other startup or emerging services where we think we could improve that. That, combined with using technology, just to continue to improve our core business processes and what we're doing, we do have a pretty healthy list of ways that we hope to be able to continue to improve that operating margin. We've also acknowledged that, since it is industry-leading in terms of where it's at right now, that in the balance of growth and profitability or efficiency that we want to stay focused on the growth side of the continuum. So we are going to continue to look for ways to grow our business and expand our services, even if they don't always instantly improve that metric for us.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. The next question for Andy around M&A. Please provide an update on your view around the acquisition market, specifically what modal offerings and/or geographies seem attractive, and what is your view?"
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. As John highlighted in the opening comments, this has been and will continue to be a priority for us. We've done two very good acquisitions in the last three years and are very comfortable with our ability to have integrated them. But, as John mentioned, we have a pretty rigorous kind of strategy filter that we run the acquisitions through. So we're aware of a lot of the assets that are out there. We continue to look, every day, at ways of enhancing areas and markets where we think we can generate more scale, and John -- John just mentioned, obviously, Europe is one of those areas that we continue to look at, as well as bolstering our services in North America. We think we're a preferred buyer. We think as a strategic – we are very thoughtful in how we integrate acquisitions. And we're very cognizant of the partners that we choose when we do that. So we have, and we'll continue to look at acquisitions and hope to continue to do more in the future.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. You continue to take share from your competition. Is there a particular company or a particular competitor profile that you're having the most success against?"
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The answer to that is really no, and it speaks to something that we've emphasized a lot in the past, that while this is a very competitive industry, and like most industries, getting more and more competitive all the time, it also remains very fragmented. Really, if you look across all the different service offerings that we have, even though we acknowledge there's a lot of new, worthy competitors, there still are thousands of them in almost every service offering that we have. So while there's a lot of change in the competitive landscape, and it remains a very competitive industry, most of these bids that we're participating in literally have hundreds of providers in each bid scenario that we're working on with our larger customers. With a mix shift and changes and shippers evolving their roles, we're constantly trying to improve our market share and our relationship in terms of the activity, but it's very difficult to understand who you might be taking it from, or in the aggregate, why you're winning or losing against specific people. The last thing that I would share is we do believe that from a 3PL standpoint, a common – a significant trend in the marketplace has been that more and more of the activity out there is, probably, running through a 3PL today versus 10 years ago, so that some of the market share gains are coming from the evolution of the marketplace itself, where models like us are more accepted and maybe not coming directly from a competitor as well.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy, ocean net revenue growth slowed considerably in the third quarter. Is this a function of more difficult comps? Is your 2% net revenue growth in line with, above or below the market?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. I think what we're seeing is a result of multiple rate reductions in the Transpacific Eastbound that has decreased enough to cause customers to request new quotes. The reduction in rates is because of increased capacity and lower volumes being shipped. In quoting new rates we're having to reduce margins to remain competitive. From our research, this is an industry-wide event and quite frankly in line with market if not a little above.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John, I know it's still little early and there's a lot of moving pieces, but do you think customers are interested in securing or perhaps even over-securing capacity for 2016, as they were in 2015? If not, how do you think that manifests itself in bid discussions around pricing?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So we've talked a couple times about the cyclicality in the truckload space and, kind of from our standpoint, how those changes to pricing and changes in capacity availability have cycled over the last five years and really over the last couple of decades. Probably no doubt when you're in a – as part of the cycle like we are now where demand is softening, that it would be very logical that people would be a little bit less concerned about locking down committed capacity for next year, because the sentiment going in is that capacity's going to be more available. We have talked about one of the ongoing tensions in this bid process and trying to anticipate the cycles of truckload is that you can go after very aggressive rates and committed pricing, and if the market moves and tightens up and price increases become more significant than everybody was anticipating, that can be very challenging to your route guide and cause the need for a lot of meaningful adjustments and changes or exposure to the spot market as you go forward, so, probably, less concern about locking down capacity for 2016 today versus a year ago. However, there remains that sort of ongoing tension around really trying to anticipate the cyclicality of the market and make sure that you optimize your approach to the marketplace to get a good outcome for next year.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy, can you comment on the pricing environment in freight forwarding? The ocean freight capacity situation is obvious, but there seems to be more capacity as well in air freight with the belly space growth.
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, the belly space growth comes from the addition of new passenger planes coming online. What we're seeing is market reductions and volumes in both of the ocean and air markets. The oversupply with the decreased volumes is causing quick and frequent reduction to rates. The carriers can't cover the operating cost on freighters at the current levels. So, all the information points to this lasting at least to the end of the year.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John on the sourcing business. Sourcing, once again had a disappointing quarter with net revenue declining 4% year-over-year, what needs to happen to return this business to consistent growth?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So the 4% decline in net revenue was below our internal hopes and expectations, however, when you look at our Robinson Fresh business, very similar to what I talked about in the look ahead comments. The long approach towards adding value is to really improve or increase our participation, our market share around our volume and the types of products and commodities that we're interacting with and integrate those into our transportation services to provide better answers for the customers. We did increase our volume, but similar to truckload, the produce industry is very cyclical as well, too, so we are going to continue – we always have and we will continue to see fluctuations in crop availability and the types of supply and demand relationships that will impact our margins. With a lot of the weather situations and some of the volatility of the various crops that we do buy and sell and distribute for our customers, we do expect to continue to see some volatile results. Our year-to-date net revenue growth for our sourcing business is probably fairly consistent with what our longer term expectations are. And remember that for this Robinson Fresh business, internally, there's also some temperature controlled transportation that is aligned with those perishable commodities. And our temperature controlled transportation results have been consistent with our overall transportation results, providing good growth for the year. So that division with inside of Robinson has done a nice job of servicing their customers and growing their presence in the marketplace, and just due to the nature of the business where we're buying and selling the fresh commodities, we do expect to continue to see some volatility in the net revenue growth from a quarter-to-quarter standpoint.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy about Freightquote. What did Freightquote's organic growth rate look like for its LTL and truckload businesses?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, thanks. As we've mentioned numerous times both on this call and previous, we're pretty pleased with the acquisition of Freightquote and how it fits well into the Robinson culture and our go-to-market strategy. That being said, we don't disclose what the organic growth rate is, although I will share that they are actually tracking to the plan that they laid out and we laid out when we did the acquisition.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. Can you remind us how much of the truck brokerage book of business is contractual versus transactional? Does it stand to reason that if truckload rates are less robust and potentially trend lower in the fourth quarter and 2016, that the contractual business will experience more net revenue margin improvement than the transactional business?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, the definition of committed or contractual business and the definition of spot market, as we've said many times in the past is – it's tough to be very specific. There's a more of a continuum of relationships around where we are in the route guide and what exactly those commitments represent. If you go back 15, 20 years Robinson was almost 100% transactional. We were pretty much reacting every day to what opportunities were available. Over the last couple of decades, as we've integrated in with larger shippers and have participated in a lot of the annual bid processes to sign up for committed volumes and activities, that business has become somewhere around half or maybe a little bit more of our business today. So, our most common answer to that is it's roughly half contracted and half spot market business, but in reality on a day-to-day basis, the amount of freight that's moving under pre-priced contracts versus the amount of freight that's moving in the spot market can change based upon the supply and demand conditions in the marketplace and how the market is reacting. So that's the answer on the first part of the question. From the second part, in terms of will we experience net revenue margin improvement, again, I'd go back to the answer that I gave earlier. The challenging part there is that as we renew these bids in the next couple of quarters and reset the pricing levels in a lot of the committed or contracted freight, we're working with our capacity providers and looking at our historical analytics and anticipating the market to try to come up with what we think is the right approach in 2016. Our net revenue margins will expand or contract largely based on how the market varies from what we were expecting going into these contracts. And the expectations with these contracts are very localized, very decentralized on a customer-specific basis. So that's, as I said earlier, it gets difficult to predict what we think will happen to our net revenue margins. As we shared through October, as 2015 comes to an end, we know that we will probably have some continuation of the net revenue margin expansion in the fourth quarter, just because of where we're at in the marketplace. 2016 gets a lot more challenging to predict.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. Can you discuss freight volume trends as the third quarter progressed and thus far in October?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. They were pretty consistent throughout the quarter. It's what we discussed. Towards the end, there was kind of a slowing of that growth rate towards the end of the quarter. In October, what we're seeing is volumes are still up, but, again, it's up – that growth rate has decreased from where it was in the third quarter.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Okay. Thanks, Andy. The next question is for John. You've been able to grow operating income faster than net income for a few quarters in a row now, which is a nice trend. Are there things that you're doing different to amplify the leverage in the model, and how much more is there to go and how sustainable do you think that it is?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I touched on this briefly earlier, but I think, from a big-picture standpoint, if you rewind to three years ago, we divested of T-Chek, which was perhaps our highest operating margin business; we acquired Phoenix Global Forwarding business, where best-in-class is lower operating margins, and then we had some purchase accounting from that acquisition that, all combined, had a pretty significant impact in that operating income to net revenue metric. While that didn't feel good in 2012, we thought it was the right thing to do for the long-term in that we would be able to integrate and improve the operating margins of our legacy forwarding business and really kind of use the combined scale to continue to improve that service offering which, in fact, has happened. T-Chek has cycled out of the comparisons, and we've been able to leverage some of our technology investments, just to continue to improve the efficiency of the service offering that we acquired there. So, as I kind of laid out earlier, there's a few other subscale areas where we think we have more opportunity to grow, but we also, as I mentioned, feel that we're best in class and that we want to remain sensitive to making sure that we balance growth initiatives and investment with the productivity and profitability initiatives that we have.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Okay thanks, John. Next question for Andy. At what point does the health of the truckload market have a negative effect on your net revenue margin? Is it just a matter of there being a lag between the buy rate and the sell rate? If the cost of transportation is expected to continue to decrease, would you expect the sell rate to follow to the same degree?"
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: I think, as John mentioned earlier in the comments in the Q&A, if you look since 2010, those rates have risen on average over 4%. And we're signing on new truckload carriers every day, 3,000 in the last quarter. So I'm not sure, in terms of the subject of the question, if the assumption is that truckload market is unhealthy. I would tell you that pricing, what we've seen on average, is an increase in truckload pricing and that varies depending on the cyclicality, where we are in the cycle, what quarter we're in. It bounces up, it bounces down. But we think that the expectation is that you look out there across any different industry research report, quite frankly, we think prices are going to continue to rise.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John on the Global business. How sluggish is the activity in China and what's the factor on your volume outlook?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, as we've talked in our Global Forwarding business, our number one corridor is Transpacific Eastbound and we are the number one NVOCC from China to the U.S. So the deceleration or the decline in the growth rate of shipments out of China does have an impact on our expectation of ocean volumes, particularly from China to the U.S. However, even though we're proud of our market share and our scale and the improvements we've made there, we still represent a single-digit market share in terms of the activity that's going and the market in China is still growing, even though it's not growing at the pace that it was before. So, if you put those two things together, it's still a growing market and we still have a lot of market share opportunity to go after and we feel like we have some pretty compelling value propositions to go to the marketplace with. So, while it clearly has an impact and is material to a lot of the things in the world, it doesn't really dampen our excitement around the ability to grow our Global Forwarding business.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. So I think we've been able to cover the primary topics that were sent to us in the questions last night and early this morning. If you have any follow-up that you'd like from Andy, John, or myself please reach out to me and I'd be happy to schedule some time for us to talk further. I'd like to thank everybody for participating in the call this morning and remind you that there will be a replay available in the Investor Relations section of our website. And you can get access to that by dialing 888-203-1112 and entering the pass code 359696 and that replay will be available through November 4. Again, if you have any additional questions or would like follow-up please call me, Tim Gagnon, at 952-683-5007 or via e-mail at tim.gagnon@chrobinson.com. Thank you, everybody. Have a great day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Second Quarter 2015 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today's presentation, Tim Gagnon will facilitate a review of previously submitted questions. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, July 29, 2015. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Gagnon, the Director of Investor Relations. Please, go ahead sir.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. On our call this morning will be John Wiehoff, Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Clarke, our new Chief Financial Officer. Andy joined us in June and has extensive experience in our industry. Prior to joining Robinson, he served as the President and CEO of Panther Expedited Services and the CFO of Forward Air after rolled in investment banking and corporate finance. John and Andy will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our second quarter and we will follow that with a response to the pre-submitted questions we received after earnings release yesterday. Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate the discussion. These slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is located at chrobinson.com. John and Andy will be referring to these slides in their prepared comments. I'd like to remind you that comments made by John, Andy or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. With that, I'll turn it over to John to begin his prepared comments on slide three with a review of our second quarter results.
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Tim, and good morning everyone. I'll start by highlight some of our key long-term financial metrics that we focus in on every quarter. So on that slide three, our total revenues of $3.5 billion for the quarter represent a 1.2% increase over the previous year. Net revenues of $584 million represent a 12.1% increase over last year's second quarter. Our operating income or income from operations increased 14.3% for the quarter, one of the things that we often reference is our growth in income from operations relative to our net revenues and our hopes to mirror that over time or exceed it if possible. And so we like the fact that our income from operations grew in excess of the net revenue growth rate. Earnings per share of $0.94 compared to $0.80 last year represents a 17.5% increase. We're proud of the results. We think it's a good quarter. If you look at a couple of the other metrics that we share there, our average head count is up 10%. That's including Freightquote; if you eliminate the impact of Freightquote it's about a 1.5% increase for the quarter, but we like our performance for the quarter. We're investing in our business and obviously as we'll get into, there were some things in the marketplace and some marketplace trends that went in our favor throughout the quarter. And we talked often in the past about those market cycles and how a lot of the value that we try to add is to protect our customers from exposure, either pricewise or service-wise do those market cycles. So sometimes they go against us and sometimes they go in our favor and we're acknowledging that this quarter some market conditions went in our favor, particularly in the truckload sector. But in addition I hope from an overall perspective one of the other things that you take away from the call is the fact that we are making a lot of longer term investments that we feel positive about. Some of the headline items have been the larger acquisitions with Phoenix and Freightquote that we feel very positive about. We've been making investments in our sales force and going after both market share volume, but also trying to have balanced growth around how we grow our profitability and our margins as well, so organic and inorganic growth. I mentioned that we're investing in our team. It's important in our definition of balanced growth that we invest in both the human capital to grow our business, but also the technology and the productivity gains to make them more efficient and to add value to our customers in better and better ways. So, that's been our formula for sustainable growth that when the market moves in our direction we'll take advantage of it and when it goes against us we'll do the best that we can. And over time we think our average results are going to be very good and create a lot of shareholder value and that's what I think you saw in this quarter. So, moving off those overall enterprise results to slide four, talking about transportation that makes up the majority of the business on slide four. Always like to remind everybody that there are a lot of factors that impact our transportation net revenue margin percentage but, nonetheless, I think it is helpful to start by looking at it on an overall basis, because there is a lot of relationship between the various modes of transportation and integrated services and how we interact with the marketplace. From a total transportation standpoint, total revenues were up 2.9% to $3.1 billion, net revenues of $548 million or a 12.8% increase in transportation. The chart on slide four that shows our overall net revenue margin percentage shows 17.5% for the quarter, compared to 16% a year ago or 150 basis point improvement. Throughout the individual transportation services and upcoming slides, we will highlight a number of the items that are impacting that from a C.H. Robinson perspective and summarize the various factors that are impacting it. The most material in the quarter would be fuel. We've given examples and talked in the past about fuel behaving as a surcharge pass-through in the majority of our business, particularly on the truckload side. If you do the math of reducing the price of fuel on both what we charge our customers and pay our carriers and reducing both amounts by an equal amount, it creates margin percentage expansion and with the meaningful reduction in fuel year-over-year that is the most material impact driving that net revenue margin percentage change in the second quarter. The second most material item in that would be the mix. If you factor in, this does include the results of Freightquote and higher growth in LTL, higher growth in ocean services and higher growth in shorter length of haul truckload services, all which have a higher net revenue margin percentage on a comparable basis. So, mix issues are number two on the materiality scale of that margin comparison. And the third factor that again I'll get into by each individual item does relate to pricing and the fact that, particularly in our contractual or committed pricing arrangements, there can be timing differences in terms of how we adjust to the market and when prices move. And as you'll see on some of the services, the pricing to the customers increased at a slightly greater percentage than what our cost of hire was during the quarter. But that would be the third most material thing in terms of explaining that variance. So those are comments that we'll share on an overall basis about our transportation. And then moving from that to slide five and our truckload results, which represent over half of our revenues. For the quarter, you see that truckload net revenues grew at 8.6%. It was indicated on the first slide a quarter ago I guess when we were talking about our first quarter results, we did indicate that April started slower than our first quarter had been trending. And as you see in our second quarter results here, throughout the quarter, the months of May and June improved during it to finish at 8.6% net revenue growth for the quarter. Freightquote did add about 3.5% net revenue growth to the truckload category. So some of that was from the acquisition, but also the larger growth came from the improvement in the net revenue margin and the trends throughout the quarter. Andy will touch a little bit more and give you some quantification of that, but as I mentioned in my opening comments, we did see market conditions improvement throughout the quarter. Our North American truckload volume grew 7%. So in the upper right-hand corner of slide five, we give some of the key metrics that support that truckload activity, with volume being a key one. Similar to the first quarter, volume ended up 7%, with about 3% of that being acquired volume from Freightquote and 4% being our legacy organic growth from our network. We do see a lot of activity in the marketplace with regards to bid activity, and we do believe that our volume growth increases this year have come from success in those bid opportunities and doing a good job of responding to the requests of our more committed or contractual customers. We did see less spot market activity in the second quarter of this year compared to a year ago. It becomes very difficult, as we've talked in the past, there is no real clean definition of committed or contractual freight versus spot market freight. In our book of business, there's a continuum of pricing commitments and relationships on the extremes. There's very transactional activity where you price it (10:00) and there's no commitment either way; and similarly on large bids there can be very high expectations of committed performance. But there are a lot of different variations in the middle. Overall, though, it's pretty clear that compared to a year-ago where market conditions were much more volatile and route guide compliance was a lot lower a year ago, that in this year's second quarter, there was less spot market activity and more freight that was tendered and executed in accordance with contracts and committed pricing. Another important metric when you look up in that upper right-hand corner, again it's difficult because our network is so diverse and we have pricing that is very diverse across tens of thousands of lanes. What we try to do to share those pricing dynamics is do the best we can to scrub out fuel surcharges and get down to consistent pricing comparisons to the best we can. Those estimates are in the upper right-hand corner. I mentioned earlier in talking about total transportation that we did have some pricing improvement throughout the quarter. Our best estimates of that above are that our average pricing to shippers increased 3% year-over-year and our average cost of hire went up 2.5%. Couple of additional comments that we can share with you about that, again that pricing represents a blend of all of those different types of customer relationships that I described earlier. In the contractual or committed category of pricing in this quarter, in many cases the increases were slightly higher than that. I think we would estimate 3% to 5% as being a market range of the types of price increases. And because of the spot market changes that I described earlier, in many cases certain prices were lower than a year-ago based on year-over-year comparisons of market conditions. Another comment that I would share with you, because I know that it's important to all of us to understand the trends and what's sustainable, is that one of the things we often talk about and feel that we have unique exposure to in the marketplace is the variables created by produce season. Because of our market leading presence there, and when products starts to ship and when those produce commodities come to market, can have a meaningful impact on when and how the cost of capacity starts to change. Typically, we see a cost of increase throughout the second quarter where the normal trend would be that the cost of hire would increase throughout the quarter. And one of the observations that we would make is we did see a slower rate of increase throughout the quarter than we typically would have. In some cases that could be attributed to a later start of the produce shipping in the produce season. It could be related to softer economic demand overall, just creating a softer market. And those are the sorts of things that become important to us in adapting to the market every day and every week and making sure that we're servicing our customers and fulfilling the commitments that we have. But nonetheless, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, our customer shipper pricing did exceed the average cost of hire for the quarter and that was positive for our net revenue margin expansion. One other comment on this page that is important for those of you who follow our business is the last bullet point that we did add over 3,000 new carriers in the second quarter of 2015. That is a record high for us. An important part of our value add on the truckload services is the fact that it's a very fragmented market and that we can work with our shippers to get the most efficient and effective access to the right carrier for the right shipment at the right time. As we've talked in the past, we have more than 50,000 carriers under contract and we are constantly adding to that. There is a lot of churn. So in the short-term we don't know exactly what type of relationship and the amount of freight that will be moved by those 3,000 carriers. But it is an important Vitality Index to know that there is capacity coming into the marketplace and that we are growing our access and relationships to those at a record pace. Moving then to slide six in our LTL results. You see our net revenues in LTL increased 35.8% for the quarter. That does include the significant LTL net revenue that was acquired in the Freightquote acquisition. Overall the net revenue margin for the LTL services did increase in the second quarter. That also was impacted by the mix issues that I talked about. Andy will share some comments about the Freightquote business and the higher nature margin of that transactional business in LTL. Our volumes, as you can see, were up 33% with approximately 20% of that growth coming from Freightquote. We did have good volume growth in our legacy LTL business. We've talked in the past about our market leading capabilities and the capabilities that we have around executing with larger more dedicated customers. We feel very good about our market presence and the share that we are gaining in that. During the second quarter, it did not translate into similar net revenue growth in the legacy business. That's a combination of reasons. I think fuel has an impact in the LTL area. That's a little bit different than in our truckload space, as well as just some price compression in the more higher volume dedicated business that we bid on. But nonetheless, we think this is an area that's similar to truckload where we have a market leading presence and we feel good about our capabilities. Moving to slide seven in our intermodal results. Intermodal net revenue increased 6.2% in the quarter. And as you can see in the comments, similar to the first quarter, the majority of that growth came from the acquisition of Freightquote. As we've said in the past, we're proud of our capabilities and our service in this area. We know that we add a lot of value to the customers that we work with in the intermodal space, but we do not have a market-leading presence. Scale is very important and we have found it tougher to grow this service line. But, nonetheless, we remain committed to it and we'll continue to invest and grow that service for our customers. Moving to slide eight in our global forwarding services of air, ocean, and customs, fairly similar messages to past quarters around this. We had overall net revenue growth of 8.6% for the quarter on global forwarding, led by the ocean revenue of 17%, air net revenues decreasing 9.9% and customs net revenues increasing 6.4%. Same story here that we've invested significantly the last three years in strengthening our network and our operational capabilities in our global forwarding business and we feel very good about our current capabilities and where we're at. Our core strength is in the Transpacific corridor and specifically being number one in the NVOCC rankings between China and North America. So we're trying to build market share and leverage that core strength of ocean services and also investing in our air and services and other corridors around the world. Our airfreight net revenues for the quarter is being down, we did have some pricing changes in the marketplace and some variances in volumes with larger customers that drove that. Growth in airfreight is an important key initiative for us and our total customer account did grow and we feel like we are expanding our presence in the airfreight, but given the relevance of size and density to your margins and net revenue and the fluctuations in the marketplace, we do expect to see the net revenue on the airfreight line item to fluctuate a little bit more aggressively. Moving then to slide nine in our other logistics services, again the largest item in this category is our transportation management services. Net revenues increased 22.6% for the quarter. As we've talked in the past, this is a very important growth area for us. One, because it reflects the current marketplace and where the opportunity is to engage with a lot of our customers. It represents the scale capabilities that we have to really work with larger customers on a more integrated way. And as I, again have commented often in the past there's a little bit different business model in a lot of our transportation management services where it is much more common to have a five-year contract or a three to five-year contract. We do spend or invest a fair amount of implementation dollars in those newer relationships, so we continue to grow with new customers and we're investing significantly in the implementation costs to grow that business and we feel very positive about the long-term value creation that could come from that. The last service line on slide 10, our sourcing results resorts or Robinson Fresh as we're branded in the marketplace. You see a net revenue increase of 2.2% for the second quarter and that was driven by some of the growth in our strategic commodities. Again for those of you to remind you or to inform those who are not familiar, the strategic commodities produce and produce sourcing for us works very similar to some of the transportation markets, where we can add more value in the commodities that are fragmented or nomadic and follow the sun around the planet and we did see growth in those categories. The total revenue is declining by 10%. That is representative of the fact that this is the sourcing revenues where we take title to the product. And really across the industry there were some meaningful price declines in a number of the categories that we do business in. So that is reflective, really, of just the reduced price activity in the marketplace where a year ago I think there were some freezes and some weather conditions that drove prices up and this year we saw declines in general across most of the categories that we deal with. That net revenue margin improvement represents a return to something that we feel is in the normal range of where we can conduct our sourcing activities going forward. So that concludes my comments by service area. With that, I will turn it over to Andy Clarke. As Tim mentioned, he is making his C.H. Robinson Public Forum debut with us. I know that a number of you know Andy from the industry in the past as do I and a number of the rest of us here at Robinson. He has been with us for 60 days and we're very proud to have him be a part of the team at Robinson. So with that, I will turn it over to him.
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: That you, John. I appreciate the kind words. Robinson is a great company and I'm really excited to be on the team. For nearly 20 years I've had the good fortune to interact with a number of Robinson people and I've always been impressed. Now being on the inside, I can tell you that the reputation, the accolades and the awards like the Inbound Logistics #1 3PL for the fifth year in a row are well-deserved. And now to the numbers, I'm starting on slide 11 with our summarized income statement. As John mentioned earlier, our net revenue accelerated during the quarter. Net revenue per day for April, ended up 7.5% as we saw performance improving, going into the last week of the month. That trend continued in May and June as net revenue per day increased 15% and 14%, respectively. Month-to-date in July, our total company net revenue per day is up just over 12% from the same period last year. I'd like to now spend a little time on our operating ratios and some of the expense categories contributing to the excellent bottom line results our people deliver. We improved operating income as a percent of net revenue by 70 basis points during the quarter to 39.2%. We focused quite a bit on this metric and these results represent our best performance in the past 10 quarters. Personnel expenses, our largest expense item were up 10.5% in the quarter. Almost the entire amount of the dollar increase is attributable to the additional head count related to Freightquote. Both historical Robinson as well as Freightquote operated more efficiently this quarter than in the same quarter last year. A majority of the rest of the increase in expenses is related to our variable incentive plans. Congratulations to the Robinson team for its ability to serve our customers, grow the business and manage expenses. Other SG&A expenses increased 11.3%. Again, the Freightquote acquisition, including amortization expense of $1.9 million was the primary driver of the increase. As John mentioned, we are very pleased with the acquisition of Freightquote and the integration is proceeding very well. Our philosophy has been and will continue to be to acquire high quality companies and successfully integrate them. Total operating expenses increased 10.7% in the quarter, which is well below our net revenue growth. As a percent of net revenue, total operating expenses decreased to 60.8% in this year's second quarter from 61.5% in the second quarter of last year. Moving on to slide 12, another financial information. We had a very strong cash flow quarter generating just over $150 million in cash flow from operations. Capital expenditures were $12.9 million through the second quarter. As we discussed during our first quarter call, we expect full-year 2015 capital expenditures to be between $40 million and $50 million. The additional expenses in the back half of the year relate to the building of a second data center. We finished the quarter with total debt of $1.13 billion. The balance on our revolver is $630 million with a 1.3% rate and our long-term debt remains unchanged at $500 million with an average coupon of 4.28%. And finally, before turning it back to John, I'd like to cover our capital distribution to shareholders on slide 13. During the quarter, we returned approximately $106 million to shareholders and that broke out with just over $57 million in dividend and $49 million in ongoing share repurchases. In the last five-and-a-half years, we have returned $2.8 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. During the most recent quarter, we returned approximately 78% of net income to shareholders. Our target continues to be to return approximately 90% of net revenue to shareholders annually. Thank you very much for your time today. We appreciate your interest in our company. I will now turn it back to John for his closing comments.
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Andy. Just a few high-level statements addressing slide 14 and a look ahead before we transfer into the Q&A. Just reiterating what Andy stated earlier that our enterprise net revenue per day is up 12% in July. That's one data point that we share with you. As a reminder, I think this quarter is a good example of how market conditions can move quickly and things can change fairly fast, which makes it difficult to forecast or give longer term guidance in our business. But the improvement that we saw in May and June has carried on to a large extent in early July. Freightquote, talked about it a number of times. I think the summary comment there half a year into it is that we believe we bought a great business. Tim Barton and the team down there were doing a lot of very positive things that we've put together a very thoughtful integration plan that we're well into and the results are working. The Freightquote integration has a lot to do with our segmentation strategies. The business that Freightquote has a lot of success with is predominantly small customer LTL activity. And as we've looked at how we want to continue to compete in the marketplace that's a segment that we're very interested in, but have not always invested in our network with the same commitment of resources that we have to the larger more strategic customers. So, Freightquote is a great business. It's helped reinvigorate one of the segments that we do have capabilities in, and I think that's at the core of why the acquisition will work and continue to provide lots of career growth and opportunity for their employees as well as create some shareholder value for the C.H. Robinson network. The last comment, we used the term balanced growth, and I started to touch on this and commenting about why we felt positive about our results for the quarter. But I just want to touch on it a little bit more because I do think it is how we try to differentiate ourselves and create the right culture for our employees and the right atmosphere to service our customers in a way that we think is unique and it really does focus on sustainable, long-term balanced growth. We talk a lot about pursuing market share gains and that's, obviously, a very important metric for us in the long run. That's how we create value and that's how we grow the network. But we don't just pursue market share at the expense of the other metrics that matter to us as well around margin improvement and customer service and some of the other things that we balance with that to try to create the right mix of those metrics to create stakeholder value for everybody involved and provide the right career paths for our employees. As we talked about in people metrics, we are adding to the network after some volatile years of market swings up and down, we do feel like we're in a little bit more consistent environment and we're confident that it's the right thing to do to be investing in our team and growing our network, so we expect to continue to do that. Throughout the remainder the year, I feel very good about the technology investment. Chad has transitioned fully into that role and we're spending more money than ever to make sure that we're properly positioned to be competitive in our technology platform of Navisphere and making certain that we're balancing productivity gains with all of the human capital talent that we're putting into the network. And maybe most importantly, we do continue to feel very proud about the culture that we have at Robinson and the long-term focus that enables us to do the right thing for our customers regardless of those market conditions, as I mentioned earlier, and that's what we'll continue to pursue. On the challenges side, the thing that I think is worth sharing, because when we've talked about our long-term double-digit EPS growth goal, over the last five or six quarters, we've been able to exceed that. But one of the things that we've shared pretty consistently over the last three or four years is that when we do meet with our larger customers, there does continue to be a fair amount of what I would label as broader economic uncertainty that correlates to overall freight activity in those large customers. A number of the large retailers, manufacturers and food and beverage customers that we've dealt with for a long period of time continue in this time period of the last three or four years to be much more focused on supply chain efficiency and cost takeout as opposed to the tailwind of market share growth and volume gains that were prevalent for a long period of time before that. So when you ask us sort of what on the negative side or on the challenge side, what do we continue to think about, it does feel like some of the tailwind in our industry that was there for a long time of underlying organic freight growth is maybe a little bit more challenged in some of those bigger customers over the more recent period than it has been in the past. And then secondly, I know we always get a lot of questions and talk about the fact that technology is changing very quickly and our industry is changing very quickly. And while we feel very good about where we're at today with Navisphere from a competitive standpoint, we do have to constantly stay alert to how quickly things are changing and any technological disruption that is out there. We factor all those variables into that balanced growth concept and feel like we're doing the right thing to mix them together and add value. So with that, that ends our prepared comments on the quarter as well as high-level thoughts to look ahead. And with that, I will turn it back to Tim to facilitate some of the Q&A that was submitted.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. And as always thank you to the analysts and investors that take the time to submit questions. After we released on Tuesday, we've got a lot of great questions. We'll do our best to get to all of them. And I welcome calls to try to get to the questions that we don't have time to answer. Calls or email, please follow-up with me I'm happy to schedule time.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: So we'll get right into it here. And the first question is for John. And that is around productivity. Could you talk about sales force productivity trends and your outlook on your ability to drive North America truckload and LTL volume on an organic basis as well as what opportunities you see with Freightquote?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, drilling into those productivity gains that I referenced a couple of times, one of the common themes across our network is that we have evolved a lot of our roles and job families to conform more to how the marketplace and our business is changing. I referenced the segmentation initiatives on the customer side of the business. And as we've grown to be a larger global enterprise, one of the things we've become more sensitive to is making certain that we have the right specialization of sales and sales people with the right competency matching up with the customers with the right capabilities and where they want to buy in the marketplace. So, when we look at productivity, it's different today than it's been in the past around the various segments and the various activities that we have. More and more the operational activity is being isolated and automated for efficiency. On a high-level basis, we feel very good, as I mentioned in the opening comments, that our volume growth really in most every service this quarter exceeded our head count growth in terms of the talent that we're adding. And that is our long-term objective is to continue to provide the right types of career paths, the right types of training and really focus those people exactly where they can be most effective in the marketplace; and we do think that's translating into salespeople and operational productivities that are helping us create value. Now, those gains come with a lot of investment and a lot of effort, and at the same time making certain that we have the right people and the right team put together and the right culture is probably the most important thing that's driving the success of our business. So that balanced growth initiative is all about balancing the two of those. Tying in the Freightquote question, one of the things we're much more aware of and focused on today is the uniqueness that's required to serve those very small transactional customers that might literally only ship with you once a quarter or a couple of times per year, and how do you create the right information management and customer service for an experience like that relative to somebody who you might be doing hundreds of shipments per day with. So, we do have an evolving set of metrics and different capabilities, and again the branding and focus that Freightquote investment has brought to our network we think will also be an enhancement to our productivity.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. Operating margin was much better than we expected. Is that a factor of Phoenix and Freightquote operating margins sustainably better than originally targeted, as well as improving on last quarter?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. It was very strong quarter for our operating margin in most of our key metrics. We had really good results in all of our business units, including Phoenix and Freightquote. It has been and will continue to be our goal to grow operating expenses less than net revenues and we were able to accomplish that in the second quarter. John talked just before about balanced growth, and I think this shows we can do it. We're focused on growing our market share profitably with an ongoing commitment to optimization and efficiency.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. Can you discuss what the company saw in terms of spot freight availability? Do you agree that there is less spot freight available due to shippers moving more freight under contractual arrangements, as a result of concern about capacity availability? If yes, what percentage of lower spot freight was the result of economic conditions and what percent was the result of shipper actions?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We do see a trend in marketplace in our business reviews. I think it's been fairly well-established and we would agree with the notion that transportation, particularly full truckload transportation is ripe for higher than inflation price increases in the future due to driver shortages and the increasing cost of equipment and emissions control and all the rest of those things. So it is a pervasive practice and something that we agree with that more and more of the larger customers are trying to contract out or get committed pricing on more of their freight to make certain that they can protect themselves and plan their own supply chain against a marketplace that has more and more uncertainty. So that is definitely something that we see. I do believe that our engagement in those contractual relationships was a positive for us in the quarter that when, as I described earlier, the market settles down from a spot market activity that those commitments and that dedicated volume, particularly with more available capacity in the marketplace was a very positive thing for us in the quarter. The question asks around the quantification of it. And as we said in the past, we wish we could. That's a very difficult thing, because of the wide variety of types of commitments and the continuum of relationships that we have, but we do believe that more than half of our truckload shipments that we moved in the quarter were on committed or contracted pricing and that's very different than 20 years ago, exactly how it moves from week to week and this quarter over last quarter, it's difficult to be more precise about that. But definitely a trend in the marketplace that's relevant and had an impact on our results for the quarter.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Okay, thanks, John. And the next question again for you, with the looser spot market capacity seems to played a positive role in the acceleration of organic net revenue growth in May and June, as you were able to arbitrage this against your committed rate. This has continued into July. But is there any concern that shippers will start to push back against your committed rates given the current market dynamics. Essentially I'm asking, is this type of net revenue margin benefit sustainable?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, one of the realities of the marketplace that feeds into the previous comment that I made is that while there is a lot of bids and a lot of contractual commitments that get fulfilled in the marketplace, the reality of it is that the market is much more fluid than the paper might always indicate. And when market conditions move aggressively, sometimes it will provoke earlier rebidding of activity than might have otherwise been anticipated. Obviously, when the market prices change aggressively, like they did a year ago, you see a lot of people in the marketplace going after more lucrative opportunities or changing things. So, there's this template of relationships and expectations and contracts. We've always been very proud and believe that we fulfill our commitments as well as anybody in the marketplace, hopefully better and that we understand those. But whenever the marketplace moves, there's always the potential for reaction, either on the provider side or the shipper side, and that is exactly what we do every day and our account managers to continue to add value. So I wouldn't say there's concern because that's what we've been doing for 110 years, but the reality of it is even though the market is becoming more and more committed, you always have to be prepared for how the market is going to continue to evolve and how anybody may react to that and how we may need to adjust.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. What is your outlook for capacity availability especially as the new ELD rule and other regulatory requirements are rolled out between now and the end of the year? Do you believe the ELD requirement will result in an immediate tightening of capacity, or do you believe it will take time to see any impact?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Our outlook for capacity overall remains positive. Congratulations to our team. They signed up, as John mentioned, 3,000 brand new carriers in the quarter. What's interesting is that those carriers on average ran eight loads each for us. So not only did we sign them up, but we immediately put them to work. With respect to ELDs, the final rules are scheduled to come out later this year and based on our time spent with the regulators, the implementation will extend over the next couple of years. The impact on capacity just like in any of the other regulatory chains will be felt over time. Again very similar with other regulatory changes, we would expect that certain industry groups will contest the current state of the rule and where things ultimately end up, quite frankly, will be different than where they are now, but it'll also be different than many of us can quite frankly predict.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Okay. Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. Please discuss any updated thoughts with respect to M&A. Are there any verticals, geographies that are more attractive for CHRW? What is management's current view with respect to consolidation in the brokerage space and longer term implications for growth and returns?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No change on the overall strategy. And just to repeat it quickly is that, we are primarily focused on high quality M&A opportunities with more focus on the service offerings or regions where we lack the scale and the market leadership that we have in many of our services. So, things like intermodal, things like managed services, I referenced airfreight and other regions of the world in terms of global forwarding where we believe we could have a disproportionately positive impact to our network by adding scale and adding high-quality businesses to that. So, we are looking. We are focused on that with a very similar philosophy to what we've had in the past. Our view with regards to consolidation, I think the relevant point about all that is maybe what I talked earlier from a segmentation standpoint. Your size and scale in the marketplace does impact the sorts of things that you can hopefully be more effective at doing. There are tens of thousands of brokers in the United States and that or more in Europe and other parts of the world and that broad brokerage network can compete transactionally in a lot of the local markets and we see that every day. I think we've talked in the past about one of the bigger competitive landscape changes that we've seen over the last five or six years is more people aggressively going after scale. Maybe scale in one service line or scale in their global footprint, so that they can combine services and aspire to provide more integrated things. So, the consolidation, if you will, in our industry is relevant from the standpoint of it changes who you might see in certain bids and what their capabilities would be, but the balance of all of that as we have continued to talk about too, is that part of the reason why people are investing and trying to gain scale is because we do believe that the longer term trends are favorable, that more of the marketplace is going through a 3PL or the type of provider. So from the terms of ultimate competitiveness and pricing and margins, it's a balance of broader industry growth and opportunity with how the globe is changing with the level of investment and the capability and competitiveness of the companies that are coming in and investing in that. So certainly a relevant topic that we're paying attention to. And I mentioned it a couple of times, but we have in the last three years completed the two largest acquisitions in our 110-year history. So while we are being more focused and looking for high-quality companies, we are participating to a slight degree in terms of being able to align ourselves with some high-quality companies that we've known for a long time and feel are having a good impact on our network.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy and it relates to the Freightquote deal. When you announced the Freightquote deal, the company mentioned a $7 million per year increase in interest expense associated with the transaction. Interest and other was down a little bit in the quarter, however, are there one-time items that impacted that line or is the financing cost just coming in lower-than-expected?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. No, during the quarter we had a one-time credit of just under $1 million that impacted that number. However, going forward our interest expense will be approximately $7 million per quarter.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Okay. Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. Can you clarify what was behind the 10% decline in sourcing gross revenue, particularly given that the case volume was up?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think I drifted into answering this question in the prepared comments which is the fact that we do source and distribute, take title to a variety of commodities in that perishable area. And a number of the items that we deal with do have ultimate market prices that fluctuate rather meaningfully based on market conditions and crop output. And really the gross revenues in that service line being down are just a reflection of across many categories just across-the-board reduction in the price of those commodities compared to a year ago.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. It sounds like Freightquote.com has better net revenue margins than your traditional LTL business. Can you remind us why this dynamic exists?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Following up on John's earlier comments, it's the difference in customer mix between Freightquote and traditional C.H. Robinson LTL business. Freightquote has a high concentration of small transactional customers, which is quite frankly it's great for us, because it's an area we're focusing on. Typically this is a higher margin business, whereas the traditional Robinson customer profile tends to be larger high volume shippers with outsource agreements while it's higher volume, it's lower margin, we can execute it very efficiently.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, Andy. The next question again for you, what was the driver of the business trend acceleration in May, June, and July? It seems like the rest of the freight market has seen sluggishness?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. The faster growth in these three months is primarily the result of increased truckload net revenue per shipment. Usually at this time in the peak season, we have a bit more pressure with our purchase transportation costs, but right now, there's enough available capacity that we are able to manage our costs effectively. We would agree that with the comment that the market seems to be a bit sluggish, but again, we've been able to hold our volume growth pretty steady thus far in July.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. Please discuss your thoughts around the source of the 7% North America truckload volume growth during the quarter, specifically the 4% excluding Freightquote. I am assuming it's a combination of many factors, but are you seeing more contractual commitments driving this growth or is it from employee efficiencies as your recent head count additions become more productive or something else?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think this question ties back to a number of the earlier comments that I've made really under the umbrella of our balanced growth culture and mentality that we are very focused on longer-term goals of gaining market share, but are also balanced on not trying to do that at the expense of making commitments that aren't sustainable or below market pricing that we know we're going to have to adjust at a different time. So, we have the sales force that we're investing in, dedicated account managers that we're investing in. And we are responding to the changes in the marketplaces that I discussed earlier around a greater prevalence of desire for commitments and pricing and committed freight. So we're pursuing all of that and what we think is a balanced way, and it did lead to good volume growth in the quarter. Similarly, the second part of the question around employee efficiency and head count, you do need to add to your team in order to successfully grow this business. I think everybody in our industry has eventually acknowledged that that there still is a lot about the relationships and the talent and the human element that grows our business, but there's also no doubt that the technology is changing and the productivity opportunities are training and you have to do both. So, the statement in the question around it's a combination of many factors is dead on. And I think we've hit on most of them today in terms of describing how we're approaching the marketplace and what we believe drove the success in the quarter.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. Next one again for you. Investors have seemingly become tepid on transportation names, believing that the manufacturing softness may play into the retail side. While we know it is difficult to predict the future, what is your current outlook heading into the second half of the year and your general discussions with your large customers?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I touched on this a little bit earlier in the challenges side of the outlook. I would probably temper those comments less specifically to the second half of 2015 and maybe more just towards our long-term investor guidance and why we're talking about our business a little bit differently today than maybe five years ago, is that it does feel like, particularly with our larger customers, that economic conditions here in North America, just they're not as focused on growth gains and market share as they were maybe 10 years ago and more focused on supply chain efficiency and savings, which is why we see opportunity and growth in our managed services, which is why our technology spending and account management spending and investment is as high as it's ever been because we're responding to those opportunities in the marketplace and continue to feel really good about what those will provide for us. The situation in Asia continues to be something that we monitor as well, too, around the health of those economies and the production activity and how our growth will occur. And again, for a number of years, with that core lane that we're involved in from China to North America, the double-digit growth was almost assured. And while we still see a lot of future opportunity in that, it's maybe a little bit less and a little bit uncertain exactly what it's going to be based on how things are moving. I do think that's one of the relevant backdrops that has impacted our thought process of where we're investing and how we're going to the marketplace and how we think we'll be able to add value over the next decade as opposed to the past 100 years.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. With the strong level of buybacks, why is share count not noticeably declining from 1Q?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: It really relates to the timing of the repurchases and the impact it's had on the weighted shares. So, the difference in the weighted average share count between Q1 and Q2 was just over 700,000 shares. And again, we repurchased 766,000 shares in the quarter, so it really just relates to the timing of when we did those purchases.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Okay, thanks, Andy. Back to John here. What's the outlook for both the air and ocean freight markets in the second half of 2015 and beyond?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, drilling a little deeper into our Global Forwarding division and kind of where our heads are at, I talked about our investments the last three years and how we like our operational capabilities and our go-to-market strategies today in that Global Forwarding business. We are very confident that we're going to continue to be able to create value and grow that business in the long term. If you recap some of the events over the last year or so, the port strike on the West Coast was a big deal in terms of some of the disruption. We've recently published some whitepaper thoughts around the Panama Canal and all the investment that's happening to change the flow of freight, talked earlier about our airfreight investments and the dynamics between air and ocean. When we kind of put that all together, we've had a great run the last three years with growing our net revenues pretty meaningfully every quarter since the acquisition of Phoenix three years ago. And while we still feel great about the long term, we did comment last year that our comparisons in the third quarter and fourth quarter for the Global Forwarding business will probably be a little bit more challenging because we're comparing to periods of pretty meaningful disruption a year ago. I commented about airfreight and how that becomes very reactive to the current marketplace and supply chains. So, we're investing in the long-term capabilities and market share gains there, but those results could be a little bit more volatile going forward as well, too.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Okay. Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. Given the plethora of rapidly growing truck brokerage-based logistics companies in the U.S., would you say the competitive intensity is the same or greater than it was five years ago? How would you see the competitive landscape playing out over the next five years?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, we do see some of the competitors growing and pursuing scale through acquisition, as John mentioned, there are more larger competitors today than five years ago. And quite frankly, we welcome the competition; it makes us better. Our approach, however, which we happen to believe is the right one, has been to focus on our customers by helping them improve their supply chain and drive better results. We know we will always have competitors that can offer brokerage services, but we also know, and quite frankly this is where we're focused, is that there are very few non-asset based competitors that have the people, the network, the processes and the technology to offer the same breadth of services on a global scale. I happened to have the good fortune of sitting in on a customer presentation yesterday, it's a multibillion-dollar global manufacturer with 26 facilities located across the globe, and they had their entire senior leadership team in on the logistics side for some strategic planning. And our ability to show them the global scale, the in-transit visibility across all different modes of transportation, I think they quickly realized, and we're doing business with them right now, that they can't get that service from any other competitor that's out there.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. LTL volumes excluding Freightquote look to be up 13% year-over-year. This seems well above the market. Can you elaborate?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, this is probably drilling down a little bit into our LTL service line, and I started to go there in the prepared comments. We do believe we're the market leader in terms of 3PL services in the LTL space. And we're investing significantly in our capabilities to go into larger customers and really help them understand the best way to ship that LTL freight. And as the marketplace move towards more e-commerce and smaller-size shipments, so we think it's an area that's really right for a greater and greater value proposition. We do believe that we can continue to take market share. Those larger integrated customers do have a little bit different business model or relationship with us in terms of the effort and expectation that it takes to understand their business and to make sure that we flow the data and make the best decisions. A lot of the supply chains change and get more complex and move faster, a lot of the opportunity for us to add value in that space has really been a more effective route guide to make sure that the right types of freight is going to the right people in the right quantities. And we're very proud of the fact that we think the LTL partners that we work with in the marketplace that not only can we add value on the shipper side, but that we can do a better job with those carrier partners by giving them the freight that they really want and makes their network more optimal as well, too. I think it's just a great example of why the 3PL industry exists and is growing is that in the evolution of supply chains, in a more competitive market, the better intelligence that you can inject into the decision-making and the order management of those LTL cycles, there's opportunity to create value on a number of fronts.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. Next question again for you. What are the major IT initiatives under development presently?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We've only got a few minutes left, and I could probably talk about this for the next hour or so because it is a really important thing. And it starts with the premise that you've heard us talk about our Navisphere platform and the fact that when we think about technology, there are many different areas supporting all of our different divisions and regions where we're trying to make things more productive and, maybe more importantly, integrate with our customers in a more effective way to add value like I just described on the LTL front. The things that probably aren't as visible to everybody else relate heavily to how those different capabilities and services tie together in that Navisphere platform because the power of that is it allows us to give customer visibility across their types of services or businesses. It also gives the foundation for optimization and mode selection around the different things that we're doing, collecting all of the information regardless of region or mode in the same data warehouse, feeds the analytics that are a really important part. So we've got initiatives in the analytical area to help our customers and capacity providers understand their business and our relationship with them better. We've got productivity and operational enhancements in each of the divisions and a number of technical initiatives to make sure that everything ties together and executes as effectively as we wanted to. Putting that altogether, it's really our goal that Navisphere is an industry-leading transportation management system, or TMS as it's referred to, that is both an asset for us as a business and also something that we can extend to our customers and carriers in a way to increase their competitive advantage too.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. Next question for Andy. Personnel expense leverage was favorable in the quarter, with net revenue increasing 12% and operating expenses just under 11%. Given the higher EPS growth in the first half, does variable compensation accelerate going forward or do you expect personnel expenses to grow in line with head count during the second half? Are there any other factors we should be considering with respect to personnel expense growth?
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, we would expect personnel expenses to grow equal to or slightly less than net revenue growth. That's always been our objective. Typically, we would expect head count to grow more in line with volume, though over the past six quarters, we've been able to grow volume at a faster pace than head count. As far as variable compensation accelerating, we don't expect that as we had a good growth in the third quarter and fourth quarter last year. And finally, we don't have any additional – pardon me, we do have additional head count – Freightquote, but the base Robinson business should not see an acceleration.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. Given the excellent first half performance against a mediocre economic backdrop, have you considered changing the 7% to 12% EPS growth rate targets laid out at your last Analyst Day in New York? With 200 basis points of that growth coming from share repurchases, is the core 5% to 10% growth objective now too conservative?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: When we delivered that long-term, double-digit EPS growth goal, we talked about the fact that that really did not factor into significant acquisitions, really. We have some history of smaller acquisitions supplementing our growth, but I think some of our enhanced performance more recently has come from a couple of good investments that have really paid off and that our comments and the transparency that we're giving you to the legacy business and those trends, I think, probably do support may be more the Investor Day, longer-range guidance that we gave. So, I think that still is the right long-term message that we're sticking with and the comments I shared earlier about the GDP, the marketplace and customer outlook probably weighs into that a little bit. When you put it all together, we will continue to look for opportunities to exceed our long-term guidance and hopefully create more value. But I think that's an appropriate message for us to keep our investors and potential investors focused on for now.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, John. This will be the last question for Andy. When do you plan to conduct your next Analyst Day? It seems that they should be more frequent than they have been.
Andrew C. Clarke - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, we've had two Investor Days since becoming a public company. And I like the approach that John, Chad, Angie, and Tim have taken in the past about holding Investor Day when there are important topics to present to investors and gaining feedback. And going forward, I'll be working with John and Tim to build the current RR (59:44) program and I would not rule out an Investor Day in 2016.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor Relations & Business Analytics: Thanks, Andy. So unfortunately, we're out of time and we apologize that we couldn't get to all of the questions today. Thank you for participating in our Second Quarter 2015 Conference Call. This call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the C.H. Robinson website at www.chrobinson.com. It will also be available by dialing 888-203-1112 and entering the passcode 3923556#. The replay will be available at approximately 11:30 Eastern Time today. If you have additional questions please call me, Tim Gagnon at 952-683-5007 or by email at tim.gagnon@chrobinson.com. Thank you, everybody. Have a great day.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Again, thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor & Media Relations John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Information Officer
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson first quarter 2015 conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today's presentation, Tim Gagnon will facilitate a review of previously submitted questions. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today Tuesday, April 28, 2015. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Gagnon, the Director of Investor Relations.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor & Media Relations: Thank you, Lisa, and good morning, everybody. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, Chief Executive Officer; and Chad Lindbloom, Chief Financial and Chief Information Officer. John and Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our first quarter, and we'll follow that with a response to pre-submitted questions we received after our earnings release yesterday. Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate the discussion. The slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website which is located at chrobinson.com. John and Chad will be referring to these slides in their prepared comments this morning. I'd like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. With that, I'll turn it over to John to begin his prepared comments on slide three with a review of our first quarter 2015 results.
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Looking at that slide three, our results for the first quarter of 2015, our total revenues for the quarter were $3.3 billion or a 5% increase over 2014. Net revenues increased 14.8% to $525 million, income from operations $181.9 million or a 15.9% increase and our earnings per share were up 16% at $0.73 per share for the quarter compared to $0.63 for year ago. Those are our key financial metrics in our overall results for the quarter that we were happy with. If you look at the trends and themes that you will hear as we add our commentaries to the quarter, I think one of the highlights is the impact of fuel during the quarter. If you look at the difference between the growth rate in our total revenues and our net revenues, the change in decline in fuel price is the primary driver of that gap. We've talked in the past about how we believe that fuel is a pass-through in our business over time. When fuel is changing rapidly like it was during the first quarter, there can be timing differences in when surcharges adjust or it can impact people's decisions on other pricing decisions. So we don't know that it's a perfect pass-through for every month or every quarter, but over time, we're confident that it is. So you'll hear comments about fuel when we go through each of the service lines. Similarly, you would hear about Freightquote. As a reminder, on the 1st of the year, we closed the acquisition of Freightquote, so it's a clean comparison in that the business began to cycle in on the first business day of 2015. So, we've tried to do the best we could to highlight the impact by service area of the impact of Freightquote during the quarter. Lastly, I think it's important to understand the trends throughout the quarter, as well too, if you remember a year ago, there was significant change going on in the industry and in our business and things changed fairly aggressively throughout the first quarter a year ago. We talked last year about aggressive price changes and a very robust spot market in the March and April timeframe versus a year ago. You will hear several comments by me and Chad around how our business is trending and how it was changing throughout the quarter. Our business this year is actually fairly stable sequentially from month-to-month as we grow, but our comparisons have changed quite a bit versus a year ago, particularly around the net profit per shipment in truckload and some of the pricing metrics that I'll be sharing with you. So overall a good quarter and those are the themes that you'll hear more of as we progress through the comments. Moving then to page four, talking about our total transportation results for the first quarter of 2015, similar to the enterprise, total revenues were up five points, total net revenues were up 15% for the quarter. We always like to highlight in the table below that there are a lot of factors that impact that transportation net revenue margin percentage. There are both cyclical and secular impacts that will impact these margins over time. As I mentioned earlier, the fuel impact in the first quarter of 2015 was pretty significant as that fuel price reduces and changes in the pass-through of our customer and carrier impacts, it does have the impact of improving our net revenue margin percentage. There are also mix issues with some additional LTL freight through the Freightquote acquisition coming in, that can have a positive impact, and then there are the supply and demand cycles of truckload that will fluctuate our margins as well. So you can see 16.8% net revenue margins for the first quarter of 2015 in our overall transportation results. Moving on to slide five in truckload, which is the largest portion of our transportation services. As you can see, the net revenues for the quarter increased 9.6%. Freightquote acquisition added approximately three percentage points to our truckload net revenue growth. To see in the upper right-hand corner, our North American truckload volume grew 6% in the first quarter and Freightquote added about half of that volume growth. The approximate 3% volume growth without Freightquote is consistent with our growth pace from the past several quarters, and appears that the overall growth was slowing a bit at the end of the quarter, but that our volume growth was relatively consistent. I'll comment more on this later, but we have seen some acceleration in our volume growth in April. And again as I talked in my opening comments a year ago, there was a lot of transition in the marketplace. We talked about making the price adjustments that we needed to adapt to those market conditions, the significance of increase in the amount of transactions that we were losing money on and how we were adjusting to the market conditions a year ago. We expected at the beginning of this year that we would be running into more difficult comparisons from a profit per shipment and a net revenue margin standpoint as we got into the March and April timeframe. We also expected that we would be continuing to add to our team and be more aggressively going after market share during this period, which is exactly what we're doing. If you look at the upper right-hand corner of slide five again, around the North American truckload activity, the metrics that we share to try to help you understand the margin activity is our customer and cost pricing, which for the quarter was both approximately 6%. If you look at the trends throughout the first quarter, they were quite a bit different than that 6% average in January. Our average customer price increase was double-digit increase over the previous year. And by the end of the quarter in March, it was low single-digit increases in average prices to our customers. So what that reflects is a year ago, those price increases were being implemented throughout the quarter. And this year, as more stable pricing compared to it, the year-over-year increase flattened as the quarter progressed. We also talked a year ago about the very robust spot market that was accompanying the tension in the marketplace in March and April of a year ago. We believe this year that the spot market and demand activity has been much less versus a year ago. There have been some capacity additions. And all in all, we believe the spot market has presented fewer opportunities to us this March and April that have had an impact on our comparisons as well. Moving on then to slide six and our LTL results for the first quarter, net revenues increased 42% in the first quarter and that includes our Freightquote net revenues. Freightquote was, about two-thirds of its net revenue was derived from LTL, so that added approximately 34% to our net – 34 percentage points to our net revenue growth. From a volume standpoint, LTL volumes grew 28% in the quarter and 19 percentage points of growth came as a result of the acquisition of Freightquote. From an integration standpoint, I think we shared when we announced the deal that we do plan to integrate Freightquote. It is our expectation that through the majority of 2015, we will have reasonably meaningful quantified results of Freightquote to help you understand the impact as the year progresses. We are already deep into integration activities that have us sharing leads and sharing freight opportunities to cover truckload freight. So, those numbers would get a little less meaningful as the year wears on, but it is our intent to integrate the businesses and share the freight around the appropriate segments with the North America Surface Transportation network. I think the overall message that we want to convey with Freightquote is that several months into it, we feel very good about our integration plans, we're on track. We're excited about our LTL position in the marketplace. We've had meetings with virtually all of our carrier partners in the marketplace and that one of our acquisition goals with Freightquote was to leverage our existing account management infrastructure, that's in place with both our shippers and carriers and make sure that we can be a cost-efficient go-to-market strategy for our partners and to handle our customer activity more effectively in the marketplace. We also believe that we can help by making sure that the right freight is routed and tendered through the appropriate carrier based on what they want and how their network is situated. And with the combined volume of C.H. Robinson and Freightquote, we're feeling very good about our position in the marketplace with regards to LTL services. Moving on to slide seven and our intermodal results for the quarter. Net revenue increased 17.6% in the first quarter and volume was up 14% for the quarter. Once again, Freightquote added 10 percentage points to intermodal net revenue growth and approximately 10 percentage points to volume growth. So, while Freightquote added to our growth in intermodal for the quarter, we believe that the West Coast port delays negatively impacted our intermodal volumes given some of the congestion and the inability of us to meet some of the service requirements with our rail activity. So a decent intermodal growth quarter helped by Freightquote and hampered a little bit by West Coast port delays. Moving on then to our global forwarding, ocean/air and custom results for the first quarter of 2015, Freightquote does not have any international activities. That is a growth opportunity and something that we do intend to pursue in the future. But in terms of the results for the first quarter of 2015, these represent all organic activities and no impact from Freightquote. It was another strong quarter for our global forwarding team. Net revenue for the global forwarding services increased overall 15.2%, with ocean increasing 15.1%, air increased 18.2% and customs brokerage services were up 10% in net revenues for the quarter. As we've talked over the past couple of quarters, we continue to feel very confident about our integration activities from the Phoenix acquisition more than two years ago. We have good momentum and continue to make operational improvements. We're focused on cross-selling the legacy Robinson and Phoenix customers together to make sure that we're penetrating our customer base most effectively and we continue to invest in our technology platform to improve our service offerings, our consolidation capabilities and our customer experience. Virtually all of the integration activity with the Phoenix acquisition is complete other than some ongoing technology investments that we will be making this year to continue to integrate the last parts of the global forwarding network. We continue to feel very good about our service capability and our market position in global forwarding. Unlike intermodal, we do believe that the port delays on the West Coast probably helped our global forwarding business a little bit. We do know that several of our customers had difficult opportunities that we were able to help them with, and in some cases where customers were unable to get direct access to ocean capacity, we were able to help them with our capacity. So we do know of examples and believe that our global forwarding results probably were helped somewhat by the West Coast port delays. It's difficult to quantify exactly what that would have done to our business because we would like to believe that we would have been able to help them in other ways, if not for the delays. But we do believe that while it negatively impacted our intermodal business, there probably was a positive impact on our global forwarding business for the first quarter of 2015. Moving on to slide nine in our other logistics services, net revenues for the first quarter increased 6.6% compared to the first quarter of 2014. Freightquote did add approximately two percentage points to our other logistics services in the first quarter. As a reminder, again, these other logistics services include transportation management services, warehousing and small parcel. As we said in the previous couple quarters that we have had a slower growth of net revenue in other logistics services primarily due to some project revenue in the miscellaneous categories that has gone away and is not in the current periods. Our primary source of revenue in this category of managed services and transportation managed services continues to grow at a double-digit rate and continues to have a strong pipeline of new customers that we feel very confident about. This is a core growth initiative for us and we do expect the net revenue growth to remain at double digits in the future as we transition through some of the product comparisons in our other logistics services. Moving on to slide 10 and our sourcing net revenues for the quarter, net revenues were up 11.6% in the first quarter of 2015. We talked last year about some of the customer transitions and difficulties that we had in the sourcing business in 2014. In the first quarter of 2015, that 8.5% net revenue margin represents a return to a more normalized margins in terms of what we expect going forward. We also had 9% case volume during the first quarter of 2015, which we were happy with and represents some growth in some of the key commodities that we've been emphasizing in our areas. So overall, it was more normalized activity in our sourcing business compared to weaker comparisons of the year ago and back to activity that we would expect a more normalized growth in the future. Those conclude my comments on our growth by service line. And at this point, I'll turn it over to Chad to make some comments on our income statement on page 11.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Information Officer: Thanks John. John has already talked a lot about our net revenues and what drove the increase in total net revenues of 14.8%. I will focus on the variances in personnel expense and other SG&A expenses. Our personnel expenses as a percentage of net revenue increased slightly compared to last year's first quarter. This increase was caused primarily by increased incentive compensation and by the acquisition of Freightquote. Our incentive compensation philosophy and plans have stayed relatively consistent with previous years. The increase is based on the growth in net revenues and earnings we experienced during the first quarter. Last year's first quarter had low incentive compensation due to our lack of earnings growth. This comparison issue is primarily for the first quarter. During the second quarter through fourth quarter of 2014, our earnings growth accelerated and we had greater incentive compensation. The impact from the Freightquote acquisition will continue for the rest of the year. They do have a higher personnel to net revenue compared to the core C.H. Robinson business. Our SG&A expenses increased 10.1% in the first quarter, driven primarily by the Freightquote expenses, including the amortization expense of approximately $1.9 million for the quarter. We also had an increase in claims expense, partially offset by a reduction in our provision for doubtful accounts. I'm going to move on to Slide 12. We had a strong free cash flow quarter with cash flow from operations of approximately $100 million. In most first quarters, we have seasonally weaker cash flows compared to quarter two through quarter four as working capital tends to grow sequentially from increasing receivables and the bonus payments made in January. However, with the decrease in the price of fuel, our working capital did not grow as much as it usually does in the first quarter. Moving on to CapEx, we had CapEx of $6.7 million for the quarter, including our investments in software. We still expect total CapEx, including software, to be about $40 million to $50 million for 2015. Included in this estimate is building a second data center for disaster recovery. Construction of that data center has not yet begun. We expect to spend $15 million to $20 million on the data center in 2015 and we expect to put the data center in service sometime during 2016. Our total debt balance remained relatively consistent with the end of the year at $1.1 billion. Moving on to Slide 13, you can see that we have a long track record of significant cash distributions to our shareholders. We've talked for the last year or so about our goal of disturbing 90% of our net income to shareholders in most environments. We think we can do this while maintaining our debt-to-EBITDA ratio in the 1.0 to 1.5 times range. The amount of share repurchase activity will vary based on our cash flow generation, needs for working capital and other capital needs. We would be comfortable going to as high as three times debt-to-EBITDA for the right investment opportunity. For the quarter, we distributed approximately 98% of our net income to shareholders. We paid $57.3 million in cash dividends and spent $47.3 million repurchasing shares. With that, I will turn it back to John for our closing prepared comments.
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sharing our thoughts on slide 14, regarding A Look Ahead. I know maybe the most impactful statement that probably everybody has focused on is in our 2015 outlook that our April to-date total company net revenue has increased approximately 6% per business day when compared to April of last year. I made a few comments relative to this earlier around our margin comparisons and how they are changing. The most impactful change when we look at our slowing net revenue growth in April compared to the overall growth rate for the first quarter. As I mentioned earlier, we have a decline in our net revenue per shipment of North America truckload given the change in margin comparison that I referenced earlier. I also commented that we are seeing some acceleration in our volume growth during the month of April. But again, it's very early, it's very difficult to forecast and predict what the market will be like. But to a large degree, we see 2015 playing out much as we had anticipated that as we got into the March and April timeframe that our comparisons would get more difficult. We did not necessarily anticipate a decline in our net revenue per shipment. But the fact that the margins were fairly healthy a year ago, it's not surprising to us that we would be where we're at from a pricing standpoint today, with a much more modest increase year-over-year in April on contracted or committed business. I also commented that we have seen a fairly soft spot market for the last couple of weeks. That can change quickly at any point in time. But based upon what we have seen thus far in April, we have gotten off to a soft start for the first part of April. Beyond sharing that data point with you, I guess the other thing that we would like to emphasize is some of the areas of focus for us in 2015. I already commented and want to reiterate that Freightquote performance did achieve our objectives in the first quarter and we feel very good about the cultural fit and the integration initiatives that we have going on throughout 2015. We talked a lot over the last couple of years about our integration of Phoenix International and the significant effort that was involved with merging more than 25 offices, the systems conversion work around the world, and a lot of personnel decisions that needed to be made around blending teams of 3,500 people across the world. The Freightquote acquisition does have some meaningful integration projects around segmentation and sharing leads and making sure that we capitalize on the efficiency of small customer activity that Freightquote brings to us as well as leveraging some of the really good technology that the Freightquote business has. However, with all of that business being located in primarily one location in Kansas City, there is not the same SG&A impact or risk or complexity around merging things that will take several years for us to do. So while we'll be working on the technology plan and some of the account management strategies over the next several years, the integration effort is quite a bit different than what we discussed in our global forwarding business. In terms of sales and account management initiatives, this is something that we believe is a competitive strength for Robinson. I already mentioned our go-to-market initiatives as we've grown and diversified our business, it's important that we segment our offerings and are as efficient as we can be in how we approach our large and complex customers as well as our smaller and transactional customers. We have a lot of initiatives underway that intertwine with the Freightquote acquisition around our go-to-market activities and focused on how we believe that we can better penetrate our customers across each segment. Cross-selling initiatives like the example of global forwarding and domestic freight, cross-selling initiatives with our managed services, and evolving a lot of our transportation relationships into more integrated supply chain solution type relationships are at a core part of that account management and sales initiatives that we're working on. So we do feel good about our investments in those initiatives. We talk about people, process and technology being the core investments, the process part of account management and how we go to market, it is a very important part of what we think will help us maintain our competitive advantage and our market leadership position. Technology development, process efficiency, and network optimization, touched on this in a few different ways before, but we have a meaningful increase to our investment this year in our technology platform, the Navisphere platform that encompasses all of our services and allows us to share information and share freight across our network as well as integrating activities with our more complex customers to work on supply chain solutions. All of our different service areas have a number of efficiency goals in our industry. There's a challenge that you need to add talent and you need to add people in order to grow and service your customers, but at the same time, there's a balance of efficiency and leveraging productivity across your systems and across your teams that we're very committed to as well too. We have a theme of balanced growth internally in our people, process and technology where we're very focused on trying to balance the talent commitments and the hiring with leveraging the technology and the efficiency investments that we're making. Lastly, I talked about people already, but acquiring and developing the best industry talent that we can find, we believe that has been and remains a competitive advantage for us. We are growing our workforce. If you look sequentially, we have added people above and beyond the Freightquote team and we do expect to continue that throughout the remainder of 2015. Chad talked about our variable personnel expenses driven by the growth of our business. We do feel that despite being able to add to our team throughout the remainder of 2015, that our operating expense comparisons will actually be more favorable as the year wears on given the changes in variable expenses. So, it's important that we're investing in acquiring top talent. We're spending more on training than ever, and making sure that we maintain the best team in the industry. That's the end of our prepared comments, so I will stop there and turn it over to Tim to facilitate our Q&A session.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor & Media Relations: Thanks, John. And before I begin with the questions to John and Chad, I just want to thank everybody for submitting some great questions. We've made every effort to capture the key themes and get as many in as we can here. And if we do not have time to cover all of the questions that you've asked, please feel free to give me a call and we can review those in a phone call to follow up.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor & Media Relations: So, I'll get right into this here. And the first question is to John around truckload volume in Freightquote. So the question reads, with truckload volume without Freightquote up 3.0% year-over-year, will acquisitions always be required to boost volume growth sufficiently to support the 7.0% to 12% long-term EPS growth target over the course of the freight cycle or can organic growth ramp up through additional hiring, training systems – efforts, et cetera?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Our long-term EPS growth target of 7% to 12% that we outlined in our Investor Day deck a couple of years ago contemplated organic growth for us to achieve that. I mentioned earlier that we have seen some acceleration in April of our North American truckload volume and we do have confidence that we can achieve those longer-term targets primarily through organic growth. Freightquote is a good example of where we did find an opportunity to acquire and create a lot more volume in our system. We try to be very fair about highlighting that activity as separate and above and beyond what our organic growth targets are. So, we will continue to look for acquisitions, but our core 7% to 12% EPS growth, we believe, will be primarily driven by organic growth.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor & Media Relations: Okay. Thanks, John. A follow-up for you. Can you elaborate on the revenue and cost synergies via the Freightquote acquisition as they've begun to develop?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: From a revenue standpoint, our primary synergies are around the segmentation strategies. We talked about Freightquote having systems and processes that were geared to be very efficient with small customers, everything from the data entry and the pricing and quoting techniques so that a customer can get information very quickly and in a very automated way through their e-commerce solutions. So, our primary revenue synergy is about segmentation and making sure that we're using the right account management practices to most effectively approach the market. If you look at it from a net revenue margin standpoint, we think the primary synergy opportunity is in the truckload sector around utilizing the C.H. Robinson network to more effectively and efficiently provide truckload services to those small customers that Freightquote has, as well as additional small customers and penetrating that segment in the marketplace. From an operating expense standpoint, there are some opportunities to leverage a broader infrastructure and some of the costs, but the principal investment around people and operating expenses has limited synergy opportunity. So, the real upside for us is to penetrate the market more effectively and improve our margins over time by being more effective in our account management practices.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor & Media Relations: Thanks John. Next question is for Chad. Was the Freightquote acquisition dilutive or accretive in the first quarter? How should we think about the accretion progression going forward?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Information Officer: Freightquote was slightly accretive for the first quarter, just over $0.01. That includes the operations of the business, less the $1.9 million of amortization expense we mentioned, as well as the incremental financing cost to pay for the purchase price. Similar to Robinson, quarter two through quarter four are stronger in net revenues than earnings historically for Freightquote.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor & Media Relations: Thanks Chad. Next question for John. For your first quarter presentation, April truckload net revenues are up 6.0% year-over-year. And the question reads truckload just for clarification, it was total company net revenues up 6.6%. That's my added commentary, not in the question. If Freightquote added seven points to total net revenue growth in first quarter and we assume the contribution was fairly steady in April, this would imply that you've seen a slight decline in organic net revenue growth so far in the second quarter. Is this the case? If so, what are the main drivers of the deceleration from the first quarter into early 2Q? How to your year-over-year net revenue comparisons trend through the second quarter?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: With the correction that Tim made, that is an accurate statement. So, total company net revenues that are up approximately 6% and that does include Freightquote, which means that the balance of the legacy activity is approximately flat. As I stated earlier, the primary reason for that decline in net revenue growth is a reduction in our net revenue per shipment in our North American truckload results. Offsetting that, we have actually had some increase in our truckload volume activity and we have had growth in our other services of net revenue, but not for the first several weeks of April, not to the extent that we had in our first quarter. From a comparison standpoint, the net revenue per shipment in truckload a year ago remained fairly consistent through the second quarter, tapered off a little bit at the end. So from a comparison standpoint, in that core net revenue category, the comparisons or the prior-year activity will remain fairly constant and then taper down a little bit in June. I mentioned earlier that while we did anticipate it would be more difficult to grow our net revenue, as the year progressed throughout 2015, we also believe that our comparisons from an operating expense standpoint, largely due to the increases in the previous year around variable compensation, will make those comparisons slightly more favorable as we go forward. So we have not given up on our goal this year of double-digit earnings per share growth. We know that we have to continue to invest in that volume and grow our business aggressively throughout the remainder of the year. I also touched earlier on the spot market activity. The part that's most difficult to predict is just what short-term demand and spot market activity will be like, really for all of our services, but again, North America truckload is the largest. We don't know where that will go, but we're hopeful that we will see some strengthening in those opportunities as the year progresses as well.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor & Media Relations: Thanks John. Next question again for you. Over the last several years, you've made a very large freight forwarding acquisition and purchased a sizable LTL-focused truck broker, improving your scale considerably in both verticals. Yet you remain far smaller in both intermodal and contract logistics. Are these segment areas where you'd be willing to grow your platform via acquisition?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: The answer is yes. I think we've been clear all along that while we want to be primarily focused on organic growth in our business that we are receptive to acquisitions in any of our service offering areas. We have been in the intermodal business for several decades and remain committed to growing that organically or through acquisition, depending upon what we see as the best path forward from the standpoint of growing our business and servicing our customers. With all of the services that we offer, our belief is that our long-term competitive advantage is in the quality of our service and the quality of our people. And when we look at the acquisition opportunities, we want to make certain that we're not disrupting any of that service capability or continuity and that we have the time and focus to make sure that we improve our competitive position in the marketplace while doing it. So while we've been looking at opportunities in both intermodal and contract logistics, we haven't found what we thought was the right blend of value and integration capabilities to really improve our competitive positioning in the marketplace.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor & Media Relations: Thanks John. Next question for Chad. Transportation net revenue margin expanded sequentially. How much of this was attributed to fuel versus positive pricing and/or CHRW's ability to widen the spread between the buy and the sell rates?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Information Officer: Transportation net revenue expanded approximately 100 basis points sequentially. Fuel drove a big part of that expansion as the decrease in the price of fuel accelerated in the fourth quarter and into the first quarter. However, we also talked about earlier that our net revenue margins or profit per load increased as last year's quarter went on. So it is difficult really to measure the impact of the two separately. Quarter one is typically a stronger net revenue margin quarter than quarter for, as capacity is typically more available and demand is not as strong. It's hard to really be specific with what the balance was of fuel versus market sequentially. The addition of the Freightquote business also increased our net revenue margin as their business has a higher net revenue margin since it has a stronger focus on LTL net revenues.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor & Media Relations: Thanks Chad. The next question for John. Can you discuss the trends in prices that CHRW is able to obtain and how they differ between committed contracts and the spot market?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I'll repeat some of the metrics that I shared earlier from a customer pricing standpoint that throughout the first quarter of 2015, in January, prices were increased on average double digits, by February, it was mid-single digits, by March and April, it's low single digits in terms of average price comparisons versus a year ago. That breaks down, again, the lines between committed or contractual and spot can be a little bit blurred. But what we're seeing from a committed pricing or contractual pricing standpoint this year would represent low-single-digit increases over the previous year. Some of our margin comparison or net revenue per shipment comparison challenges in the current period are also due to the changes in the spot market where there is much less opportunity for expedited or significant price increases in the current year compared to the previous year.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor & Media Relations: Thanks, John. Next question for Chad. With respect to head count, can you provide an organic number? I believe Freightquote had approximately 1,000 employees which implies sequential growth of less than 1%, or was there some attrition at Freightquote offset by higher organic growth? How should we think about head count additions either sequentially or year-over-year going forward?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Information Officer: You're right that Freightquote did add approximately 1,000 people. And that was accounted for sequentially compared to the fourth quarter, which, you are also correct that that leaves about 100 employees or 1% in organic head count. Going forward, we will be adding head count as the business requires. The pace of growth is hard to quantify. But as we have talked about many times in the past, we expect head count to grow approximately the same amount as volume growth going forward. So it will really depend on how much business activity we have to what the head count will grow.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor & Media Relations: Thanks, Chad. Next question for John. Are you concerned about the amount of regulation either in the works or proposed and how it's likely to have an outsized impact on the small and medium carriers which are so integral to your capacity network? And then on the flip side, you've got the asset-based companies aggressively growing their own logistics arm, so how do you think about the changing mix of your capacity over the next few years with that as a backdrop?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: From a regulatory standpoint, over the past four years or five years, there has been a significant amount of change that have impacted the cost of capacity, everything from the hours of service to the safety regulations. And there is more regulation pending around onboard computers and other things that have continued to increase the cost of capacity as a trade-off for some of the safety features or initiatives and regulation that will hopefully make the roads safer. That has been a challenge for our entire industry and for us to understand and pass through those clauses and help our customers understand why those cost increases may be disproportionate to average prices in the marketplace. There has been discussion about whether or not those costs will disproportionately impact the medium and small carriers. It is possible that there is some incremental impact to those smaller carriers who -where maybe the larger carriers have voluntarily made some of those investments in the past, but we do believe that the regulations are being somewhat sympathetic to the cost part of it and the capital requirements of those capabilities will continue to get invested in and become more efficient in the marketplace. So while we see it as an overall challenge for us in our industry, we're not overly concerned about a disproportionate impact on medium and small carriers. With regards to the competitive landscape and people investing in their own logistics division, that is part of the secular changes that we've talked about for the last four years, five years or more. The competitive landscape is changing with a number of carriers investing in brokerage or logistics divisions. We don't necessarily view that as a significant negative. In the longer run, we have belief that our third-party model of separating the capacity ownership and the capital investment from the customer service and go-to-market strategies can be a very effective way and the most effective way to serve a large part of the marketplace. As others continue to invest in that business model and more of the marketplace gets served by a third-party or a logistics-type business model, we think that that just reflects some of the secular changes in how we're all competing. So the market is more competitive, we're adapting to how things are changing and with regards to the business model that each of our competitors pursues around a blend of capital and logistics type stuff, we'll just have to factor that in to how we sell and how we grow in the marketplace.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor & Media Relations: Thanks, John. The next question again for you on the topic of intermodal. You mentioned recently and in the past that this is a difficult business to scale given its attractive growth profile as modal conversion is driving market growth faster than GDP. Why isn't CHRW doing more to penetrate this business more aggressively? Would this be an area where more aggressive M&A makes sense?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: This is a question that we get often. And we are open to M&A investments in the intermodal space. As people know and we've talked in the past, the business model in a lot of the intermodal activity is a more capital-intensive business model, with container equipments as well as (44:30) investments. We have made some of those container investments ourselves and we are committed to organic growth of our customer relationships. We have to do that in conjunction with the rail partners and make sure that our growth aspirations and investments align with their strategies around pricing and market share gains. So, it's a complicated landscape from the standpoint that it involves more complexity of capital investments and fewer carrier partners that you have to align with in terms of their strategy. But it is an area that we're committed to, it's an area or that we're investing our own capital in, and it's an area that we are receptive to opportunities around acquisition, if we can find the right blend of all that.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor & Media Relations: Thanks, John. Next question for Chad. Please identify the aggregate amount of any onetime deal-related cost, if material, for Freightquote.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Information Officer: Sure. Most acquisition-related costs were in the fourth quarter, and in total, the deal-related expenses were relatively modest. We did not use an investment bank to help us with this transaction, which tends to be the most expensive part of one-time deal expenses. First quarter deal-related costs were insignificant and there have been no significant severance costs to-date.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor & Media Relations: Thanks, Chad. And next question is for John. How did your net revenue growth trend month-to-month through the first quarter?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: In the first quarter of 2015, both January and February, net revenue growth was significant double-digit growth. In the month of March, that net revenue growth tapered off to low single digits, and in the month of April, it's fairly consistent with the month of March, with some – little bit more deceleration in the net revenue per shipment for truckload. So as I commented earlier, sequentially, our business activity and pricing activity is more stable than it may appear. The net revenue decline is primarily due to truckload net revenue per shipment comparisons.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor & Media Relations: Thanks, John. Next question again for you. What percentage of Freightquote's LTL customer base is using CHRW's truck brokerage services? Where do you see this number going forward?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Because Freightquote has a very broad customer base of small transactional customers with tens of thousands of them, it's difficult to be very precise, but we're relatively convinced that there are very few customer overlaps in our customer base. There are several hundred that we're aware of that we've had to do some account management coordination, but a very small percentage of the total customer base. We believed at the time of the deal and believe even stronger today that one of the primary growth opportunities is to increase the truck service exposure and activity to that small customer base at Freightquote and to do a better job of penetrating the small business and small customer opportunities out there with both LTL and truckload opportunities. So very little overlap today and a growth opportunity that we expect to be focused on and investing in over the years to come.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor & Media Relations: Thanks, John. Next question again for you. Could you give us a sense of how concentrated your customer exposure is in the intermodal business and then also the ocean business?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: If you look at C.H. Robinson as a whole or within any of our individual service offerings, we think one of the strengths is that we have a very diversified customer base. From an enterprise standpoint, we have a lot of customers that are around the 1% net revenue, and we've shared before from an enterprise standpoint that our top 100 customers are around a third of the business and that our top 300 or 400 customers make up around half of the business. If you look at the individual modes, or our intermodal business, the top five or 10 customers, the top 10 customers are around 13% of our net revenue for intermodal. So, very similarly, we have a lot of customers in that 1.0% of net revenue even within the separate intermodal service line.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor & Media Relations: And then the concentration in ocean as well?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. So, similar question around customer concentration in ocean, same type of answer that if you look at our top 10 or 20 customers in our ocean business, it represents – the top 10 would represent somewhere less than 10% of our net revenue, and the top 20 would represent somewhere in the teens as a percentage of our net revenue, again, with many of the customers rounding up or down to around 1%. So, no individually significant customers for the enterprise or within our modes and that's part of that customer diversification that we feel is the strength of our business model.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor & Media Relations: Okay. Next question is for Chad, and it's a modeling question here. What is the expected CapEx and tax rate for the first quarter and the remainder of the year?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Information Officer: For the first quarter, we gave the number for CapEx in the prepared comments, and the tax rate was 38.2%. As far as our expectations for the year on CapEx, we still believe we'll be in about the $40 million to $50 million range for the year, with part of that being the data center that we talked about earlier. The tax rate on an ongoing basis, we expect to be between about 38.25% and 38.75%.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor & Media Relations: Thanks, Chad. Next question for John. Why the big improvement in sourcing revenues and margins? And how sustainable is that?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: The big improvement is primarily related to difficult conditions from a year ago, both with weather and margin volatility and some lost customer business that we referenced a year ago. We do believe that we can continue to grow our sourcing net revenues during the year. But as we've always shared, that business tends to be more volatile depending upon the cycles of crops and the availability of volumes for us to distribute and sell to our customers. But our growth this year is what we believe is the return to more normalized margins and activity in our sourcing activity.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor & Media Relations: Thanks, John. Next question for you. Could you please address end market dynamics and your confidence in continued business momentum in the second quarter of 2015?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I've commented a couple of times that the primary issue we feel today is a much different comparison to our 2014 results. From a sequential standpoint, while the spot market activity is not nearly as robust as we've seen a year ago, our committed volumes are consistent and growing. And we do feel like there is continued growth activity for us. Our growth plan is to add people and to continue to go after share. We have success in integrating our acquisitions that we've talked about and do feel like we can continue to take share for the remainder of the year and grow our business. So who knows where the spot market will go? And I think we've shared often, it's very difficult to forecast or model our business, so we never know with certainty. But we do feel that we can continue to grow our business throughout the remainder of 2015.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor & Media Relations: Thanks, John. Next question again for you. Customers seem more interested in securing capacity and minimizing their spot exposure. So can you talk about your spot versus contractual mix during the first quarter? How you think that will trend going forward, and what impact that likely will have on your margins? Are you still looking to keep a 50-50 balance between spot and contracted business? Can you also break down how contractual versus spot trended during the quarter and what you expect the second quarter and second half to be?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: A lot of questions in there. I don't know that I can answer them all specifically. But if you look at the overall trend over a longer period of time, several decades ago, we were almost 100% transactional with just all of our business being very spot market and real-time in the marketplace. The longer-term trend is that we've become more engaged with committed or contracted customers and a greater and greater percentage of our volume is pre-priced or pre-committed as we've become not only a transactional broker, but also a 3PL core carrier that is dealing with dedicated capacity and committed shippers in a more committed and pre-priced way. If you look at the volatility in the truckload market over the last several years, it is true that many of those large shippers are as desirous as ever to pre-pricing or committing as much of their freight as possible from a pricing standpoint because of situations like a year ago where the market volatility demanded a significant premium to get access to that spot market capacity and shippers rightly don't want to have exposure to those types of cost variances or cost increases. So while we have this period of sustained shortage and market tightness on the truckload side, it probably is the case that more shippers will continue to want to contract for more and more of their capacity and we are working hard to provide those solutions in the marketplace by working on those committed bids and our business will probably continue to increase as a percentage of that activity. The spot market business comes and goes depending upon how the market behaves. When the market has a lot of demand and a lot of route guide failure like it did a year ago, you'll see significant increases in that spot market activity. When it calms down and stabilizes more like it is now, we'll see a meaningful decline in that spot market. So, our business mix and portfolio mix changes as a result of the market activity more so than anything specifically that we're targeting.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor & Media Relations: Okay. Thanks, John. Again, for you. Next question. Can you comment on the competitive environment in truck brokerage? The spot market still looks relatively healthy compared to history, but less robust than a year ago. How does that impact the rationality of your peers in using more aggressive price to go after market share and how has considered consolidation in the space impacted the business? Then how do you think about – how do you think it'll impact the pricing environment and margin outlook going forward?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: When we look at the various impacts on our business of competition and longer-term secular changes versus the short-term cycles, the industry consolidation and the activity that's happening is very relevant, but it's probably more in terms of its longer-term impact. I think in the acquisitions we've made and when we look at our competitors, it takes a period of years to really get traction around cross-selling initiatives and more effectively going in the market together and sharing capacity. So from the standpoint of how is the competitive landscape today versus a year ago, our principal data points around that are the overall demand of freight and the overall change in the supply and demand and route guide compliance that we're adjusting to. There have been a lot of people aggressively investing in market share and there has been an increase in acquisitions, which certainly over time will change how competitors are leveraging scale and how people are going to market with different pricing strategies, but nothing that we can really observe in the short term around this year versus last year or today versus a couple of months ago.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor & Media Relations: Okay. Thanks, John. Next question is for Chad. Depreciation and amortization is now on a $65 million annual run rate. Please discuss your expectations for 2015 D&A. How much is amortization related to Phoenix and Freightquote and how much is depreciation?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Information Officer: The Freightquote amortization added approximately $1.9 million and that's what we expected to be per quarter. Phoenix acquisition, purchase price related amortization is about $4.1 million per quarter. In addition to that, there's about $100,000 from other miscellaneous acquisitions that happened previous to Phoenix. For depreciation, Freightquote added approximately $1 million per quarter to our depreciation expense. As we talked about in the Freightquote acquisition conference call, they do own – or we now own a building down there which makes up a large part of that depreciation period.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor & Media Relations: Thanks, Chad. Next question for John. Has your length of haul continued to decrease? Is this a conscious effort on the part of CHRW or something more customer-driven? Is it similar to trends you're seeing in the market or company-specific?
John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We do believe that the marketplace as a whole has seen some shortening in the average length of haul in the truckload sector due to more local growing and local sourcing activities and just the shrinking of the supply chain over the last couple of years. We believe our business is reflective of the marketplace in that as we've pursued more outsourced relationships and more integrated activities where we manage all of the freight, we believe that we've been more aggressively going after components of freight that would include short-haul activity. So it's a combination of a broader trend in the marketplace as well as our go-to-market and sales strategies that has us penetrating the shorter length of haul component of the market more aggressively in the last several years.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor & Media Relations: Okay. Thank you, John. And unfortunately, we're out of time and we couldn't get to all the questions today, and we apologize for that.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director-Investor & Media Relations: We appreciate your participation in our first quarter 2015 conference call. The call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.chrobinson.com. You can get access to that replay by dialing 888-203-1112 and entering the passcode 1733625# and the replay should be available about 11:30 this morning. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to contact me, Tim Gagnon, at 952-683-5007 or by email at tim.gagnon@chrobinson.com. Thank you, everybody, and have a good morning.
Operator: And, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference, and we do thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tim Gagnon – Director of Investor Relations John Wiehoff – Chief Executive Officer Chad Lindbloom – Chief Financial Officer and Chief Information Officer
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Fourth Quarter 2014 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today’s presentation, Tim Gagnon will facilitate a review of previously submitted questions. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, February 4, 2015. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Gagnon, the Director of Investor Relations.
Tim Gagnon: Thank you and good morning everyone. On our call this morning will be John Wiehoff, Chief Executive Officer; and Chad Lindbloom, Chief Financial and Chief Information Officer. John and Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our fourth quarter and year end. We’ll follow that with a response to pre-submitted questions that we’ve received after our earnings release yesterday. Please note there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate the discussion. The slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is located at chrobinson.com. John and Chad will be referring to these slides in their prepared comments. I’d like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad or others representing C.H Robinson may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management’s expectations. With that, I’ll turn it over to John to begin his prepared comments on Slide 3 with a review of our fourth quarter and year-end 2014 results.
John Wiehoff: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. So as you can see on Page 3 with our results for the fourth quarter, we had a very solid fourth quarter and finished what we believe was a very strong year in 2014. Looking at some of the key financial metrics on that Slide 3, for the fourth quarter our gross revenues increased 6.5%, net revenues increased by 12.9%. We’ll get into the components of that as we always do but the most of the net revenue growth was driven by Truckload and Global Forwarding services. For the fourth quarter, the income from operations increased 21.5%, and net income increased 21%. Later on in the presentation we’ll cover some of the expense management and changes in some of the expense items, but obviously we were pleased with the fact that our income from operations was able to grow faster than our net revenues for the quarter. As it has been the case throughout 2014 largely because of our share repurchases, our diluted EPS grew faster than our net income or income from operations. EPS growth in the quarter was 24.2%. I do want to share some comments about the year-to-date numbers as well too, particularly as a reminder when you think about C.H Robinson that because so much of our cost structure is driven by personnel expense and significant part of our personnel expense is based upon annual incentives and annual contracts. The year-to-date numbers and the annual numbers really are over a longer period of time probably the best way to understand and study the metrics. So, looking at some of those 12 months or calendar year 2014 financial metrics, the gross revenues were up 5.6% to $13.4 billion which was a new record high for us. The record net revenues of $2 billion was another milestone that we were anxious to achieve, and it was pleased that we are able to reach that this year. If you look at our income from operations growth for the year of 9.6% to $748 million, I guess one of the key metrics that we like to highlight there is that our income from operations was able to grow faster than our net revenues for the calendar year as well too. Again, Chad will cover some of the personnel numbers, but that growth in income from operations was despite the return of some pretty meaningful increases in our variable compensation plans. So when we look at the year-to-date results, we feel very positive about our business model, and how it continues to share the variable performance with all of the stakeholders including shareholders and employees. Earlier this year, in several of our calls, we’ve talked about our goal of leveraging our past investments of talent that we had made into the network. On that Slide 3, you can see our average and ending headcounts of our team for the year. One of the things that we’re very proud of is that we were able to achieve our results during 2014 with the relatively consistent amount of people on our team. And it is a combination of some market condition changes. How we adapted to them and really leveraging the team and the business platform that we had in place to drive some good results for 2014. So we feel like it was a great quarter and a good year and we’re proud of our results for 2014. Turning to Slide 4, and starting to break down those overall results, again I’d like to start with total transportation, which is the majority of the business. Every time we speak to the total transportation growth and net revenue margin is probably appropriate to remind you that there are a lot of factors that impact this. So after this slide, we’ll get into the various service lines and try to break it down further. Couple of constant themes, when we look at the overall net revenue margins is that across virtually all of the services, there is a common theme of capacity constraints. Falling fuel prices is another theme that we’ll touch on and a couple of the different services and the impact on that, and then also our change in the mix of our business, when we get into the different transportation services. We’ll talk about our length of haul, we’ll talk about truck versus rail and a number of items that impact the mix that impact these net revenue margins. While there is a lot going on this page. I do think it is usual to look at it, in terms of an enterprise view of our net revenue margins. Particularly, as we continue to move more into integrated services and multi-modal solutions, that there are more and more tradeoffs and interrelated parts to the different transportation offerings. As you can see the net revenue margin for total transportation for the quarter was 15.8%, which compares favorably to a year ago of 15% and it’s down from 16.1% in the third quarter of this year. Moving along then to Page 5, and focusing in on our truckload results. Our truckload net revenue for the fourth quarter increased 15.3%. As you can see in the upper right hand side, volume for North America truckload transportation increased about 3% for the quarter. These results are fairly consistent with what we've seen the past couple of quarters and reflect what we've discussed in the past around our emphasis on adapting to the market changes during the year with more focus on pricing, and a little less emphasis on going after our long-term goal of gaining market share. In that upper right hand corner of Page 5 as well that highlights how we think about our pricing in our margins that the approximate pricing to our customers during the quarter excluding the price of fuel increased around 12%, and the cost paid to the carriers around 11% which is what drove the net revenue increase in excess of the volume activity for the quarter. As we’ve talked in previous quarters, when we look at that approximate pricing there are a number of things that are going on within those calculations as well too. There is a mixture of business with both contractual and committed and spot market activity. Similar to what we’ve shared in the past, a more common price increase on committed or contractual business would be something more in the mid-single-digits during the year where some of the contractual pricing could increase meaningfully more than that. In addition, we continue to experience a shortening in the length of haul from a year-over-year standpoint, and the rate per mile on some of that shorter length of haul can have more significant increase as well. Falling fuel prices were a factor again what I’ve talked about so far is doing the best that we can to exclude the estimated costs and impacts of fuel on the pricing that we experienced during quarter. The declining price of fuel during the quarter and coming into the current year we’ll come back and talk to that in the look ahead, as well as some of the Q&A, but just from a high level when we look at our truckload results, we do not believe that the falling fuel prices in the fourth quarter of 2014 had a material impact on our business. It does have a material impact on the gross revenues and the amounts that we are invoicing and both paying. And we still continue to believe that over a longer period of time that fuel functions as a passthrough in our business. Similar to what we’ve shared in the past, whenever fuel is moving significantly in either direction there can be an impact during the transition and we’ll analyze that as best we can share some more thoughts later, but we do not believe that it was a material impact in the quarter. Moving on then to Slide 6 and talking about our LTL results for the fourth quarter. Less than truckload net revenues increased 7.8% for the fourth quarter on approximately 4% volume increase. Similar to my comment earlier what we have seen in the LTL marketplaces that capacity has been relatively tight, and that prices have been increasing throughout the year. And similar to my comment on our truckload services, we have been a little bit more focused during 2014 on adjusting to those market changes and making certain that we are adapting to the right pricing model and serving our customers to get that capacity that they need as opposed to aggressively chasing market share during 2014. As we move into 2015 again to look ahead I will come back with some prepared comments on our Freightquote acquisition, which closed as the first of the year. In 2015, if you recall the common themes or the headlines of the Freightquote acquisitions were that is a good business, it’s very technology driven and it’s very focused in LTL. So, we do expect organic growth from our core network in LTL, but we also expect to see some meaningful growth in the LTL net revenue results in 2015 from the Freightquote acquisition. What you can see as for the year 2014 that $258 million of net revenue in LTL represents about 13% of our net revenue, which has continued to become a slightly greater percentage of the mix over the last decade or so. Moving on then to Slide 7, and our intermodal results, Intermodal net revenue increased 3.8% in the fourth quarter and volume was up approximately 1% for the quarter. Again, fairly consistent messages and themes with the past couple of quarters, we continue to feel very comfortable with our service levels and our execution capability. We are doing some operational improvements that are helping our net revenues and feel like managing our capacity and equipment better. Rail capacity and train speeds continue to be a challenge in the comparisons of offering this service versus truckload. The conjunction at the West ports also introduce some operational challenge with intermodal. But despite all of that we continue to feel very good about our operational capability and our service offering in the marketplace. Our biggest challenge in intermodal that we think we have been very upfront about is that it has been challenging to find ways to aggressively grow the business, while maintaining the high return on invested capital that we’d like to have. So, we will continue to keep looking for better opportunities to aggressively grow intermodal, but feel comfortable with that as part of our service offering. Moving to Slide 8, and talking about our Global Forwarding Air, Ocean, and customs results for the fourth quarter. The combined results for the Global Forwarding services was an 18.4% increase in the fourth quarter over the fourth quarter of 2013. The strong second half of the year helped us finish year-to-date with a 10.7% net revenue increase for these combined services. The growth was led by ocean with a net revenue increase of 22.8% in the quarter, and an air increase of 7.9%, customs brokerage was up 16.8%. In our Global Forwarding services, as you recall a little more than two years ago, we made a very significant investment with the acquisition of Phoenix International to drive greater growth and improved service in our Global Forwarding division. At that time, we talked about the fact that we had a lot of integration work to do, and that we were going to take a very long-term focus to building a strong foundation, in retaining our customers and retaining our people in our Global Forwarding business. I feel really good about the first two years of integration and our success in growing our Global Forwarding business. We feel very good about the caliber of the team, almost all of the integration work has been completed over the last couple of years. We have a very solid network with a good leadership team in place and some very good processes and procedures that have improved our Global Forwarding offering. The primary area where we still have some continued work is in regard to the IT systems and we think that there is some opportunity that continued to improve some of our business processes in our Global Forwarding activities, but the first two years have been very positive and we feel great about how we’ve improved our competitive presence in the network around the world. Moving on then to Slide 9, our other logistics services for the quarter, again, as a reminder this includes our transportation management services, warehousing, small parcel and some other miscellaneous non-transportation services that we provide. Net revenues for the quarter increased 4%, net revenues for the year increased 7.6%. In 2014, we finished below our longer-term growth target of 10% for these services; however, the pipeline continues to look really good. There was some transition in some of those services and some customer activity. But the pipeline looks great and we continue to feel that this is going to be a very important part of our business going forward particularly with regards to integrating services and creating a lot of innovation outside of our core transportation services. As we’ve said in many past quarters, these – almost all of these other logistics services are heavily inter-twined with the meaningful amount of our transportation revenue probably somewhere in the neighborhood of 10% of our transportation revenue that is overlapping with these customers. Moving then to Slide 10, in our sourcing results for the fourth quarter of 2014, net revenue decreased 7% for the quarter and we finished down 9% for the year. We’ve talked throughout 2014 about the changes in our sourcing business with the mix of larger customer changes some of the weather related issues and the other things that have impact the turnover in our results. We have a good sourcing team in place and they are working hard to deliver better results in 2015 and we do have a plan to grow our net revenue in 2015, back to our longer-term target of more of mid-single digit net revenue growth. So we feel that this is an important part of our business, as I’ve mentioned many times in the past. The buying and selling of our fresh fruits and vegetables is very integrated into our temperature controlled transportation services. And there are a lot of very effective customer solution offerings that are offered through this team. And we are optimistic about the future that there are opportunities to grow and create value in this service line as well within Robinson. So that concludes the overview of the services we offer, our margins and our results for the quarter. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Chad, for some comments on our income statement.
Chad Lindbloom: Thanks, John. As John mentioned, I’ll begin on Slide 11, which is our summarized income statement. As John mentioned earlier in the overview, our total net revenues were up 13% for the fourth quarter, and our operating income was up 21%. When you look at our personnel expenses for the quarter, they increased approximately 15% or $32 million. Of that $32 million increase approximately $29 million was caused by increased incentive compensation. Our equity compensation was up $16 million for the quarter compared to last year’s fourth quarter, and our cash and other incentive plans were up $13 million. Our average headcount was slightly down at 0.6% for the fourth quarter. So basically, the overall increase in our compensation expense during the quarter was driven by those incentive plans that we’ve talked about all the year, that we're extremely low last year and are coming back. Year-to-date some similar metrics, our total personnel increase was a $112 million, $79 million of that was from increased incentive compensation made up of $38 million and that increase in equity expense and $41 million in cash and other incentive programs. Our incentive compensation philosophy and plans have stayed relatively consistent with previous years. The increase is based on our increased net revenues and earnings growth. Last year our incentives were extremely low due to the lack of earnings growth. Moving on to the other SG&A line, which decreased about 7.6% for the quarter. This was driven primarily by reductions in our provisions for doubtful accounts. Bad debt expense was $5.3 million in last year’s fourth quarter, and we experienced a credit of approximately $800,000 or a negative expense in this year’s fourth quarter, for an improvement of $6 million. We expect this expense to fluctuate from period-to-period. It is influenced by specific customer issues, our aging in the quality of our accounts receivable portfolio, in the size of our accounts receivable portfolio. We had a great collection quarter and no significant issues with specific customers. For the year, our provision for doubtful accounts was $15.1 million this year, compared to $15.6 million last year, this level of expense relative to our gross revenues are within historic ranges. Moving on to Slide 12, looking at our cash flow and some other balance sheet data. We had a strong free cash flow quarter with cash provided by operations of $208 million, and CapEx including software of $4.3 million. During 2015, we expect an increase in our total CapEx, we expected to be between $50 million or $55 million. Included in this estimate is building a second data center for disaster recovery. We are currently we are outgrowing our current disaster recovery site, which is in Chicago. And we’ll build another center similar to our current primary site. We expect to spend $15 million to $20 million on this site in 2015, and with some carryover CapEx into 2016 and planned to bring the site live in early 2016. At the end of the quarter, we had $359 million in restricted cash. This was related to our purchase of Freightquote. Because the deal closed on January 1 and banks are closed on January 1. We had the funds held in Escrow, by an Escrow agent. Our debt balance including the borrowings related to the Freightquote purchase price was $1.1 billion. Moving on to Slide 13, looking at our capital distribution. As we’ve talked about our goal is to distribute 90% of our net income to our shareholders in most environments, while maintaining a debt-to-EBITDA ratio in the 1% to 1.5% range. This will vary the 90% total return of net income to shareholders, will vary based on our cash flow generations, needs for working capital and other capital needs. For the right acquisition opportunity, we’ve mentioned before that we – be willing to go up to 2.5 or 3 times debt-to-EBITDA in the future. During the quarter, we paid $57.4 million in cash dividends and spent $39.7 million as repurchasing shares. For the year, we fell slightly short of our 90% goal. We suspended share repurchase activities during November and didn’t buy during December. This was due to the company having knowledge of the acquisition prior to public announcements, which precluded us from purchasing shares on the open market. With that, I will turn it back to John for our closing prepared comments.
John Wiehoff: Okay. Our last slide, Page 14, is the look ahead where we try to share what we’re seeing in the marketplace and what we’re thinking about 2015. If you look at the bullet points there, I think as we’ve talked over the last several years about the changes in both secular issues, the competitive landscape, technology all of that and then the cyclical changes in the transportation marketplace pretty much comes down to looking at those two topics. And the first one around truckload performance it's 59% of our net revenue and I know that in terms of trying to understand what our future performance especially in the shorter-term might look like is to try to get a sense of what’s happening in the truckload environment. For the month of January in our legacy or traditional C.H Robinson truckload activity; we had net revenue growth approximating 15% which is very similar to what we’ve experienced during the fourth quarter of 2014. We also had more modest volume growth in that same lower single-digit range for the month of January. Those numbers exclude any impact of Freightquote, which we have some preliminary numbers, but wanted to do more quality control and understand before we start to talk about what those would do. The challenge this year even more so than past years, is we’re fairly certain that the January results will not be indicative of what the remainder of the year holds. Again, if you recall from a year-ago when we were sitting in the midst of the polar vertex and a very unusual January period of time, our net revenue had declined. And that was really throughout the remainder of the first quarter and into the second quarter when we begun to manage differently and reacts to the environment around adapting to pricing, increasing prices and looking at volume growth differently. So, while the year is off to a great start from a net revenue standpoint, we know that over the next two to three months, we’re going to see a meaningful change in our comparisons in terms of the margins that we’ve incurred. And we also know that we’ll see some difference in the comparison of the volume activity that we’ve had. But the time, we get till the end of the first quarter, get into the early part of the second quarter, if our net revenue margins remain consistent with what they’ve been in the last couple of quarters, our net revenue growth would start to be closer to the volume activity that we have as opposed to benefiting from material year-over-year margin comparison. Our margins can move up or down very quickly as we’ve talked much so in the past, so again it’s very difficult to predict and that’s why, we’re not really comfortable giving very specific guidance of what 2015 is going to look like. The month of January, what we do know now, was at the month of January was very similar to the fourth quarter, there will be probably another 3% to 4% of incremental growth from the truckload portion of the Freightquote net revenues that will roll in for the quarter and again that will be incremental from the acquisition as opposed to comparative year-over-year. So that’s all we know about, our January result at this point, we talked throughout the presentation before too, that volume growth and market share gains are at the foundation of our long-term growth initiatives and what we want to focus on. We do intend to continue to invest in talent during the year, and we know - we have known for quite some time now that after we cycled through 2014 and we feel very confident about the approach that we took that it was the right thing to do. But that over a longer period of time, we do need to focus more on adding talent to the team and more aggressively going after volume growth and market share in 2015 and beyond. So we know that our margin comparisons will change over the next three or four months and we also know that over time we will continue to go back to more focus on volume growth. That’s what we can share at this point about our truckload net revenues, margins cyclicality of where we are at. Turning back a little bit just to our longer-term strategic initiatives and what we’re seeing just a few more comments on the Freightquote acquisition, as we mentioned a couple of times that closed the first of the year, very similar to what we’ve done on any other acquisition in the past, we do intend to have a very long-term focus on our integration strategies and approach with Freightquote. We feel like we are off to a good start, we’ve spent a lot of time getting to learn each other’s business and figuring out how the teams will work together. This acquisition and the integration will be very different than the Phoenix acquisition of two years ago. The employees are essentially in two locations in Kansas city and an office up here in Minneapolis and while there will be a fair amount of focus on the technology offerings and how we integrate systems and most importantly maybe how we segment customers and align ourselves to go to the market efficiently around all the different sizes and types of customers that we want. There won’t be a lot of the similar challenges that there were with Phoenix in having a 150 offices around the world and a lot of overlapping acquisitions and there are locations and sites, where we had to merge teams and create structure together. So we feel that it’s off to a good start. We also feel that we’ll be able to complete the integration of Freightquote within 2015 and be pretty efficient about – about how we get there. Global trade expansion, we have talked in our Global Forwarding service section about the success that we’ve had and putting the businesses together and penetrating the market with more market share. If you recall, both the foundation of our legacy forwarding business and Phoenix were heavily focused on Asia to North America in those trade lanes. We do feel that there is great opportunity to grow in that lane, but in addition focus more on Asia to Europe and North America to Europe to focus on building the other trade lanes as well as strengthening and focusing more on the air services with the higher percentage of our activity today being Ocean. So we do feel like there is great opportunity for us to continue to expand globally and to really focus on forwarding some significant trade lanes. I touched on the fact that sales execution with all type of customers, as our industry has grown as we have grown, as things have become more competitive, we feel like we need to focus better and better on our segmentation strategies and make sure that we are adapting our approach and our goal to market strategies for the various types of customers that we interface with. We have a lot of different initiatives including a very important small customer focus that’s tied into the Freightquote acquisition, that we think will help us grow that segment. We’ve talked in the past about the larger, more integrated customers and the account management strategies and supporting initiatives that we have with them. We feel very good about different verticals and some things that we’re doing to improve our ability to add value to certain types of customers as well too. Those are all are really important themes that you’ll hear more about in the future and our important part of how we plan to grow our business. If we talk about the investments that we’ll make talent technology and network, we’ve talked about adding people, hiring employees and our talent remains the core of our business. There we’ll continue to be more emphasis on that in 2015 with our ongoing focus of training and making sure that we have the right types of people to serve all those customers. On the technology side, Chad mentioned, the infrastructure investments that just continues to be a more and more component of how we serve our customers and the value that we provide to them. In addition to the data center and the infrastructure, we will be spending record amounts on our programming and our software capabilities to make sure that we’re expanding our capabilities and adjusting to our customer’s needs.  Integrating Freightquote and the e-commerce and digital presence is an important part of our technology strategy as well too. Network and network optimization there are a lot of initiatives that we have to improve and continue to drive how our offices work together around sharing freight and improving margins, there is parts of the world where we think, we can expand and open some offices and we have a lot of different initiatives to really improve the efficiency of our network and strengthen the global presence that we have. So those are core competencies of how we compete and things that we will continue to invest in 2015 and beyond. The last bullet point in terms of looking ahead as – a little more than a year ago in the fall of 2013, we had an Investor Day and laid out our long-term expectations of how we thought we could grow and how we could create value in the future. That presentation remains on our website under the investor section with presentations, I’d invite anybody to go back there and read revisit that, if you would like to. We put a lot of effort into that and continue to believe that it reflects a proper assessment of what our growth opportunities and our future can look like. Some of the highlights in there are that we did talk about double digit EPS growth being sustainable while it’s going to fluctuate, we do think that’s remains a reasonable long-term goal. We are pleased that after a difficult start in 2014, that we were able to achieve 15% EPS growth in the first year of that revised long-term expectations. And in addition just a reminder of what I touched on earlier that, you really had crossed all of our services growing market share is an important part of our foundation and how we expect to create value. We talked about our targeted long-term milestone of $25 billion of gross revenue. We’ve reached over $13 billion this year and we think within the next 5 years to 10 years that $25 billion of revenues and market share in this very large logistics and transportation industry is a very doable goal. So, we feel very confident about our long-term strategy and the competitive advantages that we are investing in, in order to sustain our growth and we’ve shared with you a number of initiatives that we’ll be focusing in on more in the short-term to achieve those goals. That concludes our prepared comments. And with that, I will turn it back to Tim to facilitate some of the Q&A that we have received.
Q - Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. And we’ll get right into the pre-submitted questions here. I’d first take a minute to thank all the analyst and investors for taken the time to send us questions we’ve received well over a 100 questions and have done our best to bring out variety of topics to the responses here in this morning. So, I will get right into our first question for Chad. This declining fuel have any impact on your profitability either positively or negatively in the fourth quarter?
Chad Lindbloom: John covered some of those in his prepared remarks. But I’ll try to give you a little bit of additional color. As we’ve talked about before it’s impossible to measure what precession for our truckload business, what the impacts if you are – however we believe over a long period of time, fuel does function as the passthrough. We have much of our business that done in an all-in price. The transactional business that’s quite common on the customer side and when you look at the carrier procurement or the buy side approximately 80% to 90% of our capacity on truckload is hired on an all-in price. As John mentioned, we don’t think there was a major impact on our profitability from fuel in quarter four. Prices to customers for fuel adjust automatically in the lot of cases. All of our contractual business has fuel surcharges that adjust primarily on a weekly basis. However, in times of volatility, we can be helped or hurt as timing differences occur between the buy and the sell. In this type of environment, it is difficult and we could be hurt by the decline in prices as carriers today are looking basically for more money for their line haul. They’re very quick to ask for more money when fuel is increasing and when fuel is decreasing especially in a relatively type market like we’re in now. They’re holding more from on pricing. So going forward, it will be difficult to predict what that impact will be in the short-term but eventually like we’ve always said, we think over a longer period of time, fuel will be in access of passthrough on our truckload business.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, Chad. And a second question for John relates to Freightquote. Have you with passage of time; refined your thoughts regarding both cost and marketing synergies. What role if any have you carved out for Tim Gagnon going forward?
John Wiehoff: When we think about integrated Freightquote, I touched on this briefly but the headline themes our technology, LTL and small customers. So, in terms of the technology side of it we’re very excited about the expanded capabilities that we got with Freightquote and we think there is going to be some marketing synergies in terms of how we go to market with their small customer offering and blend that in with Freightquote. From a cost standpoint, that business is going to remain fairly standalone in terms of its site and its team so we wouldn’t expect a lot of cost savings in the short-term probably the bigger short-term opportunity is that in the truckload portion of Freightquote while they’ve done a effective job of integrating their go-to-market strategy into those small customers for both LTL and truckloads services. We do feel that our procurement capability on the truckloads side can hopefully add value in the shorter-term and help with some other truckload margins and truckload capacity procurement stuff. And hopefully, those improved truckload margins along with improved operating efficiency by sourcing that capacity more effectively would have a positive impact on some of the net revenues as well as the operating expenses. For the most part, we are viewing this as an opportunity to gain share and an opportunity to more effectively go after that small customer segment as well strengthen our LTL offering. With regards to Tim Barton for those of you who may not be familiar, he was the founder of Freightquote started the business in 1999 and has a very strong technology background, so he has been very much key part of the business over the last 16 or 17 years, even prior to our acquisition Tim had removed himself from a lot of the day-to-day activity and had the desire going forward to have a little bit more personal freedom for some other things.  So we have entered into a consulting agreement with Tim, he is going to be available for Matt Roland, the President down there in our leadership team to help whenever or however necessary in terms of the Freightquote business and the integration of that. And we also have some other strategic initiatives that he is going to be assisting us with primarily in the managed services and technology areas to help us sort out what’s the best approach going to be going forward. So he will be acting as a consultant for a year or two to help us integrate and learn about our business and help us figure out some strategic things and then where we access from there in terms of what the role will be in.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John, next question for Chad. You’ve been very clear that he planned to add talent in 2015, as you are ramping headcount, do you expect your personnel expenses to grow faster than net revenue in 2015?
Chad Lindbloom: Okay. As we’ve mentioned during the year, we are at all time high especially in North America truck productivity levels, when we look at volumes per person. Therefore we do expect to grow heads to support our future volume growth. Headcount growth should approximate, but hopefully be a little slower than volume growth over time. Personnel expenses should also grow roughly in line with this volume growth assuming consistent net revenue margins.  Obviously, there will be fluctuations between in our net revenue margins going forward, but our variable incentive compensation makes up for some of that margin fluctuation. So we can’t say that will grow perfectly in – that personnel expense will grow perfectly in line with net revenues. But we expected to approximate our net revenue growth over time, again there will be periods like we experienced this year where in micro faster and there’s also been periods in the past and different parts of the economic and growth cycles where it’s growing slower.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, Chad, next question for John. Last year in the first quarter the trucking industry faced an unusual environment as adverse weather throughout much of the U.S impacted volumes, capacity and spot pricing. Will this creating any unusual comparisons or volumes, net revenue margins that investor should be aware of, when you report first quarter 2015 results.
John Wiehoff: I touched on this briefly earlier, but it’s more than enough to probably get into, again I just reiterate that last year first quarter was very unusual, it started out very difficult with negative net revenue declines. By the month of March, we actually had some fairly decent results and had been adapting to the marketplace with pricing changes and improving things, also the weather has started to improve by then. So it makes it very difficult to understand what the first quarter and aggregate will look like, but we do expect that things will change meaningfully throughout the quarter in terms of our comparisons to the prior year, and then as we get into the second and third quarters. We will be comparing to those higher margins as well and be adapting to whatever changes happen this year.
Tim Gagnon: Thank John, next question for Chad. What is your expected tax rate for 2015?
Chad Lindbloom: Assuming no changes our tax reform. We expect our rate to be 38% to 38.5%, when you look at the plans of broadening the base and reducing the rate that would have a significant increase to our earnings by a reduction of our income tax expense, as we have very few special incentives on today’s tax environment.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks Chad. Next question for John on the sourcing business. I realized that there are weather related issues that impact the sourcing business. But did that closer to be a more stable year-over-year net revenue growth rate business, at this point?
John Wiehoff: That is our plan, as I mentioned earlier that there has been a lot of challenge in the sourcing area both with weather and with churn and dedicated customer business, but we do feel very good about our ability to add value in that space and provide growth and that we believe there in 2015 our plan would be for year-over-year net revenue growth.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks John. Next question for Chad. Did you have any M&A expenses in the fourth quarter related to the Freightquote acquisition?
Chad Lindbloom: Our efforts around the Freightquote acquisition were primarily internal expenses. We did not engage in an investment banker. However, we did have about $500,000 of professional fees primarily for lawyers and the accountants for due diligence and the negotiation of the merger agreement. 
Tim Gagnon: Thanks Chad. Next question for John. On the forwarding side, can you highlight a few key trade lanes, where you plan to add density in the coming years, either via M&A or organic growth opportunities?
John Wiehoff: I did touch on this briefly a little bit earlier, but Asia to Europe is a core corridor or trade lanes where we think we can have some meaningful growth this year, also with the meaningful movements in currency. We think there might be some opportunities to look at some of the trade lanes where there would be more export activity out of Europe or to Europe and North America back and forth. So, in addition to that, what I mentioned earlier around the air freight offering that if you look at our Global Forwarding offering today execute more towards the Ocean activity from Asia to North America. So, we feel that there are air opportunities in a number of lanes around the world that we can grow in.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. Next question for Chad, CHRW plans to increase the return of cash to shareholders via dividends and stock buybacks. Can you provide the framework you plan to use what dividend payout ratio? Are you targeting how much debt are you comfortable with either measured by debt to EBITDA or debt to capitalization?
John Wiehoff: Okay. I covered a lot of this in my prepared comments, but our targeted dividend pay-out ratio remains at 45%. Our share repurchase activities again will vary based on our cash flow generation with targeting the 90% total return to shareholders. As far as our debt capacity we set through normal ongoing capital distributions, we want to stand to 1 to 1.5 times range but we would be comfortable going up to 2.5 to 3.0 times debt to EBITDA for the rate acquisition opportunity.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. Thanks and again for Chad, you outlined a 7% to 12% long-term EPS growth target at your Investor day but your press release and slides referenced double-digit EPS growth goal. So, wondering if you’re officially increasing your long-term outlook if so, what is the basis for the increased confidence? Does it have to do with the Freightquote acquisition or other acquisition plans or a general improvement in market conditions or you’re positioning?
Chad Lindbloom: As John mentioned in his prepared comments, we restated our growth goals from the Investor day. Our Investor day slide on long-term growth targets which I think in Slide 9, the first bullet point on that slide states our goal is double digit EPS growth. You are correct that we did set – state a targeted range of 7% to 12% EPS growth which 10 is roughly the midpoint of that range. We gave a range to make it clear that we expect volatility in the growth rate from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year. We still feel good about the goals we set during that presentation and feel that we should be able to achieve these goals over time. Again, some quarters and some years we'll do better in some quarters and some areas. We want – want to achieve double-digit EPS growth.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. Another question for Chad here, can you provide some color around the decline in D&A, the decline in bad debt in any one-time expense related to the Freightquote deal?
Chad Lindbloom: Sure. The depreciation and amortization declines compared to last year we're do primarily to some acquisition amortization running out this year from previous deals. Beginning it’s important to remember though that beginning in quarter one. We will have additional amortization expense for Freightquote. We are in the process of our purchase price allocation and our work to get an appraisal done. But based on previous deals, we would expect that amortization from the Freightquote acquisition to be somewhere in the $11 million to $13 million per year range. Moving on to bad debt expense that fluctuates as I mentioned based on our aging and the size of our accounts receivable portfolio and any customers specific issues. The aging improved during the quarter and the amount of our accounts receivable decreased during the quarter, compared to the end of the third quarter. As I mentioned there were no significant account specific issues during the quarter, which led to a low expense for the quarter actually in credit for the quarter. It does vary from quarter-to-quarter and the fourth quarter was a very good collection quarter. We collected some money, some old money that had been previously reserved. As I mentioned earlier, we’re moving on to the question about the Freightquote cost. I think, I have already answered that that we had about $500,000 of outside spend. The rest of the effort was primarily with the internal resources.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. Thanks Chad. Next question for John, would you please update us on the development of the European Truck brokerage effort has the sluggish economic growth in Europe changed your view regarding the potential of this opportunity?
John Wiehoff: Our European truck brokerage business represents about 4% of the net revenue of the truckload net revenues and in that investor deck and in our past we’ve talked about believing that the European continent provides an equal opportunity for growth and platform that we could have a business very similar to our North American truckload services. We have not changed that long-term view in terms of the opportunity. However, the economic growth in the environment in Europe today has impacted our attitude about the pace and how aggressively we’ll go after share during this period of time. Very similar to what we’ve talked about in North America over the last year or so, we’ve been added in Europe for maybe a little over 20 years and there are different environments that are better for going after share and different environments for providing service for those of who may not be familiar with it there – in addition to the slow growth and decline there actually have been declining truckload prices in Europe in the last couple of years. And when we look at opening offices and aggressively going after share, a slow growth, no growth, declining price environment can be very challenging, like we very expensive essentially they go after market share very aggressively during that period of time. So we are doing that, we are opening offices, we are investing in our foundation and we have very long-term goals that will continue to become a more and more meaningful piece of our business. But we have tried to be realistic and adjust our pace of openings in our investment spending to make sure that we’re adapting to the environment in Europe as well as North America.
Tim Gagnon: Okay, thanks, John, next question again for you. Forwarding performed very well in the fourth quarter, can you give us a sense of CHRW has already realized all of the benefits from better buy rates related to Phoenix acquisition or should we expect further benefits in 2015?
John Wiehoff: So when we think about the benefits of the deal particularly around the buy side and most of that to-date has been in ocean, really in 2013, we were able to capture a lot of the benefit of the combined contracts in any sort of procurement leverage around scale and getting the best contracting environment. So you are one probably have some of that improvement in there. A big part of the net revenue are margin opportunity in tales the optimized routing of making sure that each box is getting on the right steamship line and that each customer is being served in the optimal way. We got better at that the last couple of years, but I think there is opportunity to continue to do that more in the future around operational improvement, process improvement and lot of that is supported by the technology that we still have some more work to do on. Lastly, there are very meaningful margin opportunities in consolidation activity and very similarly, I think, we have very good competitive line haul prices today, but in both area in ocean the smarter we can be and the more effective we can be at consolidating freight and routing things properly, there will be more margin opportunity there. So we’ve already seen significant amounts of benefits, but through operational improvements, systems improvements, better data management we do hope to continue to drive more efficiency and more margin opportunity in the next couple of years.
Tim Gagnon: Next question again for John, can you comment on the CFO search when would you expect to have a new CFO in place?
John Wiehoff: We do have a search firm engaged to as out actively in the marketplace right now, looking for candidates, we expect to have somebody in place by the spring. As we’ve talked about before we are making these changes from a longer term perspective around strengthening the team and adding to the talent that we already have. So we feel like we are in a good spot today with the strong finance team and we’re going to make sure that we take whatever time it takes to get the right person on Board and strengthen the team of Robinson, but we’ve had hope over the next couple of months and by spring time to have that process completed.
Tim Gagnon: Okay, thanks John. Next question again for you, 2014 seem to have a focus of allocating resources towards more profitable freight rather than just volume. How does that balance between the two feel for 2015?
John Wiehoff: Probably touched on this in a variety of ways, but obviously moving back towards a little bit more aggressive approach in truckload for sure around going after market share. Some of the other services we have been little bit more aggressive towards market share especially forwarding like I just touched on. As I’ve mentioned in a variety of spots, a lot of – what is appropriate has to do with adapting to the current market condition. So it’s our sense today that of capacity remains tight, that pricing will continue to escalate in that, hopefully the environment will be conducive for us to invest in our team and continue to go after market share a little bit more aggressively during 2015. The things can change in a hurry as we learned a year ago and depending upon, what might happen in the market. We may have to adapt more because it’s a constant assessment of what those market conditions are but at the current plan, we feel like we can start to move more aggressively into investing in our team and going after market share like we have for several years prior to this 2014.
Tim Gagnon: Okay, thanks John, again to you here a question about capacity. Do you see any near term solution to the driver issues, where it could create more capacity? 
John Wiehoff: We do have the general industry view that capacity on the truckload side is going to remain tight for an extended period of time. The solution in our view has always been a fairly straight forward formula, that it just takes compensation adjustments to our pricing changes to attract capacity to the marketplace. New equipment costs more and driver’s wages need to increase meaningfully in order to attract more drivers to the industry. I think the types of price increases that we saw in 2014 are a healthy start in that movement or in that direction. And it will take more of that in order to continue to attract drivers to the industry. From what we see around data points of new truck offering or new truck purchases and capacity availability in the marketplace, maybe there are some early signs of that starting to happen, but if we do continue to have increases in economic growth and freight demand. We’ll need to see a lot more of that in order to provide the capacity that the marketplace needs.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks John. The next question around the acquisitions, what's your M&A appetite following your acquisition of Freightquote? Do you plan to fully integrate Freightquote before pursuing additional M&A opportunities?
John Wiehoff: As I mentioned earlier, I do believe that the integration process for Freightquote will be quicker and in many ways simpler than our Phoenix acquisition. So, while we do have a culture that says, we’re going to finish one project before we jump into the next one. I do feel like our opportunities to look at further acquisitions will come quicker and that by the later part of this year, if the right opportunity came along, we would be interested in pursuing that. In addition, the Freightquote was very meaningful business, it is concentrated in the smaller segment of customers in their other parts of our business in forwarding our managed services, where we could be acquisitive and not really impact or overlap with any of that acquisition. So, with – there are some consideration for the integration resources and probably more like in the first half of 2015. And we will continue to look for the right types of high quality acquisitions, even during 2015 to continue to grow the business.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. Next question for Chad, does CHRW have any meaningful cost levers remaining to pull? What drives’ margins higher from here? Is it possible to drive further cost from the network or does further margin improvement now depend on volume increases in pricing?
Chad Lindbloom: We’re always managing the business to look for ways to drive cost efficiency, leveraging our people more investing in technology and things like that. We feel really proud about the progress we’ve made over the last 15 years, but as we’ve been talking about for the last couple, we don’t expect the operating margins to expand as much as they did over that period of time. Going forward, the primary driver of future earnings growth will be net revenue growth. Margins fluctuate over time, but the primary driver of net revenue growth will be volume growth. And as we mentioned earlier, we’re at pretty high productivity levels right now. We will try to find ways to make our people more productive, but we do expect cost to grow inline, but hopefully, slightly slower than our net revenues over the long period of time going forward.
Tim Gagnon: Okay, thanks, Chad. And this will be the last question here, it’s to John. Are you seeing any increase in the availability of capacity from the small independent owner operators? I think, higher base rates in lower fuel might increase the attractiveness of the business, I’m wondering, if there are any signs of capacity coming into the market?
John Wiehoff: I’ve touched on this briefly with the previous question that we do see some opportunities or some changes of capacity coming into the marketplace, but it gets very early in the change in that cycle. In early 2015, January is always a spotty time in terms of lower – overall lower freight demand and generally a less tightness in the marketplace, so there were some periods even during the current month where capacity seem to be more available, but that’s probably more a function of January and yearly cyclicality rather than indicative of overall more capacity coming into the marketplace. But, as I stated earlier it's pretty much supply and demand and driven by pricing and with the types of activity that we saw during 2014. It’s very intuitive that you would see more people choosing this as a carrier profession and that those new orders of trucks will trickle down into the medium and small carriers as well too and that we will see continuation of available capacity from moment.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. Thanks, John. And unfortunately, we are out of time and we apologies that we couldn’t get to all the questions today. We thank everyone for participating in our fourth quarter and year end call. The call will be available for replay in the Investor Relation section of the C.H. Robinson website at www.chrobinson.com. And it will also be available by dialing 888-203-1112 and entering the passcode 7290001#. The replay will be available a little bit later on today. If you have additional questions please call me, Tim Gagnon at 952-683-5007 or contact me by Email at tim.gagnon@chrobinson.com. Thank you everyone. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today’s conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  John Wiehoff – Chief Executive Officer Chad Lindbloom – SVP & Chief Financial Officer Tim Gagnon – Director, Investor Relations 
Analysts:  
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C. H. Robinson Q3 2014 Conference Call. (Operator instructions.) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Wednesday October 29th, 2014. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Gagnon, the Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Gagnon: Thank you, Debbie, and good morning everyone. On our call this morning will be John Wiehoff, our Chief Executive Officer, and Chad Lindbloom, Chief Financial Officer. John and Chad will provide some prepared remarks on the highlights of our Q3 and we’ll follow that with a response to pre-submitted questions we have received after our earnings release yesterday.  Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate our discussion today. Those slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website which is located at www.chrobinson.com. John and Chad will be referring to these slides in their prepared comments. I’d like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management’s expectations. With that I will now turn it over to John to begin his prepared comments on Slide 3 with a review of Q3 2014 results.
John Wiehoff: Thank you, Tim. Thanks everybody for taking the time to listen to our call. On that Slide 3 that highlights our consolidated results for Q3 2014 I’ll highlight just a couple of the key metrics that we reference every quarter. Total revenues for Q3 were up 4.5%. Net revenues grew at 13.9%. The higher net revenue growth was driven by margin expansion that we’ll share several comments about to explain further. Income from operations in the quarter was up 15.3% and net income increased at 16.0%.  So overall our operating expenses and our income from operations are growing roughly in line with our net revenue growth. There are some variations in the fixed and variable expenses that Chad and I will cover with more comments on later but in general our income grew at the rate of our net revenues. Our EPS for the quarter was $0.85 compared to $0.69 last year which represents a 23% growth in EPS for the quarter. As the slide highlights, the variance in the growth in the EPS rate was impacted by a lower effective tax rate this quarter that we’ll come back to as well, and our change in our capital structure that improved our EPS growth for the quarter. Moving on to Slide 4 and our overall Transportation results for the quarter. Transportation revenues increased 6.5% and net revenues were up 14.9% for Q3. As we have been for a while on Slide 4 we show a ten-year history of our Transportation net revenue margin. As I’ve commented in the past there’s a lot going on on this slide because it’s total Transportation and it includes not only truckload which is two-thirds of our revenues, but less-than-truckload, intermodal as well as our international services.  But nonetheless, with all of the margin fluctuations and mix issues that are included we do find it very helpful to look at the consolidated Transportation margins to sort of put the quarter in context to the past. The 16.1% net revenue margin for the quarter as you can see represents a 120 basis point improvement from Q3 last year. If you look at the chart which you’ll also notice it’s the 14.9% from last year is the lowest number on the ten-year chart here. So while there’s a lot going on with cycles and secular changes that we’ve discussed in the past, the improvement in the quarter to 16.1% represents results that are about the midpoint of the last ten years from an overall margin standpoint. With that I think I’ll move on to the next slide and talk specifically about Truckload transportation. On Slide 5 our Truckload results for the quarter: net revenues increased 15.8% for the quarter and are up 10.6% year-to-date.  The metric that we’ve been sharing for the last couple of years to try to help understand the margin fluctuations in Truckload are highlighted in the upper right-hand corner of Slide 5 and they show that on average our customer pricing for the quarter increased 10% compared to Q3 a year ago. At the same time our average cost of hire or approximate cost of hire increased 8.0% compared to Q3 a year ago. This quarter, similar to what we’ve talked about in the past with all of the meaningful changes that went on in the truckload market this year there’s quite a range of actual price increases that are driving those averages. Transactional pricing in the quarter continues to be often in excess of 10% while more committed or contractual pricing averages something more in the mid-single digit type increase.  So the significant changes in the market with the lack of a lot of surge or flex capacity has resulted in overall price increases but much more significant price increases for the spot market. The other metric that we talk about is our volume increases. Volume increased 1% for the quarter. As we talk all the time taking market share and growing our volume is an important part of our long-term strategy and our approach to the market. We talked at the beginning of this year with all of the meaningful price changes and shifts in capacity in the market that we were going to be very focused on serving our current customers and serving our committed accounts, and making sure that we are adapting to market conditions.  So while we would concede that we did not likely take market share during Q3 2014 we think we’re doing the right thing to manage our business and to serve our customers. And we still have confidence that in the long term we’ll be able to aggressively grow our volumes and take market share. Moving to Slide 6, our LTL results for the quarter: net revenues in LTS increased 10.6%. Volumes increased approximately 7%. Similar to the Truckload service, demand for LTL services and related pricing both increased during the quarter. In our LTL business we have both customer-specific pricing arrangements that we work with our customers and our carriers, and we have some general rate tariffs that also increased. This year unlike some years there’s been multiple increase to some of those general rate tariffs that are in the marketplace reflective of the fact that customer demand and pricing in the marketplace continues to increase in the LTL mode as well. We commented in the last quarter and would say again this time that driver shortages and some other cost pressures are impacting the LTL carriers that we interact with more significantly than in previous periods, and that is what’s driving a portion of the price increases in the marketplace. Also I’d make the comment that since our LTL pricing, especially with the larger customers and carriers tends to be a little bit more automated we have a little less margin fluctuation quarter-to-quarter in the LTL results than we do in Truckload. Moving then to Slide 7, our intermodal results for Q3. As you can see on Slide 7 net revenue for the quarter increased 3.8% and volume was approximately flat for the quarter. I’ve discussed in the past and we continue this year to work on the operational effectiveness of the committed capacity that we have as well as managing our network more aggressively. We do believe that we were able to improve our efficiency and that contributed to the net revenue increase by making sure that we’re managing our equipment properly and serving the customers in the optimum way. It’s been talked about a lot in our industry and we were also impacted by the railroad service issues that are happening. For us, because we have a smaller network and are managing it more aggressively that primarily translates into making it more difficult to increase volumes, but we’re proud of the service that we’re able to deliver our customers despite some of the service issues that are going on in the networks. Moving then to Slide 8, our Global Forwarding results for the quarter – ocean, air and Customs results. Net revenues for Ocean increased 15.5% in Q3. Air net revenues increased 13.1% and Customs Brokerage services were up 24.0% for the quarter. In our Global Forwarding business we are just a couple of days away from our November 1st anniversary of two years ago when we made a significant investment to acquire Phoenix International. The Global Forwarding Division of Robinson has been through a lot of change the last couple of years, and as we talked last quarter we’re proud of the fact that despite all of that change and investment that’s happened over the last couple of years we have been able to grow our net revenue each quarter over the last couple of years while all of that change and investment is going on. I won’t grind through a lot of the integration details again because I’ve hit those pretty hard in the past but I would sort of summarize it by saying that we feel very good about our first two years and our integration plan is largely complete, except for some IT initiatives that are going to carry on into 2015 that are fairly important to continue to make our network operate as one and improve our operating efficiencies. But from a team standpoint and a customer standpoint the offices are all settled, we have one leadership team, we have one network and we do feel very good about all that has been accomplished over the last couple of years. We also do feel good about the phases of cross-selling and trying to manage our business more aggressively. We talked about how in year one it was primarily focused on service contracts and aligning those offices into one network; and how this year we have begun to move into some more aggressive cross-selling and trying to leverage the investments that we’ve made over the last couple of years. And we do feel like those investments are starting to get some traction. Our growth during the quarter and our increased growth rate is a combination of a bunch of things. There’s some more favorable market conditions; there’s some current customers that we’re getting more freight from and we do have some demonstrated success in cross-selling where traditional domestic customers today are more receptive to some of our Global Forwarding capabilities and pricing based on our increased capabilities. So we feel very good about the results from the Global Forwarding Division and we feel like we are starting to see some of the return of investment that we’ve made over the last couple of years. Moving then to Slide 9, our Other Logistics Services results for Q3. Net revenues for the quarter increased 18.5%. From a definition standpoint, again, it’s helpful to remember the primary or largest source of revenue in this category is our Transportation Management Services. It also includes Warehousing and Small Parcel. This line item, and I think I’ve said this every quarter but it probably bears repeating, that this is one of the more important sources of high growth that we have because not only does it represent an opportunity for us to continue to expand – and we will continue to invest in it – but many of these services are provided to our larger, integrated customers where we also have significant Transportation revenue that’s derived from them. So it’s reflective of the fact that for many of our customers, integrating our services and providing them in a more unified way is an important part of how we’re changing and how the market is changing and what they’re looking for. Moving on to Slide 10 and our Sourcing results for Q3. Sourcing total revenues were down 8.9% for the quarter. Sourcing net revenues decreased 2.5% for [Q3]. We’ve talked throughout this year about a couple of things: that we had lost some committed business from a larger customer that we are cycling through, and that will continue through the remainder of this year. We hope it to end by the end of this year based on what we know today but we continue to work through that which is one of the primary reasons for the decline in total revenues. We also have talked about some of the weather-related issues and some of the commodity challenges that we’ve had and specific items that have created less margin for us and less opportunity due to freezes and floods in certain categories. What we experienced during Q3 this year is a return to a more normal net revenue margin of 7.6% which again is probably somewhere in the midrange of our longer-term margin expectations for this division. And that improvement in margin year-over-year is what led the net revenue decline to be less than our total revenues for the Sourcing Division. That summarizes the comments on our net revenues and our activities by service line. With that I will turn it over to Chad for some comments on our income statement and other financial information.
Chad Lindbloom: Thanks, John. I’ll begin my remarks on Slide 11 which is our summarized income statement.  As John mentioned earlier, our total net revenues were up 14% and our operating income was up 15%. Even though we did achieve a little operating margin expansion our personnel expenses did grow faster than our net revenues. Our personnel expenses increased approximately 20% or $40 million. Approximately $30 million of the increase was caused by increased incentive compensation. Our total equity compensation was up $16 million and our cash and other incentive plans were up $14 million. Our incentive compensation philosophy and plan stayed relatively consistent with previous years. The increase is based on our increased net revenue and earnings growth. Last year our incentives were extremely low due to our lack of earnings growth. Most of these plans are based on annual performance. If our earnings growth continues our personnel expense will likely continue to grow faster than net revenues for the remainder of the year. The remaining $10 million of the increase was driven by approximately 2% average headcount increase compared to last year’s Q3 and also increases in other personnel-related costs including slight salary increases.  Our SG&A decreased 3.6%. This was primarily by reductions in claims expense and travel expense. Some of this reduction in travel was driven by less integration-related travel from the Phoenix acquisition.  Moving on to Slide 12, we had a strong free cash flow quarter with cash provided by operations of $177 million and CapEx including investments in software of $6.3 million. Our debt balance dropped from $900 million at the end of Q2 to $845 million at the end of Q3 – again, this reduction in debt was driven by our strong cash flow. Moving on to Slide 13, we are continuing our capital distribution methodology that we described at our Investor Day last November. Our goal is to distribute 90% of our net income to shareholders in most environments while maintaining our debt to EBITDA ratio in the range of 1.0 to 1.5 times. These distributions will vary based on our cash flow generation, needs for working capital and other capital needs.  When you look at the table on Slide 13 you can see that we have a long track record of achieving this goal of cash distribution. During the quarter we paid $52.7 million in cash dividends and spent $76.8 million repurchasing shares. Our share repurchases tend to be more weighted towards the second half of the year which is when we tend to generate the bulk of our cash flow for the year. With that I will turn it back to John for our closing prepared comments.
John Wiehoff: Okay, finishing off our prepared comments addressing Slide 14 and the bullet points around the look ahead and sharing some thoughts about our future.  This quarter similar to the past when we think about Q4 or the upcoming quarter, the thing that we find the most helpful or correlating in our world is the North American Truckload net revenue metric which we shared to-date in October is up 13% per business day when compared to last year. So a couple of percentage points less than Q3 this year but very much in line with the same trend around double-digit net revenue growth and very modest volume growth. About a year ago we also held an Investor Day in New York and we walked through at that point in time how we were thinking about our business from a strategy standpoint and from a long-term focus standpoint. When we look at the rest of this year and into next year our team believes that long-range plan and that investor deck that we shared a year ago still remains very valid. For those of you who weren’t there or want to be refreshed by it, it is still available at www.chrobinson.com under the Investor Deck. I just want to highlight a few of the things that we talked about a year ago and that we still believe to be true in our business that will impact us in Q4 as well as 2015 and beyond. A lot of discussion over the last several years about the fact that our business is impacted by both business cycles and secular change in our industry and that it’s very difficult to quantify any of those individual variables, and that it’s very easy to confuse the two because the impacts are oftentimes blended together. So while we did have some nice margin expansion during the quarter it is our expectation that those business cycles of supply and demand, particularly in Truckload, will continue to happen and that our margins will continue to fluctuate in future periods in a way that are very difficult to predict. In a lot of ways we think it’s our primary mission to not only manage our business but to help our customers manage through both those shorter-term cycles as well as the longer-term secular changes that are happening.  We do have a lot of interaction with customers and shareholders throughout the quarter where we have talked about the changes in the Truckload industry and the fact that today in some ways there’s less surge capacity or less flexibility in the existing capacity than there has been in many previous periods. The fact that driver shortages and regulatory changes and supply chains maybe shortening in some instances rather than expanding – there’s a combination of cyclical and secular changes that are still going on, particularly in the Truckload sector, that will continue to impact our results. So our core message a year ago was that while things are changing and while there are a lot of things happening in our industry and in the marketplace we did tap down our long-term expectations from a 15% target to a double-digit EPS growth expectation. But I think the deck that’s out there does a nice job of explaining why we still believe there’s good market share and good long-term opportunity in the services that we offer. A couple of the other things that are important that I want to reaffirm is that it is very important in our long-term strategy that we take market share. I touched on this in the Truckloads sector, that we have always had a strategy of adapting to market conditions and working with our customers to do what’s right for them and what’s right for Robinson at the same time; but over a long period of time it is very important in all of the services. It is our goal to grow and to take share, and that will continue to be a long-term foundation of how we hold ourselves accountable. We also will continue to invest in new services and expand aggressively where we see the right opportunity. I commented earlier that after 20 years of offering Global Forwarding services we made a significant investment to more than double our presence in the Global Forwarding division, and two years into that we feel that that’s been a very good investment and will continue to be very positive for our customers and for the Robinson shareholders. Expanding and strengthening our network – we do have a lot of initiatives in North America and around the world to better optimize what we’re doing, whether it’s determining how to best consolidate or route freight or how to improve transit times for our customers, or to make revenue more available for some of the capacity providers that we work with.  So those are some of the keys. The last bullet point that I want to touch on though is the last bullet point on Slide 14, talking about our team and our talent a little bit as we head into the remainder of ’14 and 2015.  I commented in the past and we’ve talked today about our personnel increases and where we’re at. As we came into 2014 there were several relevant metrics that kind of shaped our thinking coming into this year. If you look at our three largest divisions within the North American surface trans we had for about a three- or four-year period of time in a very balanced market, had been hiring talent at a slightly greater rate of increase than our volume had increased. And volume is the key metric that we correlate a lot of our headcount and talent needs over time. So while we are proud of our industry-leading efficiency and feel like we were doing a good job we also know that we had been adding people fairly aggressively and that we were coming into a period of time where, with a harsh winter last year and significant changes in prices, that perhaps it was a prudent way to think about coming into 2015 to leverage some of the experienced talent that we had to serve our customers and be a little less aggressive at going after market share when there were significant market changes going on in the North America Truckload market. We also knew in our Global Forwarding Division that throughout this integration period that we had done all we could to retain all of the original employees from Phoenix and our legacy Forwarding business and that it had been and still is our goal over time to leverage those resources and to become more efficient over time as we improve our processes and become more one network. So similar to the previous year we felt like there was enough talent and leadership in our Global Forwarding Division that we could go for 2014 without having to add a lot of additional investment. And then in our third largest division in the Sourcing, we talked about the lost business that was there. So all of those things when you add them up, our leadership guidance and our direction coming into 2014 was that we felt for this year that we could manage ourselves and drive our results without needing to add a lot of talent to our team – which is what you see in our results for the first three quarters of this year. It has never been our long-term strategy to shrink headcount. If you look at that long-term plan that I referenced that is available out there we talk about people being the foundation of our business. It’s a service organization – that absolutely remains true. I think if you look at every successful company in our industry they are adding people to drive growth and we continue to expect to do the same thing. So we’re very proud of our results for the quarter. We think we have the best team in the industry and we’re going to continue to invest in that team throughout the remainder of this year and next year, where longer-term we do expect that our headcount growth and our personnel costs will grow in line with our volume and market share gains. We have a lot of productivity initiatives and things that we hope to do to continue to grow our earnings a little faster and try to improve that in the future but at the core of creating long-term value is investing in that team and making sure that we maintain our competitive advantage of an industry-leading position by having the best team that’s out there. Those are our prepared comments. With that I will turn it over to Tim to take us through some of the questions that have been submitted. 
Tim Gagnon : Thanks, John. So first I’d like to just take a minute to thank all of the analysts and investors for taking the time yesterday afternoon and last evening to submit some strong questions. And we’ve bundled them or categorized them this morning and John or Chad will respond to some questions that I’ll ask them and we’ll get right into that right away here. So the first question is for John and it’s picking up on the topic that you just spoke about and that is headcount. So the question reads “Why was ending headcount down 103 people sequentially and what can we expect going forward? How long can we expect headcount to grow slower than volumes and/or net revenues? And which is more important – headcount, volume, shipments or net revenues?”
John Wiehoff: So I did weave some of these into my prepared comments but I’ll reiterate them again because I do think they’re fairly important messages, that over a long period of time our investment in talent and people, headcount, will correlate more with shipment volume across literally all of our services; and that adding that talent is a very important growth driver for us that we will be focused on for the remainder of this year and into 2015.  As I mentioned we have a lot of different initiatives to try to continue to make ourselves more productive and as Chad laid out our variable compensation programs are structured to try to keep our business model in line when our rate of growth of when we add the people varies a little bit.
Tim Gagnon: Okay, thanks John. And the second question’s for Chad and it’s on the topic of personnel: “How should we think about personnel costs going forward given the increase of 19% this quarter primarily tied to variable compensation and increase in the accrual of compensation and profit sharing?”
Chad Lindbloom: Yeah, I covered this in some detail in my prepared remarks and John mentioned it earlier. It is important to realize that most of our incentive compensation plans are annual plans, and many of these plans are based not only on earnings but growth in earnings. So when you look at last year, profit sharing and some other expenses – bonus growth pools – were at zero. This year as we’re experiencing growth those plans are accruing some expense and some future benefits for our employees. Because of this our personnel expense is growing faster than net revenue. If our earnings growth continues that will also continue to be the case in Q4 2014. Looking forward to 2015 the year as a whole, if we grow at about the same rate for the year as we grew this year personnel expense and net revenue should grow closer together. However, Q1 2014 we didn’t have a lot of earnings growth so you could continue to see personnel expenses increasing at a faster rate than net revenue in Q1 2015.
Tim Gagnon: Okay, thanks Chad. The next question is for John. Any change to your long-term growth rate targets?
John Wiehoff: This speaks to the earlier comments around yes, a year ago we did tamp down those long-term growth targets from 15% to double-digit EPS growth but in terms of what we laid out a year ago around believing that we can take market share and continue to create long-term shareholder value through double-digit EPS growth. I think we feel very confident that those targets are still valid goals for us to have.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. The next question for Chad: should we expect a return to a 38% tax rate in Q4?
Chad Lindbloom: Our expected tax rate that we’ve communicated in the past is 38.5% to 39.0%. Obviously it was lower this quarter with the $5 million foreign tax credit that was generated through a complex set of situations but basically by repatriating some foreign earnings generated some tax deductions this quarter. So 38.5% to 39.0% is what we believe our normalized ongoing tax rate should be.
Tim Gagnon: And a follow-up question about tax for Chad: were the tax credits received in Q3 something that will continue in the coming quarters? Or were they one-time in nature?
Chad Lindbloom: I don’t want to call them one-time but they’re unusual and will be infrequent. And as I just mentioned it was a set of pretty unique circumstances that generated such a large foreign tax credit during Q3.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. For John this next question related to Truckload volumes: growth year-over-year in the North American Truckload market moderated by 200 basis points from Q2 as was represented by cash shipments as well, and CHRW followed that trend. However with so many shippers apparently turning to brokers one might expect CHRW’s Truckload volume growth to exceed the overall truckload market. Is CHRW under-growing the market because of selectivity and what business you take on or capacity constraints in the market?
John Wiehoff: I think this question speaks to the challenge of sorting out both longer-term secular and shorter-term cyclical issues that we have woven into our business. As I commented earlier we have adapted to market conditions that have had us re-pricing a lot of our freight and we do believe that our approach to changes in the market has impacted our volume growth this year. So yes, the short-term market cycles and how we’re approaching the market we do believe has impacted our volume growth in the current year. The comment about more shippers turning to brokers and being more receptive to 3PL providers, we do believe that to be the case. And in those long-term goals that I referenced several times earlier one of the things that does give us longer-term confidence that we can continue to take share and create value in the long term is that trend, that we think the 3PL model does have more and more applicability and shippers are more receptive to it. And that is part of what will enable us to be successful in the long term.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. Next question for Chad: are you experiencing an improvement because of your ability to re-price contracted volumes higher? And this related to negative loads – are you seeing an improvement in your negative loads?
Chad Lindbloom: Okay, Tim. Our negative loads or loser loads are down sequentially compared to last quarter and they’re also down year-over-year compared to Q3 last year. All these quarters I referenced are in the high-single digits which is higher than our normalized loser loads. When we look at history it’s closer to mid-single digits so I think there’s still some room to go. The improvement, yes, is based on the changes in the marketplace which have allowed us to raise prices or provided us opportunities to raise prices more than we did in previous quarters.
Tim Gagnon: Okay, next question for John: can you elaborate on the cross-selling benefits you are seeing from the Phoenix integration, highlighting any wins and talk to the drivers of strong international air and ocean margins? We’re trying to understand what impact if any procurement synergies are having on the results.
John Wiehoff: When we acquired Phoenix two years ago one of the very first things that we focused on because it’s required essentially is the combination of the service contracts and creating greater scale by putting the combined business together. And that was one of the first-year successes around seeing some improved pricing around the combined contracting. There are a lot of things as you know that impact the margins around how you route the freight, how you distribute it across those contracts, how you consolidate it. And a lot of the things that we continue to work on this year and into the future do continue to have an impact on our cost structure and on our margins around how efficient we are in routing the freight and how effective we can be in generating a margin with that. So the procurement side has had an impact on synergies. Some of it was in year one and some of it continues depending upon sort of how you break down your view towards the cost structure and what we’re doing. The benefits of cross-selling go more to the customer side that I talked about earlier.  We do believe that we have very strong customer relationships in North America, and as I mentioned for twenty years we’ve been selling Global Forwarding services in the North American marketplace. But in those bids that we participate in like every other service they are very competitive and there are other providers, and it comes down to price and service capabilities.  And we’ve had more success recently cross-selling our services and we think it’s from the improved pricing and service capabilities that we’ve developed over the last couple of years; and we’re going to just continue to focus in on that and drive more and more of our account management relationships to take a look at opportunities where we can get involved in international freight as well.
Tim Gagnon: Thank you, John. A technology question for Chad: what is the status of the Navisphere rollout? How far along in the process are you domestically and internationally? Have you given guidance on what level of operating efficiency improvement you expect this system could deliver?
Chad Lindbloom: As John mentioned in his prepared remarks we have a significant amount of work done on the integration of Phoenix onto our Navisphere platform but there is still work ongoing into 2015. In early- or mid-2015 we will be at a point where 95% plus of our net revenues are running through our Navisphere systems from a financial and an online visibility perspective. Future initiatives will include trying to further integrate and improve some of the functionality within Navisphere to make the system even better both in foreign locations as well as domestic. As far as the guidance on productivity, no, we really haven’t given it any guidance and it’s really been happening on an ongoing basis because we have continuous release throughout the year that we pick up a little bit of the incremental value as we go. So we’re not able to really quantify what we expect the future productivity pickups to be and when they will occur.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, Chad. The next question also for you related to margin: 2014 has been an unusual year with respect to Transportation gross margins as they have risen on a percentage basis through the year. Is 16.1% an appropriate placeholder for 2015? Do you believe gross margins can continue to expand sequentially in Q4 as they have expanded sequentially since troughing at 14.9% in Q3 2013?
Chad Lindbloom: Yeah, I would refer you back to Slide 4 which shows you a ten-year history of our Transportation net revenues by quarter and by year. And when you look back there you’ll see that usually Q1 is the highest quarter for total Transportation net revenue. 2014 was unusual to have it be the lowest and that had to do with the market dynamics and cyclicality. If you look when the market finally shifted and demand started to increase relative to supply you’ll see that we did return to what we would consider a more normal, or the, as John mentioned we’re roughly at the “average” of our net revenue margins. So what will they do in the future? The market will be a big part of determining that but is 16.1% a good estimate? I’d say it’s at the midpoint but what happens next year would more depend on what happens in the marketplace.
Tim Gagnon: Okay, thanks Chad. Next question for John: the publicly traded truckload carriers signaled in their Q3 conference calls and releases that continued tightness in truck capacity and an otherwise strong demand environment. Are you experiencing similar outcomes and can you talk a bit about how these market fundamentals are impacting the truckload brokerage market?
John Wiehoff: Throughout all of this year we have continued to see the truck market conditions be a little bit tighter than what we had seen over the previous three or four years prior to that. We do believe and agree with a lot of the truckload providers that are being referenced here that if you look at the underlying cost structure and demographics of the trucking industry, the driver shortage is a very real thing, the new equipment costs a lot more.  There is a lot of cost pressure in the industry, so in that difficult-to-predict assessment of supply and demand and where pricing will go, assuming demand stays stable or increases we do believe that truckload pricing is going to continue to have pressure on it and will continue to rise under the current environment. How is that impacting the truckload brokerage market? As I said earlier, shippers are very focused and we are very focused today on having appropriate plans for your known freight or your committed freight, because planning is as big a premium as ever to make sure that in a tight market you’ve got the capacity that you need secured. It also means that where there is surge freight or unexpected freight or transactional opportunities that it’s generally at a much higher price than a committed or a contracted shipment would be in today’s market. So one of the effects of what’s happening is it’s creating a premium on planning and that’s one of the primary ways that we’re working with our customers more aggressively is to make sure that lead times and route guides are well established and that commitments are understood and worked with; and doing the best we can to try to serve incremental needs when additional capacity typically has a pretty significant premium to it.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. The next question again for you: how should we think about your plan to build out a European Union truckload operation in light of the disappointing macro data from the region? Are you less interested now or are you looking to invest counter-cyclically to be positioned better once the region gets on track? When do you think this business could become a meaningful contributor to growth and how should we think about the eventual margin profile?
John Wiehoff: A lot of good questions in there. For starters we would validate the notion that macro data in Europe does translate into some more difficult conditions in the trucking market. It has been pretty difficult the last couple of years with a lot of declining prices and declining demand on the truckload side in a lot of the parts of Europe but especially in Western Europe. Combining that with a lot of lower-cost capacity coming in from the East and supply chains changing it is a pretty difficult environment to grow the business right now. We have not changed our long-term commitment. We’ve been at it for a little over twenty years and we do continue to invest in building our European surface transportation business by opening offices and by hiring salespeople and going after building a presence in the market. We have backed off a little bit in our rate of some of those activities just to make sure that we’re investing proportionate to kind of the market demand that is there. From a margin standpoint I think we’ve been very open that while we’re profitable in Europe, with the scale of the business relative to the overhead and the investment that we have today it’s not anywhere near kind of the North American profitability metrics. So our goal is to continue to invest even in a difficult time, position ourselves to build out our network for better growth periods so that we can be in a good spot to take advantage of the market condition when they turn; but be prudent along the way to make sure that we’re building a strong foundation and being responsible with our expenses along the way.
Tim Gagnon: Thank you, John. Next question for Chad: did your Truckload length of haul continue to shrink in Q3?
Chad Lindbloom: Yes it did, both sequentially and compared to last year’s Q3. Last year’s Q3 our length of haul is down about 4%. We believe our length of haul is shortening more than the market is as a total, and the primary driver of that is our fastest-growing volume segment is freight of 500 miles or less. A lot of that freight is coming with the increased integrated relationships that John mentioned earlier.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks Chad, the next question for John. In prior communication CHRW has targeted 2.5 times debt to EBITDA for the right acquisition. Under what conditions if any would CHRW consider a purchase that would either be dilutive or exceed this leverage threshold?
John Wiehoff: We haven’t really talked about or explored anything today that would have us thinking that way. I think like any company you probably have to stay open minded to it if the right sort of opportunity came along that we felt could really create value in the long term but in the short term would be more dilutive. It could possibly be a technology business or something that had less revenue or earnings today but had a very positive impact on us, or some competitive threat that was more of a defensive move I think could be likely scenarios where we might consider thinking about different valuation parameters.  But the foundation of our thinking has been and remains today that if we have confidence in our plan which we do then we can create long-term shareholder value by growing primarily organically with some investments that are valued properly and thoroughly integrated into our global network – that that’s what our growth strategy will be.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. Next question is a capital allocation question for Chad: you haven’t raised the dividend since Q4 2012. Q4 2013 was the first Q4 you hadn’t raised it since 2007. What can we expect in Q4 ’14 and when will we hear a definitive announcement?
Chad Lindbloom: We’ve talked about for quite a long time now that our dividend payout ratio target is 45%. And you’re right, we do tend to raise the dividend for the Q4 dividend. The reason why it didn’t go up last year is because our earnings didn’t grow. As we look forward to this year, Q4 of this year, we will be reviewing our dividend again at the Q4 Board meeting and the announcement of what our dividend will be for Q4 of this year will be in early December.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, Chad. Next question for John: in Truck what was the mix of contractual business versus spot in Q3 and how does that compare to Q3 ’13?
John Wiehoff: This is a question that we get often and the way we have answered it remains valid, that compared to some truckload providers or maybe even some other 3PLs in our world there’s not a clear definitional break between contractual and spot market type business. We have a wide variety of commitments and contracts, so we can generalize about it but it’s really hard to put percentages on it.  We get a lot of incremental freight from our contractual relationships, and we get a lot of pre-priced opportunities where even though it may be considered spot market freight there are existing quotes out there and the freight will move along those existing prices until there’s a change in the marketplace – but there’s no real firm commitment to do that. From a generalizing standpoint what we talked about from really 2010 all the way through 2013 last year, that our business was moving towards more and more contracted or committed relationships. The changes this year have resulted in a slightly greater mix of our freight being priced more frequently or fluidly into what we would classify as spot market.  Longer-term our estimate had always been that we were roughly 50/50 in terms of a mix of freight and that during that four-year period of time up until a year ago that we were trending higher than that – maybe 60/40 or 70/30; and that this year it’s probably trending somewhere back closer to a more balanced view. But again that all depends upon your definition and categorization of what’s contracted or what’s committed versus what is a true spot market opportunity.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. Next question again for you related to Intermodal: does the extremely tight driver situation make you more or less interested in increasing your Intermodal presence? Intermodal has obviously had some real challenges with the rail service issues so how is this impacting your business and your thoughts on becoming a more active player in this space? Are you more interested in acquiring an existing player to quickly establish an existing presence or leaning more towards building it on your own?
John Wiehoff: I would say that in general over the last three or four years with the changes that have gone on in both the truckload and rail industry, that our appetite for Intermodal is probably greater than it was even three or four years ago. It has always been an important part of our portfolio but particularly in those longer length of hauls and increasing fuel prices and other things like that from just a long-term strategy standpoint, Intermodal is as important as it’s ever been – maybe slightly more important than versus several years ago. You know, the current environment around railroad service issues and some of the pain that comes with the lessened efficiency of assets that you owned and the way that you can serve your customers in this environment points out some of the risk of the business model that it takes to be larger and drive scale advantages in Intermodal. So from the standpoint of building it ourselves we feel like we have done a nice job of improving our operations and becoming more efficient and serving our customers. Growth has been the more challenging part because every time you grow your network you have to either invest in some more boxes or look at how you’re going to do things differently to try to drive that growth. So I would say we’re mixed or neutral as to whether organic growth or acquisition is the right path to go. We’ve been wrestling with that for a while and it just kind of comes down to perpetually looking at the opportunities that exist and trying to make a decision on which path forward will help us grow better.
Tim Gagnon: One more for you here, John, on LTL: one of the larger LTL carriers talked about increasing 3PL blanket rates in a similar fashion to the general rate increases. What type of an impact on net revenue margin would this have on your business?
John Wiehoff: So almost all of the larger LTL carriers that we deal with we do have what’s called a general rate tariff or a general pricing for customers of all different sorts and classes. And as I mentioned earlier when those LTL providers do do general rate increases they apply to general rate tariffs or 3PL blanket rates – I guess the way the question was phrased would apply to us as well, too. So that’s very similar to any other Transportation offering that we have. When our cost of hire goes up that impact on us is that if we do nothing we have some margin compression. If we’re able to pass that along to our customer we can keep our margin stable by passing that through in the marketplace.  Because a lot of our larger LTL customers do have customer-specific pricing with some of the LTL carriers it’s a little bit easier on the LTL side that I mentioned earlier to make sure that rates adjust simultaneously or at least close to each other, so there’s probably just a little bit less volatility in our LTL margin fluctuations at least for some of those larger accounts.  But it happens in greater volume versus a single truckload shipment at a time, but basically it works like those other modes where when we get those price increases we have to react to them and see if that causes any changes to our routing or how we might service that account; or if it’s an increase that we have to consider trying to pass along to the customer and if so, can we do that.
Tim Gagnon: The next question is for Chad: overall gross operating margins are holding at 38% level from CH standalone in the 40%s. As you noted there would be more pressure with a more people-intensive business. Would you expect these levels to hold or could they accrete as you gain synergies?
Chad Lindbloom: Right, just some background on that. We talked a lot about when we acquired Phoenix, Phoenix’s operating income to net revenue was kind of at the industry gold standard or benchmark of 30% operating income to net revenue. In round numbers, that’s 10% lower than Robinson prior to Phoenix operating income to net revenue. Phoenix was about 10% the size of Robinson so that’s 1% dilution right there, and there’s also about a 1% dilution from the increased amortization expense for deal-related intangibles that came with the Phoenix acquisition. So that reconciles from 40% to 38%. I do believe that in most operating environments this 38% is attainable to continue to generate. And if I refer again back to our investor presentation at our Investor Day last November, if you look at our expected growth rates for net revenue and operating income they are the same. So there is definitely increased competition.  Our net revenue margins going forward will also impact that operating income to net revenue, but generally going forward we expect the two to grow together. However, we are managing for efficiency every day and looking for ways to improve that metric.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, Chad. Next question is for John related to competition: can you discuss the current competitive environment in the truck brokerage market and are you concerned about other participants being able to do the same business for a significantly smaller margin going forward?
John Wiehoff: One of the longer-term changes that we’ve talked about over the last several years is the recognition that the space has become more competitive. There’s specific examples of new competitors that exist today that didn’t exist five years ago and the challenge for us is to manage that incremental competition with what we also believe is increased opportunity with shippers and a greater acceptance to the 3PL and brokerage market that exists out there.  So it is more competitive. It will remain more competitive. We do believe that some of those newer competitors have been very aggressive about going after market share with less focus on profitability and willing to accept less margin than we have been able to earn historically. Obviously they may be able to do that for a shorter period of time or I don’t know how sustainable it will be.  We also believe that we have some pretty meaningful competitive advantages with our scale and our technology and some things that we can continue to leverage. But it does put pressure on us to stay that industry leader and to continue to invest and be smart about what we do and make sure that we’re pricing competitively with our customers to make sure that we continue to grow with them, too. So yes, it’s a concern. It’s been around for a couple of years now and I think we’re reacting to it, and hopefully it’ll be something that we can manage successfully going forward.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. Next question for Chad around the tax rate: why did you state that the lower tax rate year-over-year helped EPS by $0.03? The difference between 36.6% and last year’s 38.0% was approximately $2.8 million and divided into the shares it seems like $0.02 and not $0.03.
Chad Lindbloom: Okay. Last year’s 38% was slightly lower than our overall expected tax rate so you’re comparing it to what was a lower base. The way that we calculated the $0.03 is the actual tax benefits that we believe were unusual were $5 million. That divided by our share count is $0.03.
Tim Gagnon: Okay, thanks Chad. Next question for John: how do you balance use of cash and paying down debt versus buying back stock? Given the change in the market demand would you consider further acquisition candidates or not at this time?
John Wiehoff: We are very much open to looking at acquisitions at this point in time. We are actively looking. As I said before we believe that we’re appropriate in having a more selective approach, to make sure that we do the right sort of deals at the right price and make sure that we grow our business in the long-term stable way. In terms of what do we do with our cash, we added that capital management strategy slide to the deck just to sort of reemphasize that our capital management philosophy has been to essentially through dividends and share repurchases distribute whatever we generate every year regardless of or above and beyond any acquisitions that we do.  Because of the fact that if you go back five years on that slide we had accumulated some cash that what you see beyond our ongoing annual distribution plan is the fact that we did distribute some of that excess cash. And then last year through our ASR transaction we swung to somewhere around 1x turn of debt that we added to the balance sheet.  So the way we’re managing things today is assuming that level of debt that we’re carrying will remain rather stable and just going on with our normal policy that Chad articulated about the 90% current year earnings distribution target, we would consider changing that leverage ratio and that amount of debt for the right type of acquisition that comes along. And we are actively looking for something like that at this point in time.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. Next question is for Chad: depreciation expense declined sequentially. How should we be thinking about this? Is this a trend you expect to continue in Q4?
Chad Lindbloom: Okay, that question is the combination of depreciation and amortization I believe, and the sequential decline has to do with some acquisition-related intangibles that were acquired and being amortized. Those acquisitions happened between five and seven years ago and the amortization expense for certain intangible assets did end. So yes, that lower amount will continue. In addition there is another acquisition-related intangible from five years ago that ended during the quarter, and that will reduce next quarter by about $200,000. Those are just the impacts of those specific acquisition amortizations. Obviously depreciation amortization will fluctuate as we acquire and add new assets and retire old assets.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, Chad. And the last question here is for John related to Sourcing: when do you expect the year-over-year negative impacts of your large customer in Sourcing to abate?
John Wiehoff: I might have mentioned this earlier but we do know and anticipate that in Q4 of this year, that we will have some continuing comparison challenges for that business cycling out. From what we know of today we hope to have a fresh start into 2015 and be able to return to more normal growth activity. We win and lose every day so hopefully that’ll be the case when we come into 2015 but we know for sure that there’s at least one more quarter of some comparison challenges.
Tim Gagnon: Okay, thanks John and Chad. That takes us to the end of the hour here and we’re out of time. Unfortunately we weren’t able to get to all of the questions today and we really appreciate the submissions that were made.  Thank you for participating in our Q3 2014 Conference Call. The call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the C.H. Robinson website at www.chrobinson.com. It will also be available by dialing 888-203-1112 and entering the passcode 8557362. The replay will be available at approximately 7:00 PM Eastern Time this evening. If you have additional questions please call me, Tim Gagnon at 952-683-5007 or contact me by email at tim.gagnon@chrobinson.com. Thank you again, have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude today’s conference.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tim Gagnon - Director of Investor Relations and Analytics John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Chad M. Lindbloom - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Second Quarter 2014 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Tim Gagnon will facilitate a review of previously submitted questions. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, July 30, 2014. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Gagnon, Director of Investor Relations.
Tim Gagnon: Thank you, and good morning, everybody. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, Chief Executive Officer; and Chad Lindbloom, Chief Financial Officer. John and Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our second quarter, and we'll follow that with a response to pre-submitted questions we received after our earnings release yesterday. Please note there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate our discussion. The slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is located at chrobinson.com. John and Chad will be referring to these slides in their prepared comments. I'd like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. With that, I'll turn it over to John to begin his prepared comments on Slide 3 with a review of our second quarter 2014 results.
John P. Wiehoff: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everybody. Referencing those second quarter results on Page 3, as Tim mentioned, a quick review of our key financial metrics for the quarter. Our total revenues grew 6.5% in the second quarter compared to the previous year. Net revenues grew 10.2% compared to 2013. Income from operations were up 9.8% and net income increased 6%. At the EPS line item, our results were $0.80 earnings per share compared to $0.70 in the prior year, which represents a 14% increase. When you look at our overall results for the quarter, with the higher growth rate in EPS and additional interest expense that came from the capital structure, share repurchase transaction that we described a year ago, you see some of those results impacting our results in the second quarter. In terms of overall reaction to our second quarter results, we were pleased with them. 2014 started out with some pretty challenging weather and an environment that was difficult to execute. But as the year has progressed and getting through the mid-point here, we do feel like we're executing with the goals that we set out for at the beginning of the year, which was really to adapt to those changing market conditions and some significant price adjustments that are occurring. Also, to leverage our existing network and investments that we've made over the last couple of years, both organically and our surface transportation, as well as the investments in acquisitions and global forwarding. So it was a clean quarter representing entirely organic growth. Not a lot of unusual or different items. And I guess our sense, overall, we're proud of our company, we're proud of the execution, and we think the results were pretty good for Q2. Because it's a more straightforward cleaner quarter, we're going to go through the deck a little bit quicker than we have the past couple of quarters and get to some of the Q&A that we think is more helpful during this period. Moving on then to Slide 4, with our overall transportation results. Transportation total revenues increased 7.8% for the quarter and net revenues were up 12.2%. On this page, we look at our overall transportation net revenue margin, which improved to 15.9% and represents a 60 basis point improvement from the first quarter of this year, as well as a 60 basis point improvement from the second quarter of 2013. As we've talked in past periods, there's a lot going on, on this schedule in terms of the historical information that we provide. This represents the aggregate net revenue margin for all of our different transportation services, so there are mixed issues, as well as seasonal and secular changes that impact all of them. But we do believe that it's helpful to look at our business from a long-term perspective and look at these aggregate margins to understand what's happening in the entirety of how we're managing our customers' transportation services. From there though, I will move on and talk a little bit more specifically about the individual transportation modes that make that up. So moving to Slide 5 with our truckload results for Q2 of 2014. Truckload net revenues increased 15.6% in the second quarter with volume increasing 4%. North America truckload volume grew approximately 3%. The net revenue margins in truckload did increase from last year in the second quarter, and it was largely a result of a change in the mix of our business with more shorter length haul freight and an improved pricing environment that's summarized in the upper right hand on the slide that shows that our approximate pricing per mile to customers increased 10%, while our approximate cost of hire per mile for the quarter increased around 9%. In terms of the overall truckload capacity in the quarter, I guess, our aggregate summation is that during the second quarter of 2014, when we look at our route guide depth and other metrics that we would focus on to understand the tightness of capacity and the overall market conditions in truckload, we did have -- we do believe that the truckload market was tighter in the second quarter of 2014 compared to a year ago, but not quite as tight or difficult to find capacity as it was in the first quarter of 2014. So a little bit of sequential easing in the tightness of the truckload market, but still higher than a year ago in a fairly tight market condition. Moving on to Slide 6 with our LTL results for Q2 of 2014. Net revenues increased 11% in the quarter, while volumes increased approximately 8%. That growth represents a mixture of growth from both existing accounts and new customers during the quarter. Also, when we look at the metrics around our LTL business, we did experience a growth in the size of our shipments. The average size shipment in our LTL business, as well as a small increase in the length of haul for our LTL shipments. Both of those do help with our net revenue margins. Another information point that we wanted to report to you is that in our carrier discussions and business reviews and pricing discussions, that there was more data points this quarter around cost issues, driver shortages and capacity availability in the LTL market than we've seen over the quarters. As everybody knows, those capacity shortages and driver challenges have been very prevalent in the truckload side for the last couple of years, so we did not intend to call this out as being different or abnormal from that, but just recognizing that the resource shortages, the driver shortages, we feel more impact in our LTL business around that today than we have in the past. And it's very consistent with the truckload portion. Moving then to Slide 7 in our intermodal results. Intermodal net revenue for the quarter increased 9.5%. Volume was up approximately 1%. As we've talked many times in the past, our intermodal business is much more integrated into our truck offering, so that we see freight that moves back and forth between truck and rail, depending upon market conditions and pricing. Others have talked and the industry has talked about some of the service issues that were weather and otherwise provoked in the different rail services, so we did see some activity moving more towards truckload service preferences, which did, we believe, impact our volume growth for intermodal in the quarter. The net revenue growth of 9.5% on 1% volume really, similar to our other transportation services, is largely a result of a better load selection and better pricing and lane management in our intermodal operations. Moving then to Slide 8, our global forwarding, international, air, ocean and customs brokerage results for the second quarter. Ocean net revenues were up 2.8% in the quarter. Air increased 7.6% and customs brokerage services were up 5.6%. If you put them all together in our global forwarding business, it represented a 4.4% increase in the net revenues over the second quarter of 2013. If you look at the volume, pricing, margin metrics that are laid out on the bottom of Slide 8, it really shows consistency between the first and second quarter with regards to our activity around volume and pricing. We're on the ocean side of it. We continue to see price increases, but margin compression due to excess supply in the marketplace. On the air side, as has been well publicized, again, continued challenges from an overall pricing standpoint compared to a year ago. Our net revenue margin improvement was largely driven by better operations, better execution on consolidation and some of the operational issues that drive air margins. We did call out on that slide that there's a significant uncertainty in our global forwarding business around the West Coast. Labor negotiations, that's obviously very important to us, given our significant presence in the trans-Pacific eastbound. Our business is continuing to function as normal, but just with the uncertainty, that's an area of our business where we're staying very close to and making sure that we're ready to react given anything else unusual occurring. I'd say the overall message on global forwarding is very similar to what we've said the last couple of quarters, that our integration has run its course. We've got some lingering things to kind of work on, but a couple of years into putting 2 pretty meaningful global forwarding businesses together. We continue to be very proud of the fact that every single quarter, we've had an increase in the net revenue and that our integration plan is working. And that we're growing our global forwarding business in accordance with the plan that we set out when we made the Phoenix acquisition. We are continuing to focus our efforts more increasingly on cross-selling and trying to ramp-up that growth rate, but the most important thing in the first couple of years was to create a stable foundation and a durable long-term global forwarding business that we feel very good about what we've created. Moving then to Slide 9, on our other logistic services. This net revenue represents the combination of both our transportation management services, as well as our various other logistics revenues. For the second quarter of 2014, the management -- transportation management services net revenue increased, again, but that was offset by declines in some of the miscellaneous logistics services categories. Moving to Slide 10 in our Sourcing results for Q2. Our Sourcing net revenues decreased 10% in the first quarter of 2014. Overall, in terms of our Sourcing results, I think the message is consistent with what we've talked about the last couple of quarters that we continue to experience some business that's transitioned away from us, primarily with one significant customer. In addition to that, there are some pretty significant West Coast drought conditions that are impacting the level of planting and crop availability that are impacting the business. The other callout that we have on this slide is that many of you may have seen press releases or heard during the second quarter of 2014 that we did launch a pretty significant rebranding effort in our produce business, under the Robinson Fresh label. Over the decades, as we've operated under different commodities, we've had a variety of different brands that we go to market with, and while some of those will stay in place, this was a meaningful effort to really sort of highlight and emphasize our expertise in fresh produce and put an umbrella brand over the top of it to really try to integrate better and do all of our commodities in a more coordinated way. So that was a significant effort during the quarter that we thought went well, and if you see or hear initiatives around it, it's really not so much a change in strategy of our business model, but really a marketing and branding effort around how we're going to market and clarifying the offerings and expertise that we have in produce. With that, I will turn it over to Chad for some comments on our income statement.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Thanks, John. As John mentioned, I will begin my comments on Slide 11 with our summarized income statement for the second quarter. As John mentioned earlier, our total net revenues grew 10%. Personnel expenses increased 16% in the second quarter compared to the second quarter of 2013. Our bonus, restricted stock and under performance-based compensation expenses drove 10% growth in total personnel expense, and the remainder was due primarily to a 4% increase in average heads compared to last year's second quarter. Although we have kept headcount relatively flat with -- beyond the 2013, we are growing, as I mentioned, over the second quarter of 2013. SG&A expenses decreased 2.9% in Q2, primarily the -- which is primarily the result of $5 million contingent auto liability claim that was in last year's second quarter. Excluding this item, SG&A expenses would have increased 3%. The biggest increase in SG&A was our provision for doubtful accounts. This increased expense was primarily the result of the growth of our total receivable portfolio and a slight deterioration of our aging. We do feel good about the overall quality of our receivables in our current reserve level. Total operating expenses increased 10.5%, which is a blend of those 2 above, and income from operations increased 9.8%. Our operating income, as a percent of net revenue, decreased slightly in the quarter compared to last year's second quarter to 38.5% from 38.6%. As a reminder, we talked about last year the impacts of the Phoenix acquisition. Just slightly over -- just folding in a lower operating margin business impacts our income from operations of about 1%, and the amortization that came with the acquisition is about another 1% impact to our income from operations. Moving on to Slide 13 -- or Slide 12, I'm sorry, the other financial information slide. We had a strong cash flow quarter with income -- or cash flow from operations approximating net income, which is an internal benchmark we use. CapEx was relatively low for the quarter, partially due to timing. We still expect our total CapEx for the year to be around $40 million. Our balance sheet and capital structure remains relatively consistent with previous quarters, and our total debt balance was $900 million, with $400 million drawn on our revolver. During the quarter, we returned a total of approximately $104 million of cash to our shareholders through our ongoing dividend and $51 million worth of share repurchase activity. We repurchased 844,900 shares at an average price of $60.83. With that, I'll turn it back to John to talk about on outlook.
John P. Wiehoff: So on Slide 13, the bullet points are regarding a look ahead, the comments that we would like to share about our forward thinking before we turn it over to the Q&A. The first one, really, over the last 2 or 3 years, when we've interacted with shareholders and analysts, probably the most common topical themes have been trying to understand the cyclical versus secular forces that are impacting our business and how they're changing. I think we've pretty consistently answered that question that there are both types of impacts that are impacting our business. And I think one of the things that we felt in this quarter was that, more so than in a long time, it was very evident that both of those were there. If you look at the fluctuations in our results and the fluctuation in our margins, we've talked a lot in the past about supply and demand and how those margins will fluctuate, have fluctuated, and that we would expect that to continue into the future. If you look at our results, particularly in the truckload arena, there are some very meaningful cyclical fluctuations around capacity, availability and pricing that have been consistent in our business for many decades, and we expect that to continue going forward. At the same time, we've been very open and many of you have observed and agree that it is a different industry today than it was 5 years ago or any time in the past. The competition is alive and well. Technology is making a bigger impact. Maybe as we've said in the past, most importantly, I think shippers' attitudes towards supply chain and the balance around growth efficiency is maybe a little bit different today than it has been at any point in the past. And it's clearly a more global setting and focus than we've had before, too. So when we look at our business and try to understand our results, I think that's, maybe first and foremost, the reality that we realized we're in a different world today and that we have to manage differently and that there are some forces that will continue to be challenged by, and at the same time, there is a very traditional cyclical element to our business. Our second point. What we'd like to do is share the factual information that we have, given the difficulties of predicting or guiding that we've talked about so often in the past. What we do know, the most information is about our North America truckload business and end of July, our net revenue growth rate has been similar to the second quarter. And that just really continues to be driven primarily by margin improvement with more minimal volume growth in July. The third bullet point around -- I already touched a little bit around continuing to focus on both growth and efficiency. As we get into the Q&A, and we've discussed before, that's terminology that we've been using for more than a decade to talk about and discuss strategically around how we try to grow the business and go after market share gains and expand our services, but that we're constantly balancing that with our efficiency, productivity and profitability. That's very important to creating the shareholder value as well too. We feel like our culture is pretty good and pretty balanced around those 2 topics. They've both been part of our core, part of our culture and part of our strategy for many decades. And we will continue to do that with evaluating the market environment for each of our services, making coaching decisions to our network around pricing and what the environment feels like in terms of opportunities to go after share versus profitability. Continue to operate in a heavily decentralized environment where our account managers use that guidance and that data, but have a lot of autonomy to do what's right for their customer to serve them and adapt to the local market in a way that's appropriate. Lastly, just reemphasizing again, when we look at what's going on in Robinson, separate from our Q2 results, we laid out a long-term growth strategy in our Investor Day last fall, where we talked about our revised growth plans and the things that we were investing in. And one message we wanted to convey is that we continue to feel that, that's an accurate assessment of a reasonable goal for the future. And what we talked about a lot in that is the investments that we're making in the areas of technology with our Navisphere platform, how important that becomes to our service offering and how significant the investments are that we're making to continue to keep that a competitive advantage in the services that we offer. Global expansion with the investment in Phoenix and the investment in European truckload services, we continue to push heavily to invest in a more global platform. Those are decisions that we feel very good about. The return on those investments will continue to come more into the future as there's been a lot of investment and cost associated in the past with them. But globalizing the business is something that we take very important and expanding our network and our footprint around the globe is an important part of our long-term strategy. Last and not least, this is a people business, and we are spending and investing as heavily as ever around our workforce and our talent development with -- investing in training and making sure that our account management and our people are being educated and supported with resources and the go-to-market initiatives as effectively as we can to do that. So those are probably 3 areas of the areas that we talked a lot about in the past, but just want to highlight them again, that we continued to make what we believe are very meaningful investments in each of those areas to position ourselves for continued success in the future. Those are our prepared comments on the quarter. With that, I'll turn it back to Tim to facilitate the prepared Q&A for the quarter that was submitted.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. And as I get into the questions here and John and Chad will provide answers, I'd first like to thank the many analysts, investors for taking the time to submit questions. We really appreciate a lot of good questions. We'll get right into that now. The first question is for John. And the question reads, how realistic is it to experience 10-plus percent net revenue growth and not have to add significant costs? How are you managing that balance right now?
John P. Wiehoff: This question goes back in our lens to the balance between growth and efficiency. We talked about, at the beginning of the year, that for several years in a row, we had invested in our North American surface network at a rate of headcount that exceeded our volume growth for probably a 3-year period of time, as we were pretty aggressively going after share in a very balanced market condition. We also talked about in our global forwarding business that when we did our integration strategy and put the 2 businesses together, that our strategy was to retain all people from both organizations, knowing that there were opportunities to grow into that bigger infrastructure. And hopefully, leverage the productivity opportunities in the future after the acquisition. And lastly, with the known transition away of some of the Sourcing business that we felt the resources that we had in place there would be adequate to reassign and to grow that Sourcing business. So when we think about the cyclical evolution and all the changes in our business coming into 2014, we believe that we could leverage our network, continue to go after some of the process improvements and synergies to work together, and really try to harvest some return on those past investments that we made. Our long-term growth strategy has not changed that we do believe that attracting and training and developing talent is one of the most important core competencies that we have. And our longer-term strategy and plan that we laid out last year would have us growing our headcount much more proportionate to our net revenues in the long term. So the results that we had in the second quarter were very much in line with what we were targeting and hoping for at the beginning of the year. That reflects much more of a 2014 strategy and approach to the current market condition and our past investment activity. Coming into 2015 and going forward, we would expect to continue to go after those productivity initiatives and leveraging our network, but that headcount increases would likely correlate much more to our longer-term net revenue expectations.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. Second question is for Chad. Truckload net revenue was up almost 16%. The rest of each of the company's divisions, net revenue grew slower than that rate causing overall company net revenue to be up 10%. Why would personnel expense for the whole company be up 16% if the largest category of net revenue or 16% -- 60% of the company was up the most at just shy of 16%? Even with 4% headcount growth, the remaining 12%, driven by variable compensation exceeds the total company net revenue growth? I would have thought there would have been a higher operating contribution margin on these incremental net revenues.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Thanks, Tim. As I mentioned in my remarks, our average headcount in the second quarter was up 4% compared to last year's second quarter. Our incentive compensation drove an increase of 10% to total compensation expense during the quarter, with the balance made up of salaries and other increases, the 2%. Last year, we discussed that many of our growth-based bonus and equity programs had 0 expense, due to the lack of earnings growth. We mentioned during that time that once earnings started to grow again, these plans could cause our personnel expense to grow faster than our net revenues, but stated that would be a good problem to have. That is indeed happening. Our compensation programs and practices have stayed consistent. Our earnings are growing, and we have experienced personnel expenses growing faster than net revenues. We still feel good about the overall variability of our cost structure. We expect fluctuations to continue and our cost as a percentage in net revenue. As we discussed earlier during the call, we are constantly managing to balance growth and efficiency initiatives.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. Thanks, Chad. The next question is about competition and it reads, some competitors seem to be branching out into other services beyond just freight brokerage. Do you feel the need to add any additional services as you look strategically into the future to complement your already strong service offering?
John P. Wiehoff: We do believe that one of the most important strategic decisions that any transportation company, especially a third party one like us, makes is around what the scope of services will be. And it is clear that, especially over the last decade, that as shippers have looked at more of an integrated supply chain and an integrated transportation service, that having the wherewithal and perspective on the various options in the marketplace is an important component of how you go to market. So yes, we do feel some marketplace pressure and opportunity to continue to look at the scope of services and to make sure that we have a broad offering and can interface with our customer in a way that makes sense to them. When you think about the universe of third-party logistics or logistics and supply chain opportunities, if you -- where I like to think of Robinson being on that continuum is that we do focus, and have focused, very heavily on broadening our transportation service offerings. The investments in less-than-truckload and intermodal and freight forwarding and European transportation. And in addition to that, when we go beyond transportation, a lot of our emphasis has been on transportation management services and the technology associated with that kind of bundled transportation offering. So from our standpoint, the way we've been responding to that competitive landscape is by expanding our services and focusing on a more global offering, focusing in on the various modes of transportation that we see as highly interchangeable with each other around consolidations and routing and mode selection and all the rest of that, and all of the different consultative and technology services that would come with that. Obviously, there's a lot of things around procurement and inventory that you can go even broader within the supply chain that we continue to look for opportunities or see what makes sense there. But I think it is important, too, to, at least from our point of view, that probably the most important thing is in that menu of services and scope of offering that you go to the marketplace with, that you do have the ability to actually integrate them and to perform the execution and operations in a world-class manner. Just having a broader menu of services doesn't do much for you. I think you have to be competitive with each of them and really know how they work together in order to be effective with them. So that's probably how we would sum up our strategy around the competitive landscape and the scope of services, and how we continue to look at what makes sense for us in our go-to market and how we think we can best compete.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. Next question is for Chad. How much additional expense is being incurred related to bonus accrual on a year-over-year basis and versus 1Q '14?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Thanks, Tim. I think I'm going to broaden the question slightly to talk about our incentive compensation, which we include our bonuses, commissions, performance-based equity and profit-sharing expenses in our definition of variable or incentive compensation. As I mentioned in the last question I answered and in my prepared remarks, the increases in these expenses drove a 10% increase in overall personnel expense or approximately $21 million of additional expense in the second quarter of 2014 compared to the second quarter of 2013.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. Thanks, Chad. The next question for John, again, around competition. Can you discuss the current competitive environment in the truck brokerage market? And are you concerned about other participants being willing to do the same business for a significantly smaller margin going forward?
John P. Wiehoff: So we've discussed in the past that the market, by our perspective, is more competitive today versus 10 years ago, not necessarily in the number of competitors because there always has been 10,000-plus brokerage licenses and third-party competitors. The real difference being that there's many more substantial companies today and many more companies that are aggressively going after share and scale to try to compete in the truck brokerage section. So it is a more competitive market. That's part of how things are changing in our industry. With regards to kind of our perspective or concerns around margins, I think, really, what that sort of speaks to is pricing strategies. I think there's probably a couple of subsets to it. One is to the extent that some competitors appear or seem to be taking the strategy of trying to buy market share or take less margin in order to get scale. That's certainly one element that we have to pay attention to around is that sustainable or what is the right kind of pricing opportunity there. The other thing that I -- that we focus on a lot and the industry has, too, really, is around the pricing sophistication and segmentation. Those contractual customers and the pricing that's appropriate with it versus how the market might be moving and all the discussions we've had over the last couple of quarters around when the market moves significantly like it has, how and when is it appropriate to renegotiate your annual contracts and how do you adapt to a transactional market and balance both of those components. So in this increasing competitive market, I think it really kind of comes down to segmentation strategies and pricing strategies and making certain that we feel good and confident about our returns, our pricing disciplines and our long-term returns on the business that we're going after. And we do spend more time observing and analyzing competitor behavior around pricing to make certain that we're doing the right thing for our shareholders.
Tim Gagnon: Thank you, John. The next question for Chad. Can you give us a sense for what the net revenue trend looked like throughout the months of the second quarter, and how you would expect it to play out in the third quarter? Did it pick up or lose momentum as we progress throughout the quarter? How should we think about this against the backdrop of minimal volume growth in July? What's behind that?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Sure. On a per business day basis, our consolidated net revenue growth was stronger in May and June than it was during April. That same trend was true for our North American truckload business. Our North America truckload net revenue margins expanded at an increasing rate as the quarter progressed. That comparison is based on comparing each month of the quarter to 2013 months. Sequentially, month-to-month, our net revenue margins did not expand during the second quarter of 2014 as it is normal for June to have the lowest net revenue margin of any other month during the second quarter due to seasonality. On a per business day basis, our volume growth was slightly lower in June than the quarter as a whole. That trend has continued into July. We are continuing to be selective with the transactional opportunities that we commit to in repricing our contractual business based on current market conditions. As we have mentioned in the past, every time we adjust pricing upward, we risk losing the business. While we have continued to grow volumes with new opportunities and expanded our relationships with many customers, we have lost some business through our pricing disciplines. Overall, we feel very confident that -- about these activities and feel that we're doing what's best for the long-term interest of the company and the shareholders.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, Chad. And the next question again for you, on negative loads. Can you give us a sense for how your negative loads have been trending relative to the first quarter and last year? You mentioned that they were elevated in the first quarter. Did you see an easing of that in the second quarter? Have you been successful renegotiating more contracts with customers to pass along your higher purchase transportation costs?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Sure. Part of that question is repetitive with the previous question, but I'll answer primarily about the negative loads now. We mentioned on our first quarter call that our negative loads, or loads where we lost money, were extremely high during the first quarter. During the second quarter, our loads -- loser loads fell sequentially, but were up slightly compared to last year's second quarter. In the second quarter of 2014, our loser loads returned to a range that we consider normal compared to other second quarters. Normally, June is the month that we have the greatest frequency of loser loads. June 2014 has the highest ratio of these loser loads compared to any other month, so far, in 2014. On a positive note though, June 2014 had a smaller ratio of loser loads compared to June of 2013. We believe that this is further evidenced that we are being appropriately disciplined in our pricing practices.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, Chad. Next question for John about the routing guide. Is the route guide still at elevated levels, despite being lower than first quarter, probably?
John P. Wiehoff: So this question really ties into the truckload capacity and the comments around the tightness in the marketplace. There's a variety of metrics that we would look at to reach the conclusion around how tight or how difficult it is to source capacity when we assess the marketplace. We look at a number of things and have conversations with carriers to understand that around pricing. Route guide metrics are one of the important metrics, which is for those customers that have automated processes for determining which carrier gets the shipment. In our vocabulary, the higher or elevated those route guides are our reflective of the fact that shippers had to more frequently go to multiple carriers to find capacity and get routed. So those route guide metrics did remain higher in the second quarter of this year compared to a year ago, but did ease some off of the first quarter where the weather was really probably causing some accentuated spikes in the difficulty of sourcing capacity. So the route guide metrics do support the conclusion that I stated earlier around it's still being a relatively tight truckload marketplace, but some easing compared to the first quarter.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. The next question again for you. In the past, you've talked about your long-term growth goal of growing volumes and gaining market share. CHRW has been focusing on margin improvement and efficiencies since late 2013. When do you plan to grow volumes market share again? And would you be willing to allow net revenue margin to move lower in order to grow share?
John P. Wiehoff: I started to talk about this a little bit earlier around that tug-of-war between growth and efficiency and how we have in the past, and will continue to, adjust to market conditions by balancing those 2 forces. Obviously, depending upon the marketplace and competition, we'll try to find the optimum balance of growing our business and accepting the right sort of margins that the market will give us around that. So the short answer to the question is yes, if we have to, we will tolerate some margin compression in order to get growth in our services. In the long-term strategy that we laid out in that investor deck and when we look back over the last 3 or 4 decades, the market share gains and the growth in the company are an incredibly important part of the foundation, and what we need to continue to do to succeed. So we will be aggressive going after those market share gains in the long term like we have in the past. Exactly when will we do that? I think that's an ongoing topic that we literally discuss weekly around here, around what's happening in the market condition, how are our productivity levels. While we talk on these calls about top-down guidance and direction around our thoughts for the year, that's certainly true and we do that. And our network supervisors will be working with each of our offices to figure out what makes sense around those decisions. But we do already have offices that are investing more aggressively in growth, depending upon what their opportunities are and how they're adapting. And I think as this year wears on and going into next year, you'll see more aggregate activity around that type of investment.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. The next question is for Chad. CHRW plans to increase the return of cash to shareholders via dividends and stock buybacks. Can you provide the framework you plan to use? What dividend payout ratio are you targeting? How much debt are you comfortable with, either measured by debt to EBITDA or debt to capitalization?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Sure. Our capital management philosophy is consistent with what we outlined at our Investor Day last November. We target returning about 90% of our annual net income to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. This is not a commitment to do that every year or every quarter, but is our overall philosophy. If we have other needs for capital generated by our earnings, like increases in working capital or acquisitions, the amount of cash returned to shareholders may be reduced from time to time. Our current targeted dividend payout ratio is 45%. We are managing the ongoing returns of capital to shareholders to maintain a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of approximately 1:1.5. For the right acquisition opportunity, we feel that it would be prudent to go to 2.5x EBITDA for total debt balance. We currently have covenants that limit our debt to capitalization to 0.65.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, Chad. The next question again for you. What was the amount of bad debt provisions in second quarter of '14 and second quarter of '13?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Our provision for doubtful accounts was $4.9 million in the second quarter of 2014 compared to $3.3 million in last year's second quarter. As I mentioned earlier, this increase was primarily due to the increase in the size of the receivable portfolio. The increase in the size of the receivable portfolio was driven primarily by our growth in gross revenues.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. Thanks, Chad. Next question for John on global forwarding strategy. Given the sluggish international air and ocean freight forwarding trends, how is Phoenix performing relative to expectations and their ability to attract new business? Where also do we stand on the integration?
John P. Wiehoff: When we looked at the Phoenix acquisition -- it's coming up on almost 2 years ago now that we closed that deal -- we had a lot of discussion about the industry and the excess capacity, margin compression, where would things go. In terms of our return on investment and valuation assumptions when we made that investment, we felt strongly about the cultural fit and the scale of opportunities and the longer-term synergies that would come from that. A couple of years into it, we are achieving our base case scenarios and we're happy with the return around the investment and we feel like our integration plan is on track, as I mentioned earlier, a couple of years into it. I think at acquisition time, and since then, we've also commented that really the upside and perhaps the most potent synergy around the acquisition would be the cross-selling opportunity and really the revenue synergies of stronger growth that, hopefully, can come from tapping into the domestic and international customer basis and exposing broader transportation services to them. As we talked on the last couple of calls, because of the integration strategy, we really didn't start to push that more aggressively until this year. And we do hope to continue that over the next several years. We've had some early successes, but not enough to really move the needle in terms of our overall net revenue growth rate. But I think our team feels very optimistic about the offering that we have and the go-to-market strategy and the account management practices to execute that in the future. So the overall reaction is we're on track with our integration. We are achieving the base case scenario of the valuation assumptions, and we feel very good about the investment. We did not quantify or attempt to value the revenue synergies and the longer-term real benefit that could come above and beyond that, and we're aggressively going after that today in what is difficult market conditions. So hopefully, at some point in the future, we'll be able to get a little bit more support and tailwind from the market conditions to help achieve that. But despite what we've seen in the last couple of years, we feel very good about the investment.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. Thanks John. The next question is for Chad. Excluding the auto settlement in second quarter of '13, your operating expenses were up 12.5% year-over-year, which is an acceleration versus the growth rate seen in the first quarter and below the 10.2% net revenue growth. Were there any onetime expenses in the quarter that inflated operating expenses? If not, would you expect operating expense growth to mirror net revenue growth for the remainder of the year?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Okay. We've already spent a lot of time -- that number combines both personnel expense and other SG&A. We've already spent a lot of time answering the personnel expense questions. So excluding the $5 million auto liability claim in the second quarter of 2013, our non-personnel SG&A expenses grew approximately 3%. Our provision for doubtful accounts was the biggest part of that increase, and we also mentioned in the earnings release that we have lower travel and entertainment expenses during the quarter compared to last year's second quarter. As far as what will the expenses do in the future, we believe that they will continue to fluctuate. But adjusting for just the onetime unusual item of last year that this year's second quarter, the comparison isn't directly comparable, but it is a good ongoing run rate and there is no unusual items in the second quarter of this year.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. Thanks, Chad. The next question again for you. On Page 5 of your deck, you mentioned changes in business mix. What more can you say about that?
Chad M. Lindbloom: That is our truckload slide. And the primary change in mix in our truckload business that is impacting the change in our price and cost per mile, which was what the bullet point was about, is that we are hauling more short-haul freight. The shorter the length of haul, the higher the rate is on a per mile basis. Similar to last quarter, our committed rates on long-haul van freight were up in the low- to mid-single digits. The 10% increase in our overall customer rates, excluding the estimate impacts of fuel, is driven by a combination of this increase in short-haul freight and a robust spot freight market. Our spot rates grew in the low-teens.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, Chad. And one more for you here. What should we expect for tax rate in share count for the remainder of the year? How -- has management's 2014 CapEx guidance changed?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Okay. Thanks, Tim. We expect our tax rate to fluctuate between 38.5% and 39%. Our share count in the future will depend on the amount of cash we generate and the share price. We will continue to follow the capital management practices that we outlined earlier in this call. We still believe that our CapEx, including capitalized and purchased software, will be around $40 million. Previously, we had guided to a range of $40 million to $45 million, but we feel we may be on the low side of that range for 2014.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, Chad. And the next question is for John related to M&A. With several large M&A deals recently in the domestic asset light logistic space, are you considering some larger scale acquisitions? It would seem to be better use of financial prowess than share repurchases.
John P. Wiehoff: With regards to our philosophy or attitude towards mergers and acquisitions, I think, when you look around our industry and other industries, you see some competitors that are focused entirely on organic growth and don't look at acquisitions. And you also see companies that are very aggressively acquiring or rolling off a lot of businesses in the space. For us and our culture, I think you can create value anywhere on that continuum. But what we have always believed in and continue to execute is that we want to be predominantly an organic-growth company that has very tight integrated offerings and very high customer service experience. So we are open to acquisitions of all size, always have been, and we'll continue to explore those. When we acquired Phoenix a couple of years ago, that was a pretty large effort for us. And we said at the time that we were going to focus very heavily on completely integrating that and really making it a seamless component of our offering. As I commented earlier, we're pretty much over with that. There's some clean up to do, but it probably falls more in the range of sort of ongoing things that we have for any of our different service offerings. So at this point, we do feel comfortable that in our exploration of the marketplace, if another opportunity comes along, really, of any size, we're definitely interested. We continue to have what we believe is a higher filter of strategic fit, cultural fit and valuation discipline that drives a more limited selection of the number of deals that we're going to do. But for us, at least on that continuum of choices of how to deploy our capital, we feel we have a good balance of where the right acquisition makes sense. It probably does have the highest ROI for us, but that we don't want to mess with our high service offering and our integrated service offering by doing too many. And so that, from a capital deployment standpoint, share repurchases have, by far, the lowest risk and they're quick and easy to execute. And we'll continue to do those to make sure that we're fair with our capital structure along the way.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. The next question is again for you, on the intermodal strategy. Is intermodal a priority when you think about acquisitions outside of adding more containers or buying an established player? How do you think about increasing your presence in the intermodal market, given its pretty favorable secular growth characteristics?
John P. Wiehoff: Intermodal is a priority for many of the reasons that I articulated earlier around integrated transportation offerings and really thinking about the scope of what we go to market with. We are a top 5 intermodal provider with all of the railroads in North America, and do feel good about the presence that we have today. We also know that we don't have the same density and scale as some of the largest competitors so that there is an opportunity to continue to improve there. Absent a significant investment or a merger and acquisition opportunity, the core challenge kind of comes down to the account management disciplines with our customers and with the railroads to make sure that we stay relevant and a part of their go-to-market strategy around the freight that they want to go after. So it's really about either using pooled equipment or our own equipment to make sure that we're going after growth opportunities that our rail partners would support. It includes getting better and more dense range [ph] offerings, which are a huge part of the competitive landscape. And maybe most importantly, just making certain that we're interfacing with our customers and exposing intermodal services and intermodal opportunities, where it's most appropriate, to their book of business to make sure that we stay relevant in that and continue to grow. So there are a lot of things that we've done in the past that are under our control that we can continue to do to invest and grow our intermodal business. And our attitude is that it is a priority and that we will make whatever investments we need to in order to grow that service and make sure that it stays an important part of our integrated transportation offering.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. The next question again for you, on sourcing. When can we expect to lap the dedicated customer loss in your sourcing business and see that segment return to growth?
John P. Wiehoff: I think we've talked about in the past that in all of our larger customer relationships, there are multiple commodities or categories and the transition of the business that's going away began in the last half of 2013. So it will be the last half of 2014 where we'll see the cycle through of the lost business. In our sourcing business, we've also talked about the drought conditions and some of the other challenges that we've had just because of difficulties in the produce industry that without that lost customer business, that the remainder of our produce business is down slightly the last couple of quarters. So the lost business will cycle through, and we would return to more longer-term growth expectations with sort of that overarching caveat that there are some pretty material weather issues going on. And that, hopefully, those will stabilize and provide a rebound opportunity or some greater growth options going for us. But just from a pure analytical standpoint, the lost business that we know about for sure will cycle out in the second half of 2014. And 2015 would, hopefully, be a year that we go into with more typical long-term growth expectations.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. Thanks, John. The next question is again for you. How is business in Canada, Mexico and Europe shaping up? Are your expectations being met in these foreign countries?
John P. Wiehoff: So from the standpoint of our North America surface transportation network, we don't talk a lot about calling out Canada and Mexico because they are an integrated part of that network, but we are very proud of our presence in both of those countries. We have 6 or 7 offices in each of Canada and Mexico, and have grown them significantly over the last 5 to 7 years. I feel very good about our service capabilities and offerings there. And how it is tied into a North America service offering, including the border services that the trucks need access to when they cross. So Canada and Mexico are very much an important part of our growth strategy in an integrated North America surface offering, and we feel very good. We've been at it in both of those locations for more than 30 years and have a pretty strong presence there. With regards to Europe, that's been more of a 20-year investment cycle of the surface transportation and global forwarding businesses that we have over there. Because of the scale and opportunity in Europe, it's a different investment cycle that we're very committed to building out our network and taking market share in both the surface transportation opportunities and global forwarding. We feel very good about our strategic objectives and our presence in the marketplace, our brand, our people. A lot of the things that we're growing on. It has been more of a challenge from an earnings growth standpoint in Europe just because of the scale and the overhead that's required, and the fact that there hasn't been a great economic environment for the last 3 to 4 years to kind of grow into. But we feel very good about the long-term prospects of our investments in Europe as well. I mentioned the globalization of our business and how we're focusing in outside of the United States, Canada, Mexico and Europe, probably our 3 of our top priorities of how we believe we can continue to strengthen that global transportation platform and offering that will be a big part of our future.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. And this will be the last question. This is for Chad. Given the tight capacity, I would have thought truckload volumes might have been a little stronger. What might be constraining the additional volume growth, albeit GDP remains relatively sluggish?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Thanks, Tim. As we mentioned throughout the call today, we have been disciplined in our pricing practices for all freight and selective on transactional business that we commit to. We feel that we have grown many relationships, but called some freight from the portfolio through these disciplined pricing practices.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. Thanks Chad. And thank you, everybody, for participating in our Second Quarter 2014 Conference Call. We know that we couldn't get to all of your questions today. We tried to cover the recurring themes as much as possible. If you have additional questions for John, Chad, or I, please contact me via email or by phone at (952) 683-5007. The call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.chrobinson.com. It will also be available by dialing (888) 203-1112 and entering the passcode 5181255#. The replay will be available at approximately noon Eastern Time today. Thank you, everybody, for joining us this morning. Have a good day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tim Gagnon - Director of Investor Relations and Analytics John Wiehoff - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer Chad Lindbloom - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President
Analysts:
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson First Quarter 2014 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today's presentation, Tim Gagnon will facilitate a review of previously submitted questions. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, April 30, 2014. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Gagnon, the Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Gagnon: Thank you and good morning everyone. On our call this morning will be John Wiehoff, Chief Executive Officer; and Chad Lindbloom, Chief Financial Officer. John and Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our first quarter and will follow that with a response to pre-submitted questions we have received after our earnings release yesterday. Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate the discussion. The slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is located at chrobinson.com. John and Chad will be referring to these slides in their prepared comments. I'd like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. With that, I'll turn the call over to John to begin his prepared comments on Slide 3, with a review of our first quarter 2014 results.
John Wiehoff: Thank you, Tim, and thanks to everybody who is taking the time to listen to our first quarter call. A special thanks to all of those who pre-submitted questions. We over a hundred good questions and it really does help us prepare and modify our prepared comments to address many of them as possible, and as Tim said, we will have some specific Q&A follow-up to really make certain that our messages are clear. On that Side 3, with our overall Q1 results for 2014, I guess the introductory comments that I would like to make is for those of you who have been following our story, I think the first thing you probably recognize compared to last year is that our financial statements are much cleaner and we do not have necessary a pro forma financial information for this period. As you probably know, last year with the sale of T-Chek and the acquisition of Phoenix and Apreo, for the year we presented the pro forma information to try to be very transparent and show what we felt is the right standard to hold ourselves accountable to around the pro forma or comparable growth for the combined businesses that made explaining and understanding things a lot more complex last year and we don't have to deal with that this time around, so it's hopefully going to be a cleaner, simpler set of explanations in our numbers quarter-over-quarter should be comparable. Second topic I would like to address as I know that the word for the quarter is whether, and if you see the word whether our first bullet point as well too. Culturally in the past, we have tried to avoid talking about the weather and using that as the explanation for a lot of the variances and looking at our first quarter and really managing through it, it just became clear that it really did impact us in a lot of different ways. Unfortunately, based on our business model, it's not possible to quantify precisely what the impact of that weather was. We know it had some significant impacts, some challenges and then probably some rebound or opportunity from it, so as we talk through the various parts of it, we will try to do the best that we can to share what we believe the impact of weather was, but it's not possible for us to quantify or even really give a reasonable estimate of what the overall whether impact for the quarter was. Last point, I would like to make from an overall standpoint is that when we think about the amount of transition that happened in the marketplace during the quarter, particularly in the North America Truckload, our largest source of revenue. There is no doubt that this was the most significant amount of marketplace change and challenge that occurred in quite a period of time and I really do feel it's important to point out just how proud we are of our team and the value that we believe we added to the marketplace during the quarter. Our results haven't always been the best ever over the last couple of years because of some of the changes and challenges that we have had, but I really do believe that our team is as good as it's ever been and we were very proud about how we adapted to some very aggressive changes in the marketplace and when you think about the weather conditions in the market, there were many days and many periods of time where everybody involved is feeling the stress. You have the truckers and the capacity providers, frozen and a truck stops and not getting as many miles as they should be and not be able to achieve what they need to do. You have our people working as hard as ever and in many cases getting less rewards, because of the pressures and changes that are going on and you have got shippers who are trying to deal with price increases and absorb them in business models they were planning on them, so really it is hard on everybody when the market moves that aggressively and I think it just represents a period of time where our team can help and help our customers get through it help it after market conditions and we do feel very good about how we did that during the quarter. Those introductory comments on Page 3 for those Q1 results is just to make sure that I highlight those key metrics that we look at. Our total revenues grew 5% in the first quarter, with net revenue being essentially flat with last year. Income from operations was down 7% and net interest income decreased 9.8%. You see the earnings per share of $0.63 versus $0.64 a year ago. Obviously the earnings per share was held by the share repurchase activity and changing capital structure that Chad will touch a little bit more on later. Lastly, our bullet point on Slide 1, talks about results improving significantly in March, and during our year-end call I mentioned that we were seeing continued margin compression throughout January and elsewhere in our deck it talks about results improving into March, but that our first quarter overall remained impacted by the fact that our costs rose faster than our ability to pass those along in net revenue margin compression. We talked a lot about try to how to share the best visibility to the improvement during the quarter and typically for us net revenue is probably the best gauge of that, so we wanted to share that for the month of January and February, that from enterprise standpoint, we did have a mid single-digit decrease in our net revenues offset by a low double-digit increase in net revenues for the month of March that got us roughly flat for the quarter. As we have talked about in the past, whenever you look at monthly information there's probably other things that you should consider. For certain, the impact of the weather was probably more detrimental in January and February and probably some rebound in March. You can see shipping days that were less in activity when weather storms went through different areas, volumes got better in March, how much of that was a rebound of the weather, it's is impossible for us to tell in our network, but there was probably some of that impact. You've got timing of holidays, Chinese New Year and Easter moving around that can make an impact in our business as we have talked in the past. Monday is typically our bigger revenue days. There were five in the month of March, so there's a lot of things that you can adjust for that may not make those trends precisely accurate, but no matter how you adjust for the first quarter, there was significant improvement that that happened throughout the quarter and the month of March was much better and we want to make sure that we were clear about that. Moving to Page 4, summarized income statement, really just has a couple of additional data points to touch on. Breaking out some of the operating expenses with personnel being segregated here, so personnel expenses increasing 3.6% for the quarter. That resulted from an average headcount year-over-year of 6.1% offset by variable pay reductions. We have talked a lot in the past about our variable compensation models and how when we make investments of additional personnel costs that were accountable our teams are accountable for generating a return on that, so the variable incentives will be penalized by the additional costs that comes in until we get the return on that. We talked last year about adding headcount throughout the year and investing in our network. We talked last call and at the beginning of 2014, about leveraging our currently sources and trying to generate the return on the investment that we had made, so what you see sequentially is that our headcount was virtually flat during the quarter, so from the beginning of 2014 till the end of the first quarter, but year-over-year the average headcount was up about 6%. Additionally in the SG&A category the 7.5% increase, as the comments suggest, was driven largely by an increase in the bad debt provision. Chad will make some comments about that later, but aggregate results reflect our total operating expense increased to 4.5% and income from operations down 7%. The other metrics that we talk about a lot and really monitoring in our business is that operating income as a percent of net revenue what you see was 34.3% for the first quarter of 2014. Moving on then to Slide 5, and starting to get into our various service line comments, we start with on Page 5, the slide that aggregates all of our transportation results for the first quarter. Total revenues for transportation increased 7.7% for the quarter, with net revenues being of 1.6%. Net revenue margin for total transportation decreased 90 basis points for the quarter to 15.3%, which you the in the upper right-hand box of the lower chart at 15.3%. As I mentioned earlier that net revenue margin did compressed for the quarter compared to 2013, but improved throughout the quarter and was stable year-over-year in the month of March. When we look at the total transportation margin, there's obviously a lot going on at this level. There are mix issues and there are a lot of changes that can impact it, like we have talked about in the past. At one level, I think this is very helpful data, because it is really showing in aggregate what's happening with our total transportation services and many of our services are related to each other around air and ocean or truck and rail tradeoff and integrated management services, but on the other hand, it's very helpful to kind of get into the individual services to really understand what's happening with regards to volume and margin for each of those, so this is the enterprise transportation results in the margin compression that you see at that level. Moving then to our Truckload results on Slide 6, which is our largest source of revenue in the area of the business that has the most change, so I have the most prepared comments on this area of our deck to try to help you understand what happened during the quarter. First off, in terms of data points, the net revenue for Truckload increased 0.5% 0.5 for the quarter with volume increasing 4%, North America truckload volume growing at 3%. In the upper right-hand corner of the chart shows one of the key metrics that we often talk to, which is the average cost per mile and average price per mile for the quarter in our Truckload services and that is showing that our average pricing or average cost charge to the customer went up 10% for the quarter, average cost paid to the carrier went up 12% for the quarter. Those are some pretty important metrics and I wanted to walk you through some reminders and some additional data points around that information to try to help explain some of the questions that were submitted and to make sure that you understand what we do about our business. For starters, what I want to remind you of is that our business is decentralized and we have a decentralized network, we have decentralized account management and pricing practices. Those practices are supported more and more by corporate resources around benchmarking and automated tools and its more and more collaborative process. However those account management decisions are made uniquely and are made differently for each relationship that we have in the field. We do not have a standard or enterprise definition of a committed freight relationship or a standard committed contract. There's a lot of commonality across them. Most of our longer term customer contracts have an annual expectation. Most of them have a 30-day out by either party and most of our large top-500 customer relationships will have some element both, of awarded freight or promised freight as well as other freight which can be expected, it can be transactional and unexpected, it can be a whole bunch of different things, but I think it's important to remind yourself that during a period of rapid change like this we have a network that is acting very local in some respects, but is being controlled in other respects by some common processes across the top of them. When you look at our first quarter results and take more than a $2 billion of freight, what we try to do it the end of it is aggregate that data and slice and dice it and understand it better and share the metrics that we think are most relevant to understanding our business and help adjust our management processes and do what we need to do to run the business better. In the Truckload part of it, one advantage that we have is, there is a common denominator around rate per mile, which can be very helpful to look at and that's what we are disclosing here. You don't have that in LTL and other parts of the business, which is easy to do, so we share that because we think it's a pretty meaningful metric. However it can also be confusing in some other respects too or not send the right message, we want to make sure that you understand what the computations are and what the pieces for that, so first off, it is an average rate per mile that is charged to our customers, an average rate per mile that are paid to our carriers. When we start to analyze it, there are some really significant variances across the types of freight in terms of how those price increases or cost increases would apply. For instance, when we look at a sample of those larger accounts and those more committed or contracted rates, the typical rate charged to the customer increase is in the low to mid single digits, much more what you would typically see in the marketplace or expect based on some of the other companies that you're working with. When we looked across that database, you also see some very significant price increases from the transactional or spot market-type relationships that we have, some obviously much more significant than 10%. Even within a given relationship, as I mentioned earlier, most of our customers will have a combination of awarded and committed freight that we will be honoring at historic prices, generally for a year and there will be additional spot bid that many of them run or transactional opportunities that can occur as much different pricing, at much different margins, so it gets very complex in terms of categorizing and understanding exactly what's going on, but the 10% and 12% is relevant and does come across the entire database as the average charge to the customer and the average part paid to the customer. As I mentioned earlier, I want to repeat that in March and to-date in April, our net revenue margin has been flat, so while the 10% and 12% were the quarter numbers, it did level off in March, and year-to-date in April, for the Truckload portion of it. The actual price increases vary significantly. The other part that's important to understand which there is a bullet point that's addressing is how mix can impact the average rate per mile in this. The most important impact of mixed in the quarter really deals with short-haul freight. There has been a trend in the marketplace towards more short-haul freight and less longer haul freight. We saw in Q1 an even greater shift. We generally consider short-haul freight to be less than 500 miles. We are not completely certain why it's shifting greater for us than the rest of the market. We do have a focused emphasis on that in terms of adding value with outsourced customers and other things and there's a broad marketplace trend that would support that, but we do feel like our business mix is perhaps shifting a little bit more than the market toward short-haul freight. As those of you who follow the industry know, that short-haul freight can have a much higher rate per mile just based on the economics of short-haul freight, so when we are blending together again more than $2 billion worth of freight and we saw a significant increase in the short-haul piece of it, that mix issue can impact and did impact in Q1 those averages that were sharing with you. There could be other mix-type things around the cost of service expedited or refrigerated or other things, there wasn't a lot of variance that we could quantify or explain for Q1 with that, but mix can impact those average numbers. The last metric that we think is relevant to pull a lot of that analysis and share with you is around the negative loads as the bullet point shares there. That really gets to the point of the committed relationships and honoring our customer commitments when the market moves dramatically like this. We've shared with you in the past that we always have a certain element of negative loads in every quarter regardless of the market conditions. In some cases, it's bundled freight. In other cases, it's just pricing decisions or investments that are made in different parts of the business. That number moves around and it's not a metric that we want to share regularly or quantify, but we have shared with you often in the past that it typically is in the mid-single digits of our freight mix and I do think it's important to understand that we want to share that for the last couple of quarters and in Q1 that number has moved up and for Q1 was roughly double of what our normal averages have been, so it's an important metric that we look at. It's really reflective of the fact that we do honor those annual customer contracts that when the market moves like this, we have talked often about how we will continue to honor those contracts even if they requires us to invest or lose money on those relationships until the opportunity is appropriate to re-price the contract and move forward, so that's one data point that we look at in terms of analyzing our pricing and determining what's appropriate to do with each customer and how to go forward in the marketplace. There's a lot here, I know it's the most important part of the business and we could analyze it forever and talk about it the rest of the day. There is some Q&A addressing it. I think those are kind of the highlights that we think are the most important part of the truckload services that we wanted to get out to you. Moving on then to Slide 7, in our LTL services, net revenue increased 2.8% for the quarter, while volumes decreased 2%. Weather did also appear to impact shipment activity in January and February, so a similar pattern with not the same level of recovery or net revenue growth. Cost increases also are occurring in the LTL area and we continue to work with evolving that pricing and adjusting is appropriate similar to the Truckload side of it. As I mentioned earlier, given the variances of tariffs and classes of freight and all the difference, it's really hard to get down to a common denominator that's helpful to understand exactly or quantify some of those aggregated price increases, but the phenomenas for LTL are generally similar to what we talked about in the Truckload area. Moving on then to Slide Eight in our intermodal services, intermodal net revenue decreased 1.8% for the quarter. Intermodal volume decreased 6% for the quarter. As those of you who follow the industry know this is the area of transportation or perhaps you can quantify some of the metrics that are best around the impact of weather with slower trains speeds and lesser utilization of the equipment, we did see that in our limited owned equipment where there was less sufficient use of it and the inability to generate the same level of volume around that equipment. As we have talked in the past, while we have less asset density and less of our own committed network there, that's a disadvantage from a scaling and efficiency standpoint, but probably a little bit of an advantage with less idle time and inefficient use when weather impacts the negativity around that. Moving on then to Slide 9, our global forwarding results for the quarter, Ocean net revenues increased 2.6% for the quarter while Air increased 4.1% and Customs Services up 8.4% in net revenue for the quarter. The ocean market continues to be volatile and competitive with all of the changes that are going on, so we did have some net revenue margin compression, but it was more than offset by volume gains. We had good results in our air business with margins being up in a large part, due to the benefits from consolidating and integrating our global forwarding businesses and creating better margin opportunities. We have also seen steady growth in our customs brokerage services with increases in both, the net revenues and the transactions associated with that. Side Nine is where you see the greatest example of the simplicity in our financial statements, and going forward, we will be talking about the C.H. Robinson global forwarding business and less and less about the integration of Phoenix International, but just to kind of touch briefly on that the bottom slide talks, it talks about systems initiatives ongoing in 2014, and that probably being the most significant component of the overall integration plan that we anticipated lasting more than a year and going on throughout 2014, so we are still on track as we expected but have some remaining cleanup to do under the integration umbrella. Then that will evolve into just like every other area of service or business line that we have, where there will be quarterly releases and ongoing metrics to improve our operations and streamline the transaction flow of our processes. The other point I wanted to make about our global forwarding business, you know, when we acquired Phoenix International at the end of 2012, I talked earlier about the changes and the complexity that we are involved with understanding and integrating the business. One of the things that we do feel very proud about is that if you look at that pro forma information from last year and the first quarter of this year, that every quarter last year and the first quarter of this year we have had a net revenue increase in the combined businesses of our global forwarding, so while we been working very hard to create one network and have made tremendous progress on that, we really like are offering today and frankly are just getting started at more aggressively cross-selling and going after some of the consolidation and operational efficiencies that that will come with it because we spend a lot of time and money laying the foundation and making sure that we had one combined business. Despite all of that focus and attention that had to go into that and all of the competitive pressures that result from a transaction like this, we are pretty proud of the fact that we grew our pro forma revenues for every one of those quarters during that period of time. It wasn't just growing the net revenues by acquiring down. It was growing that combined pro forma base and really building a stronger foundation to hopefully go after those opportunities in the market. By the way, the market conditions during this period of time have not been all that strong. There have been some challenges in there. As you know, our biggest source is ocean and Trans-Pacific Eastbound is our corridor and we do continue to look at that and hope that at some periods of time in the future that the underlying market activity will have greater growth and really even support our growth in a better way there. Moving on then to Slide 10, the prepared comments on our other logistic services are very similar to previous periods. This represents the non-transportation portion of what we do; the net revenues increased 8.8% for the quarter compared to last year. As a reminder again, this service category includes primarily transportation management services and also some warehousing and small parcel revenues. As a constant reminder, while this is an important source and growth of revenue for us, it's also more important in the standpoint that the services are primarily offered to transportation customers and they are integrated in with those account management relationships and are key part of how we bring a combined value to many of these customer relationships. Our last service line is sourcing. You see sourcing activity, our net revenues for the quarter decreased 15.7%. We have talked in the past periods about some of the challenges in our sourcing business around loss of some of the dedicated business from a large customer relationship, sourcing is another area where we definitely have some weather-related challenges in managing the business. There were freezes during this period of time that impacted some of the citrus categories that we are a part of. There are routs in California that we are concerned about with regards to some of the commodities and the volume that will be associated with those in the coming quarters. I can assure you that we are doing everything to manage the business and adapt to market conditions in the sourcing area as aggressively as we are in any other part of Robinson, and we still have long-term confidence in our ability to grow this, but the lost dedicated business and the weather impacts on some of the crops just have a longer cycle time to normalize, so we do expect some continued challenges and headwinds in terms of working through some of these issues, but we do feel that long-term, the fundamentals of the business are good and by the end of the year we will be back into more normal conditions hopefully weather permitting with our sourcing business. I will pause there and turn it over to Chad for some comments on our financial information.
Chad Lindbloom : Thanks, John. I am going to cover some information on our cash flow and our balance sheet and then we will turn it back to John for the look ahead slide. During the first quarter of 2014, our cash provided by operations was $14.4 million. You can see that last year, there was actually cash used by operations of $58 million. John mentioned that most of the comparability issues of the transactions of selling T-Check and acquiring Phoenix are behind us. There was one lingering impact in the first quarter 2013, which is actually the payment of the income taxes related to the gain on sale of the divestiture in 2012, so that had approximately a negative impact to the first quarter of 2013's cash flow of about $100 million. You can see if you adjust for that $100 million of cash flow from operations was actually down in the first quarter of 2014 compared to 2013. The driver of that decrease in cash flow compared to last year's quarter, was primarily investments in working capital as we had accelerating revenue during the quarter which increases both, our receivables and our accounts payable, but as those of you have been following us know our accounts payable is always lower than accounts receivable, so we did invest significant amounts in working capital. This incremental investment in working capital impacted the amount of cash we had available to repurchase shares. While remain committed to our strategy of returning approximately 90% of our annual earnings to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, the first quarters tend to be lower. The reason is in addition to the growing working capital, we also have our bonus payments which happen at the end of January. Moving onto share repurchase activity, in February our ASR was terminated by the remaining bank and we were delivered approximately 1.2 million additional shares. In addition, we used only about $8.2 million net for share repurchases during the quarter. The bulk of that was shares withheld on delivery of restricted stock to recipients. Our capital expenditures during the quarter including software were $12.3 million and are in line with the expectations that we laid out last call for $40 million to $45 million of capital expenditures during 2013. We ended the quarter with $142 million in cash and $910 million in debt. We are comfortable with our current liquidity position. With that, I will turn it back to John for our look ahead slide.
John Wiehoff: Okay. Thanks Chad, the last, Slide 13, around a look ahead just to share some thoughts and comments on what we are seeing in the marketplace and how we are managing. I think, the first bullet point is an important one around truckload market conditions remain difficult to predict. When we have talked about our business in the past, we've talked about the fact that it is very difficult to forecast. It's very difficult, almost impossible to give accurate guidance. The core of that is the fact that we are sourcing that truckload capacity on a daily basis and are exposed to market movements that can move very aggressively and we predicted Q1 in the middle of Q1, we probably would not have predicted it accurately and I think it's very difficult to know exactly how markets are going to move in the future. Over the last three or four years, when we have talked about the balanced market conditions and what was happening in the North American in truckload sector, we and others talked often about the possibility that at some point in time you could see significant price increases based upon a reduction of capacity and a balanced market that really probably wasn't well positioned to accommodate significant demand increases if and when they occurred. Not a lot of people or maybe nobody anticipated a weather-driven tipping point in January and February that created some of the most significant price increases and market changes that we've seen in a while. There's uncertainty as to where we go from here around that. I would say the most popular question internally in interacting with customers during Q1 was, how much of this was whether and how much of it was the change in market conditions and it's clear that nobody really knows that. It's impossible to determine I think from an overall standpoint in terms of what exactly it's doing to the pricing and the market conditions, but it does feel like, the way the market has evolved over the last three or four years with the tightening of supply chains and information by shippers and the limited capacity additions by carriers that we do have a very tight market that maybe is as difficult to predict or a volatile as it's been in a long time.
Chad Lindbloom:  That's the first thing that we are understanding and trying to manage to internally and with all of our customer relationships. I commented earlier that North America truckload net revenue margins in March, and thus in April are flat with last year, so what that means for the month of April, when we have talked about in the past about sharing what we do know. What we do know is thus far in April, our net revenue growth on a daily basis has been around 10% in North America Truckload. It can bounce around quite a bit day-by-day and month ends and quarter ends can have a significant impact. It's also important to remember that we are talking about North American Truckload here that we do have headwinds in other parts of our business and most other services are not growing at that sort of place so we do see the recovery in the Truckload margins for the last couple of months, which we haven't seen in a while, but in a very unpredictable environment. Talking a little bit about our team, I commented earlier about our pride in and how we manage through and serve our customers during the quarter. I talked at the beginning of the year about the investments we've made in the past and how we are thinking about as a leadership team and how were making these decisions collectively. They really are bottom-up made, very similar to talk I about with account management and pricing. There is more and more collaboration in top-down input around the productivity metrics and the hiring processes within our company, but it still is a very collaborative process to make sure that we are adjusting to each part of the business in each market opportunity in the best way. If you connect a bunch of the previously shared comments around the fact that for the last several years, we were investing pretty heavily in hires in North American surface transportation, we do feel that in these sort of market conditions relying on our experienced people to adapt and serve our customers and honor those contracts and adapt the market conditions makes a lot more sense than trying to bring in a lot of new team members and aggressively go after market share in a capacity constrained environment.  For last quarter and this quarter and the foreseeable short-term future, we are managing that business with the current resources that we have and feel we can execute our go-to-market strategies and grow the business with the investments that we've made over the last couple of years. We talked in the global forwarding integration about the fact that we were going to try to keep all of our team members, and over a period of time try to harness the top line and bottom-line synergies of productivity and cross-selling and all the rest of that, so in our global forwarding business, we feel like there is capacity and the network to continue to grow and pursue with the combined team and capture those synergies going forward. In our sourcing business, we have some resource redeployment opportunities from the business that's in transition there and we always manage our shared services and overhead functions to kind of correlate with the business, so it's not a simple top-down edict to just not add people. We also have turnover in our business that we have talked about in the past, so that at any point in time we are constantly refreshing the pipeline and looking at where can we add the right sorts of people and evolve the workforce into the right types of jobs to move with the business, so talent planning and our people are still our most important asset and we are putting more energy into it than ever, but at the same time we do feel like for the foreseeable short-term future, at least the next couple of quarters, we can continue to work on harnessing the return on some of the investments that we like and have made over the past couple of years from our team standpoint. Then the last point is really pretty straightforward, that our business has always been about adapting to market conditions and helping our customers and carriers adapt to market conditions as well too and it's more important that we do that and we will continue to monitor the market activity, the pricing, our team and adjust very quickly as things progress in the market. That includes the prepared comments. From there, I will turn it back to Tim to moderate some of the prepared Q&A.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks John. As John stated, I personally thank all the analysts and investors that have submitted questions, a lot of great questions. John has [read] as many responses to some of those questions into his prepared comments that's including Chad as well, but there were over 100 questions as mentioned, so we have a lot of unique topics to get to and I'll jump right into it here and I'll ask the question and then I'll turn it to John or Chad to respond. The first question is for Chad, and I will read it verbatim here. The $220 million in personnel expense in the first quarter was fairly meaningful step up versus the second quarter '13 to fourth quarter '13 run rate. Was this increase primarily headcount-related and is it a good quarterly run rate to use for 2014?
Chad Lindbloom:  Okay. My comments will really compare first quarter to the fourth quarter of 2013, because that's where most of the people asked the question was Q4 to Q1. Although, our headcount was only up slightly compared to year end, at the end of the first quarter our average headcount, when you compare quarter four to quarter one was actually up slightly over 100 heads, so during the fourth quarter we were adding heads to get to that ending number. During the first quarter of this year, we kept headcounts roughly flat, so therefore in effect there were more heads than that. It's definitely part of the increase. Every year we have phenomenon in quarter one, where our payroll taxes go up significantly compared to quarter four. By the end of the year, many of our people are over their social security limits therefore there is no expense for the FICA expenses of those employees. During the first quarter, many of our employees actually maxed out because of the payment of their bonuses, so payroll taxes were up. I think it was an increase of over $7 million compared to Q4 in Q1. Restricted stock expense, we talked about this is during our fourth quarter call. We actually had a credit in restricted stock expense in Q4, because we ended up having 0% vesting one by the end of the third quarter of last year look like we would have some performance days in vesting, so we had to reverse the accumulated expense from the first three quarters and we did have some vesting expense on unrestricted stock and options during Q1. Those two are by far the biggest variances between Q4 and Q1. In addition to the headcount increase, I think, our average salaries grew less than 2% on a quarter-over-quarter basis.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. Thanks. Chad. Then the next question is again for Chad, and it's related to personnel again. You talked talk about wanting to leverage the investment you made in personnel and operating expenses in 2014, but we didn't see that in the first quarter year-over-year results. Should that be more evident in the second quarter results or is it something you expect later in the year?
Chad Lindbloom: My response to the previous question as well as something John said in prepared remarks kind of address, but just to be abundantly clear, our stated goal was to leverage our year-end headcount. Our headcount grew significantly during 2013. We're still online what the target. Our headcount is roughly flat. I think it's up 27 heads compared to the end of the year, so comparing to our goal was not have flat headcount with the first quarter, but to leverage the heads that we had at the end of the year. Actually, even if we don't add significant headcount, our expenses might grow as the year continues, if growth continues, because we will have increases in cash incentive pay as well as restricted stock vesting.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. Next question related to bad debt and for Chad again. Can you give us some more color on the increase in bad debt expense? Has there been any change in your strategy to pursue a different customer segments or was this just an isolated event?
Chad Lindbloom:  Unfortunately this is the second or third quarter in a row where we talked about isolated events, but basically they were. Rather than just looking at the increase, I will talk about what made up the $6.3 million provision. In quarter one, as we mentioned earlier, our receivable portfolio grew significantly. We do some calculated risk analysis to establish a reserve. The increase in our gross receivable portfolio made up about $2.4 million of the $6.3 million total provision. In addition, we had two different significant specific reserves booked during the quarter, which totaled approximately $4 million, so it is not a change in going after different market segments. The variance was really driven by those two significant customers, one of which is a customer who was a moderate credit risk, who suddenly had a deterioration in their business and another customer was one were closely monitoring and also had some changes in their business that made it prudent for us to reserve the receivable.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. Next question, again for Chad, before I turn it back over to John, is the number of offices held by three in the quarter to 282 from 285 at year end. Will there be further closings and what are the savings?
Chad Lindbloom:  That particular reduction was based to one move we made a Minneapolis. We had four operating branches that were already shared and already consolidated in more sharing office space and we consolidated the management of that to be led by one general manager to try to leverage and scale some of the efficiencies within there. There might be late changes from that combination, but really there were no significant headcount reductions or no significant changes in the staff, so hopefully we are going to be able to grow that business faster and leverage some expenses going forward, but nothing significant in immediate term.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. Thanks, Chad. The next question is a Truckload question for John about capacity. As freight flows normalized post the weather, any sense that carriers are actually not that busy or has capacity remained tight in van reefer flat bed.
John Wiehoff: I started to touch on this in the prepared comments, but we have seen in the month of April some softening of what we would characterize as supply and demand relationship in April relative to the first quarter, so for that, what that would mean from us is that we are not seeing a lot of the extreme spot market activity or extreme difficulties in truck deficits and sourcing capacity. It has not however softened to the earlier market conditions of a balanced market with adequate supply and demand in all markets like we have been talking about for a number of years, so I think it's really sort of fits the pattern of what I talked about earlier that while there were some whether-provoked extremes during the first quarter, that probably precipitated a bit of a tipping point attitude around pricing and tightness in the marketplace and while a lot of that whether impact has subsided, there does remain a different market conditions today that we see versus the past couple of years.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. Thanks John. The next one again for John in the area of truckload, Organic truckload volume growth of 4% seems a bit low given the market dislocation. Can you expand on why CHRW was unable to take advantage of this to drive better volume growth.
John Wiehoff: We don't have great metrics yet on what the market probably did for Q1, but we do acknowledge that that 4% growth was probably more in line with market or that we didn't take a lot of market share during the first quarter. If you connect some of the previous comments that I have made around how we honor our customer contracts and how over the last three or four years, our business has move towards a much greater mix of committed and contracted freight, we knew coming into the year that in the fourth quarter and early first quarter as the pricing started to change aggressively and we started to think about our customer relationships and how best to serve them in a very capacity-constrained market that going after a lot of volume growth in Q1 didn't feel like it would be the right answer for us to balance the combination of honoring those existing customer commitments with trying to grow our business and pursue the additional opportunities in the market. While we did that, and do that every quarter in terms of selling and looking for new business opportunities, we did not have as higher volume growth as we have had in quarters or would hope to have in some of the future. Other comment that I would make is, there have been periods of time in the past where markets have tightened and we have had greater volume growth, we have talked in the past about the uniqueness around these tight market conditions maybe being more driven by supply constraints rather than an increase in the demand from shippers. If you think through the dynamics on that, when there is incremental freight in the marketplace that just hasn't been bid or planned, but there is ample capacity to rerouting and go extra miles. It does create a more favorable environment for going after volume, when capacity constrained environment like this with a lot of existing customer commitments it doesn't bode well to both, serve your customers and go after a lot of volume increases.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. Thanks, John. Next question, again, for John. It's more related to some of the look ahead comments. What's more important for 2014? Volume growth and sustaining market share or price to improve margins?
John Wiehoff: Based on the last quarter and on this question there were a number of follow-ups around, you know, has our strategy changed to focus more on price or what's more important around price and volume. I think that the thing that's important about that is, in our long range plan, we talk about the foundation of making Robinson a bigger, better company to create value and to serve our customers. It's about gaining market share and expanding our footprint and expanding our services, so market share gains are the long-term objective and we will never stop pursuing those. We have a lot of different go-to-market and sales initiatives that we are pursuing. When the market is moving as aggressively as it did towards the end of the fourth quarter of '13 in the first quarter of '14, simultaneously aggressively pursuing market share and adding a lot to the team like I said a couple times is not the best way to manage the business for our customers or for our long-term profitability, so it's always a blend of the two of those. It's not a change in strategy. It's an adaptation to the current environment and the market conditions. We will continue to focus on serving our customers, honoring our contracts and adjusting to the pricing changes in the marketplace in the short-term future with some foundation of pursuing continued market share gains and will adapt to a different mix of those initiatives when the market tells us it's time to do that.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. Moving on to the next question related to net revenue margin. You indicated in March and April that transportation net revenue margins have been flat year-over-year. Do you think we passed through the trough for net revenue margin?
John Wiehoff: Last fall, when we talked about our long-term growth targets and managing our business we said that we manage the company and those long-term guidance goals were based upon margin stabilization. We understand that because of our business model and because of the industry that margins are going to fluctuate. We expect them to fluctuate just based on supply and demand and how things work in the marketplace, but our long-term business planning and those long-range goals that we set out do assume margin stabilization, so we have had margin stabilization in our largest service for the months of March and so far the April, that feels positive. Have we passed the trough? I think, there's too much uncertainty and too much volatility in the market today to state definitively that we passed the trough for that things couldn't go one way or the other for the remainder of the year. It's is possible I think that margins could go up or down based on what we see in the market and how we are managing our business today, so we pride ourselves on how we adapt to the changes and being prepared for either scenario and hopefully we will continue to see some sustained margin stabilization for the remainder of the year, but we are not predicting that. We are managing our business based on the certainty of that happening.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks. John. The next question relates to spot market versus contract business. What was your mix of contractual versus spot business in the quarter? How did this compare with the year ago?
John Wiehoff: It's a common question and tried to set the stage for that in the prepared comments around the truckload services that without a standard definition and an enterprise framework for applying that, it's not that we know those percentages and are being cute by not wanting to share them, because we simply don't have a standard definition of that, but when you slice and dice that database of our activity for the quarter, what we do know as we have shared many times over the past couple of years is that a higher and higher percentage, much more than half was tending towards awarded freight and more committed freight, particularly with larger customers who do the bids and look for those longer-term commitments. When the market starts to move like it has, a lot less freight will move under those awards and there will be less freight that is rebid, so it will naturally sort of shift to a little bit greater mix of spot market or transactional freight just based upon the pricing in the supply and demand dynamics in the marketplace. Where it goes from here, we will see. I think, a lot of the business changes that we made around integrated services and automated processes, it is our goal to keep that contracted or committed freight percentage fairly high, because we like the long-term growth and the stability of the relationships that come with it, but we also hope that there are opportunities in the future with hopefully more supply coming into the marketplace that greater growth on the demand side that we could pursue a greater spot market opportunities as well.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. The next question goes back to Chad related to earnings. Given the rapid rise in spot rates and increased volatility are you more or less confident in your net revenue and earnings per share guidance for the next couple of years?
Chad Lindbloom:  Thanks. As you know, we haven't given short-term specific guidance. We have set our long-term EPS growth rate at 7%, 12%. We agree that the market is extremely volatile. As we have mentioned earlier, we also believe it's still very difficult to predict. That said, volatile markets are better than prolonged weak freight environments like we have been experienced for the last multiple quarters. Based on what we saw in March and so far in April, we believe the market is better for us to achieve greater earnings growth than it has been in quite some time. However, that market could change at any time.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. Thanks, Chad. The next question back to John here and it relates to less-than-truckload. Could you provide more detail of the decline in LTL volume? What caused the decline and is it expected to rebound in the second quarter?
John Wiehoff: I commented earlier that similar to the truckload, there were volume declines in January and February that, we believe, correlated with some of the severe whether days and disrupted some of the networks, the fact that our volumes didn't recover to the same degree in the LTL area is probably a combination of less success on our part in terms of selling and that baseline of market share gains. It is a very competitive market. There is always a constant churn of some other customer activity, particularly the more transactional stuff, so a combination of less success on our part and some weather-driven volatility of gaining market share. It is absolutely our goal to grow volume and to gain share in future periods. Again, it's a competitive market and who knows what the future will bring us, but that it is our hope to continue to grow the volumes in that area.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. The next question is again for John, and on the topic of intermodal. Intermodal growth expectations are still pretty strong and we have seen some announcement of container adds by larger intermodal company, so I am wondering if there has been a change in your strategy, any plans to become more asset-intensive to better compete in this business, especially as it looks like demand and pricing power is improving as the truck market tightened and not having your own assets was a hindrance this past quarter.
John Wiehoff: We have said and I would repeat again that intermodal is a very important part of our service offerings and we are committed to doing whatever it takes in order to make sure that we are relevant to our customers and a part of that marketplace going forward. As many of you probably know, in the past we have had greater asset ownership in that intermodal area phased out of it and now we have some containers and are constantly exploring what are the right types of investments to increase that capital commitment that the density of our network to better serve the customers. It's a complex circle of talking with customers, talking with our rail partners and looking at the opportunities in the marketplace to figure out when and how to do that most appropriately, but we are definitely open-minded to it and looking at how to successfully grow our intermodal business in the future.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. Thanks, John. The next question, again, to you and related to the Europe, and [question] here. Are you eyeing growth in Europe?
John Wiehoff: We talked in our Investor Day and I have mentioned it, I think, since then several times that Europe is one of our key growth initiatives from two points. One is, our European surface transportation that one of our executive leaders (Inaudible) for the last couple of years has really been driving an expansion of our European surface transportation truckload and less-than-truckload with some office openings and driving some sales investments around expanding that network, so Europe is a strategic commitments for us and we are investing in having higher growth expectations for the future on the European continent. The other part of our European business is, our global forwarding business, where we are underrepresented relative to our presence in Asia and North America, but are also looking at investing in additional human capital and locations in the future to try to strengthen that part of the network. When you put together the regional shared services will support the global forwarding and surface transportation opportunities as well as some additional management services and outsourcing-type things that we can build off of that. Europe is an important strategic commitment for us that we are investing disproportionately into the last couple of years.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. Just the basis of time here, this will be our last question and the question is for Chad. It's related to share count. Could you provide the end of the quarter basic share count? Just trying to get the starting point for 2Q.
John Wiehoff: Sure. The ending basic share count was approximately 148.1 million shares. The ending diluted count was approximately 148.6 million shares.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. Thanks, Chad. Unfortunately, we are out of time. We got too many questions, but certainly not all. We apologize that we could not get all the questions today. Thank you for participating in our first quarter 2014 conference call. The call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.chrobinson.com. It will be available by dialing 800-406-7325, and entering the passcode 4676571 pound. The replay will be available at approximately 7 O'clock Eastern Time. That's evening, actually sooner. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to call me or email me. My direct line is 952-683-5007. Thank you and have a great day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tim Gagnon - Director, Investor Relations  John Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer Chad Lindbloom - Chief Financial Officer
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Fourth Quarter 2013 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today’s presentation, Tim Gagnon will facilitate a review of previously submitted questions. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, February 5, 2014. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Gagnon, the Director of Investor Relations.
Tim Gagnon: Thank you and good morning everybody. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, our Chief Executive Officer; and Chad Lindbloom, our Chief Financial Officer. John and Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our fourth quarter, and we will follow that with a response to pre-submitted questions that we have received after our earnings release yesterday afternoon. Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate the discussion. The slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is located at chrobinson.com. John and Chad will be referring to these slides in their prepared comments. I would like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management’s expectations. Before I turn it over to John, I would like to mention that similar to our first three quarters earnings releases, we have provided pro forma financial measures for net revenue and income from operations to provide meaningful insight and an alternative perspective of our results of operations. We believe that these pro forma financial measures reflect an additional way of analyzing aspects of our ongoing operations, that when viewed with our actual results, provides a more complete understanding of the factors and trends affecting our business. A reconciliation of actual results to pro forma numbers is provided in Appendix A and B at the end of the slide deck. With that, I will turn it over to John to begin his prepared comments on Slide 3 with a review of our Q4 2013 results.
John Wiehoff: Alright, thanks Tim. Thanks for everybody listening into the call. I am going to start my prepared comments on Page 3 of the deck that show our GAAP reported earnings for the year and then we will have a lot of comments on this page, because as Tim said, while the 2013 results are reflective of our ongoing business, the 2012 numbers are not comparable because of the transactions that are reconciled in the appendix. Looking at Page 3, I think a couple of data points that are relevant is just for the year 2013, our total revenues of $12.7 billion does reflect a 12% increase over the prior year. That increase is about half organic growth and half acquired revenue largely from the Phoenix International acquisition and obviously scale and size do matter in our business and it is important that we continue to grow that top line and have a stronger presence in the marketplace so that we can take advantage of our scale and size in the marketplace. If you look at the EPS for the quarter of $0.62, again it’s not comparable to the prior year. In our earnings release and pro forma information, it shows $0.66 as the pro forma adjusted for the prior year. Obviously, we are not happy with the $0.62 or the $2.65 of EPS for the year. This 2013 marks the first time in 16 years as a public company, where we were not successful in growing our EPS over the previous year. In addition to the decline because of the gains and the transactions of the previous year, it also is down from the pro forma numbers on the following page that I will talk to more. So we understand it’s a disappointing finish to a challenging year and we are committed to changing and making sure that we improve that in the future. Turning then to Page 4, this is a page that I will have most of my comments on. Again, it’s reflecting the 2012 numbers adjusted to exclude T-Chek for the entire period and to include Phoenix International’s history for the entire period even though we did not own the business for all of 2012. Page 4 has most of the key metrics that we look at in terms of evaluating our business and performance starting with the total revenues that I talked about before. I mentioned that about half of our top line growth or 6% of that $12.7 billion came from organic growth. So if we are looking at the pro forma information here, that’s the 6.2% increase in our total revenues. So you can see that was for the year in the fourth quarter that book slowed to 3.8% in revenue growth. If you look at the net revenue, an increase of 1.3% for the year, but a decline of 2.1% for the fourth quarter, so both the revenue and the net revenue declining more in the fourth quarter or growing less than the year-to-date numbers. Similarly, when you look at the operating expenses, we have always talked and continue to believe that the appropriate way to look at that is separating personnel and non-personnel or SG&A expenses into the two different categories. You can see the year-to-date increase of 6% of total operating expense and the fourth quarter increase of 4% for operating expenses. So the expense growth in the fourth quarter, the growth rate did slow, but obviously not fast enough in relation to the net revenue change and how the business is performing. So income from operations for the quarter down 11.6% on a pro forma basis. As I mentioned earlier, EPS was not shown on this slide, but that would show for the quarter $0.62 of EPS diluted compared to the previous year of $0.66, which is about a 6% decline. Chad will make some comments about share repurchases and the changes in the capital structure. So that part of the strategy is working in terms of the decline in earnings being less at the EPS level than it is at the income from operations line. Couple of other metrics on this page that are important, we always talk about our operating income to net revenue relationship. So you can see for the year 39.9% dropping to 37.2% for the year-to-date. As a refresher, for those of you who have followed the story when we went public 16 years ago, that was at 28%. It got up to around 42% at the peak in 2008 and ‘09. And over the last four or five years as we have had a more challenging environment, it worked its way back down to 37.2% for the year. In that operating income to net relationship, there are some mix issues. Obviously, we have talked a lot about Global Forwarding and the fact that it is a global more overhead intensive business that changes some of the mix. You see some of the acquisition amortization up above that changes, the benchmarks or components of that operating income to net revenue and then the acknowledgement of reduced profitability over the last five years, all having an impact on that relationship. It is important to look at the year-to-date stuff, because a lot of our costs are annual in terms of annual incentive contracts and a lot of different operating expenses that will get trued up on an annual basis. However, the current quarter showing pretty 38.7 down to 34.9 does reflect what I mentioned earlier that with a decline in net revenue and a increase in operating expenses that obviously puts downward pressure on that ratio and that happened more in the fourth quarter than it did on a year-to-date basis, but that operating income to net revenue is a key metric that we continue to look at and the deterioration of it is being driven by topics that we have talked about at length over the last four to five years primarily truckload margin compression. More than half of our revenue comes from truckload services and we will talk more about it, but that’s obviously the lead driver. In this quarter, there were some lost business in our sourcing service line that also had a pretty significant contribution to it. Last comment I will make on this page is that when you look at operating expenses and we will talk in this call about how we intend to manage differently and approach the expenses differently. But if you look at 6% year-to-date operating expense increase and personnel expenses of 4.8% increase, elsewhere in the decade shows that we had about 7% headcount increase. And for a number of years now we have been talking about investing in our network and investing in our personnel to go after market share. And part of what I think is important to understand is that we do have a very high pay for performance culture at Robinson. And everyone of us that’s making those decisions around the balance of hiring and market share goals and gains versus the profitability of the corporation, the pay for performance has driven a significant reduction and realized pay over the last five years. And again while we are adding people to the network the personnel costs are not growing at the same percentage as the level of heads that we are adding primarily because of a reduction in variable pay programs that impact all of us at Robinson in terms of the performance. So we do feel that that is the strength of the model. Its part of what aligns our decision making with our shareholders and it is something that we will talk more about as I talk through the remainder of the deck. Turning then to Page 5 on the total transportation results, this schedule really highlights some of the challenges that I have already referenced in terms of our margin contraction and our performance. If you look at the total net revenue growth of 1.7% for the quarter and 11% for the year, again the year was driven primarily around some of the acquired net revenues. I think it’s helpful to look at the longer term trends on the net revenue margins, so we this longer term graph that we have been referencing for the last several years. If you look on the year-to-date down lower right hand portion of that chart that shows the 2009 to 2013 total transportation net revenue margin percentages. You see it moving from 20.2% in 2009 to 15.3% in 2013. Over the last four years we have talked at length on a lot of questions and comments, today I will get back to these same topics. But really if you look at the economic recession and the change that happened four and a half years ago, probably the dominant topics that have been affecting all of the transportation results and margins, but especially the North American truckload are in addition to the cyclical fluctuations that we always have had and will have that showed some of the peak in 2009. I would say the other categories of environmental changes are just around changing supply chains and how shippers are focusing on efficiency rather growth. On the truckload side you have the cost changes, the regulatory changes, CSA, hours of service all those things that have changed the landscape of the cost of capacity and the truckload component of the cost equation in our business. A lot of changes around technology both shipper investments as well as 3PL and competitor investments in technology and the transparency and the changes around pricing that it’s leading in all of the different services and then just the escalation of competition and the changes in the competitive landscape especially in the truck brokerage world and the third party landscape. So you see all those factors over the last five years, we have been trying to ourselves as well as responding to questions to try to understand the components of that and what is driving it, but obviously over the last five years since the recession the combination of all of that has put downward pressure on our margins that has impacted our results. When you look at the transportation business as a whole for 2013 with somewhere around $11 billion of total transportation services and then you look down below and factor in conservatively 4% to 5% margin compression, that margin table down below also has some favorable mix shift to higher margin businesses, primarily Global Forwarding and management services when you look at the longer term transportation. So if you look at a business of around $11 billion of transportation with again considerably 4% to 5% margin compression over that period of time, while somewhere around $400 million to $500 million of margin opportunity or margin comparison on that $11 billion of freight. Over that five-year period of time, we have been able to modestly grow our operating income to somewhere around $100 million or I think low-single digit percent. So it is I think important to understand that if you look at the scale of the business and how we have gone after market share that while we have been under margin pressure and we have been under a lot of competitive stress that we have done a lot with our variable pay and we have done a lot in the scope of our network and productivity to try to manage our results and get through this in a more favorable way. Moving then to Page 6, some comments then on each of the different transportation services, obviously starting with truckload, it is more than half of the net revenue of the business. We did see some very meaningful tightening of our North American truckload market in December and January. I have shared in the past the types of metrics that we look at to gauge that market dynamics around demand and supply. One of the primary ones being the route guide performance and route guide deterioration to look at if freight is moving as planned or if there is a lot of change or disruption. For us, I know in the industry there has been a lot of discussion about improved environment and changes, what we did in December and January is some pretty meaningful movement in the deterioration of those route guides and some tightening in a lot of different areas of capacity that has continued to lead through some disruption and price increases. So in the past, several quarters when we have talked about customer pricing increasing in a 2% to 3% range and carrier costs increasing more than that, which you see for the fourth quarter of 2013 is that our customer pricing on average for the quarter up 3.5% for a mile, but the carrier costs increasing at around 5%. So both of those numbers moved up fairly aggressively during the quarter, moved up even more aggressively in the December and January. We will come back to that topic more in 2014 and some of the Q&A, but one of the things that a lot of the themes around the questioning is how we are we adapting to pricing, how are we adapting to the changing market. We are moving – pricing moved in the fourth quarter, pricing is moving in January, it really is more a function of the fact that as we talked about the last four years in this balanced environment, we have moved to a much more committed relationship with the vast majority of our customers to take market share and to grow in a balanced environment which was required during that period of time. We have talked about the fact that when the market turns and depending upon how quickly and aggressively it turns it can take time to reprice business and to go after transactional opportunities that result as the byproduct of that and to a large degree which you are seeing in December and January is that period of time where things can get worse before they get better from a pricing and margin standpoint. And we have seen some pretty significant change in the North American truckload market conditions over the last 60 days. Again, I will come back to some more comments around pricing in our truckload services, but one of the things that I think is relevant when you look at our 5.6% decline for the quarter. I know we have asked ourselves around that how long does it take to reposition the pricing, how long does it take to get after some of that transactional opportunity. And one of those things that we believe is unique or different this time versus other inflection points that are similar to this that we have had in the market is that for all the reasons that we talked about the last four years around the capacity shortage and some of the truckload challenges of driver shortage and the absence of new equipment coming into the marketplace. When you add on to that some of the weather challenges in the December and January period that we do believe that the contribution of tightness from the reduction in supply was probably more unique this time around then just simple growth in the freight side of it. Well, there is clearly some demand increase as well too and those are all the factors that we have to manage through. We do think that the dynamics around what’s causing the tightness and what’s the most appropriate way to manage through the transition in the marketplace does have some unique elements to it this time around. Moving then to Page 7 on our LTL results, 3.2% net revenue increase for the quarter. Both costs and price moving up as we have said multiple times in the past because we use a variety of tariffs and different pricing things it’s hard to quantify apples-to-apples exactly around what types of price increases are there, but there is no question that pricing is moving up both in the quarter and year-to-date with some more modest net revenue margin compression. So a 4% volume increase translating into a 3.2% net revenue increase. And as we commented down below, while all of our transportation services and the 3PL market is more competitive than it was several years ago in the LTL arena, it does feel as though it’s maybe even more competitive simply because of the fact that the capacity side is a more constant in the marketplace. In terms of access to it and things like technology are more important around the automation of the process. So it allows for more aggressive market share goals by us and competition to go after greater volumes of freight. On Page 8, in our intermodal results, what you see for the quarter a 9.4% net revenue increase, less volume, but improved pricing and net revenue margin. We have talked over the last several years about our intermodal business and how it consists of more transactional and truckload conversion opportunities that we feel we are very capable of and do a good job of bringing our customers intermodal solutions where they pertain in the marketplace. It has been our challenge and continues to be to build our capabilities on the higher volume more dense intermodal opportunities. Those are generally served more effectively with dedicated container and dedicated rate solutions that contribute to efficiencies based on the volume. So while we have made some minor investments there, we do need to continue to work on our operating structure and the capital commitments that it takes to serve the larger, more dedicated intermodal opportunities and grow that portion of our business in a more sustainable way. So while we are happy with the 9% net revenue increase for the quarter, it really is more reflective of just ongoing re-pricing and shift of mix in the business rather than a trend that will sustain itself in the next couple of quarters. Moving to Page 9, then I am talking about Global Forwarding erosion and customs business Page 9 reflects the GAAP numbers again, so what these numbers reflect around those net revenue increases of 37% for ocean and 12.8% for air, 36.7% for customs reflects a partial quarter of Phoenix activity rolling into our Global Forwarding results. Probably the most important point by our view on Page 9 is the bottom message that for the year and again in the quarter based on TEU ship rankings we were the number one NVOCC in volume from China. Eastbound that was one of the strategic goals as we have talked about with both Phoenix and C.H. Robinson having focused largely in that corridor in the past really retain and grow that volume in a way that creates a competitive advantage, so that’s probably one of the most positive strategic achievements. Moving on to Page 10, where the information that we presented in the past is in a more comparable format for our Phoenix integration update, I am not going to go into the same level of detail as I have into the past around the two year integration plan. But from a year one standpoint, the second bullet on this slide highlights some of the key things that we really did focus on in year one around office combinations, agent rationalization, gateway and operational processes and feel pretty good about how all that went and where we are in year – at the end of year one of our plan. If you look at on a pro forma basis on the deck up above 8.5% net revenue increase for the quarter was our best increase of the year in terms of pro forma activity. You see 4.6% for the year on this pro forma basis. So what we have left is the more aggressive ramp up of cross selling and integrating some of the account management and growth opportunities as well as technology and driving further operating efficiencies in the Global Forwarding business during the year two and beyond with that. Slide 11, the other logistics services reflects the continued efforts to diversify our business and focus on other than transportation solutions you see a 14% net revenue growth in the quarter. We continue to feel positive about the pipeline and the growth opportunities in here. And again I would say pretty every much every quarter that, while this is only 3.5% of the net revenue of the corporation of $67.9 million for the year 2013 that the customers that represent this service line also include significant transportation customers. So that when we think about it from a market share gain and account management standpoint, our capabilities to integrate with our customers in a more comprehensive way and drive value and solutions in the supply chain that go beyond transportation are an important part of the future and how we are trying to position ourselves from a strategic standpoint. Moving then to my last slide on the service lines before I turn it over to Chad on Page 12, our sourcing results, what you see for the quarter is a 15% net revenue decline in our sourcing business and a 7% decline for the year. We talked about the lost business in our sourcing division in our last call, as well as our Investor Day comments by quick – just quick refresher on a couple of data points in our sourcing business. Its where buying and selling, distributing fresh foods and vegetables produce, predominantly the large retailers and food service businesses. The sourcing business at Robinson is more concentrated. There are about 20 accounts that make up well over half of the business. And it’s predominantly the large retailers that have consolidated very similar to how the produce industry has consolidated. The way we earn business in that division is generally by innovating and helping those buyers and sellers of fresh foods and vegetables to bring new ideas to the market. There might be products from a part of the world to create year around supply, it might be packaging innovation. It might be a promotional opportunity to expose new categories. Often times when we earn those businesses we get to serve them for an extended period of time around may be even managing the item or the category and replenishing and filling those orders for a long period of time. One of the risks that we have is that when those buyers make strategic changes around how they are stocking their produce department or the types of items they are carrying or where they are sourcing from their vendors, we can lose orders. And in fact that’s what happened with our largest sourcing customer in the fourth quarter is that we continued to see the elimination of some items that have been ordered from us for a number of years that resulted in last business and a net revenue decline for the sourcing business. The net revenue loss from the lost business was the majority of the decline in the net revenues for the quarter. But there also were some weather issues that impacted the broader sourcing business and helped to contribute to some of the net revenue margin decline moving from 8% to 6.8% in the quarter. The weather things, obviously we believe will correct themselves and that we will able to improve some of those margin opportunities around the weather related items, but the lost business as it – we do expect that that will continue. We don’t know with certainty until orders show up or don’t show up. But at this point it looks pretty clear that lost business will continue to impact our sourcing results for the majority of 2014. With that, I will turn it over to Chad for some comments on our financial section.
Chad Lindbloom: Okay, thank you, John. On slide – I am on Slide 13 now. You can see while our operating cash flow is down for the year on the GAAP perspective, the timing of the tax payment from the gain on sale of T-Chek had a significant impact. We had a positive impact of about $100 million in the last quarter of 2012 because the taxes for the gain are approved, but they were paid in the first quarter of 2013. So you can see on the third row of that chart if you adjust for the timing of those tax accruals and tax payments, we actually have significant increase in our cash flow both for the fourth quarter and the year compared to 2012. Our CapEx including our investments in capitalized software, which is both internally developed software as well as purchase software. The total of the capital – of those capital expenditures for the year were slightly lower than the predicted at $48 million. In 2014, we expect to spend about $40 million to $45 million in capital expenditures including that software. Our total debt balance at the end of the quarter was $875 million, that was made up of the $500 million long-term debt that we entered into in the third quarter and the – we have $375 million outstanding on our line – on the revolving line of credit which has a maximum of $500 million. Moving on to Slide 14, we have talked about our capital structure a lot lately, but I kind of recap what our current goals and plans are. We currently have a goal of distributing at least 90% of our annual net income through ongoing share repurchases and dividends. This goal could change based on investment opportunities or other capital needs. We expect maintaining this program will hold our debt balance somewhere in the range of 1 to 1.5 times EBITDA. As we have mentioned at our Investor Day, we would consider going as high as 2.5 times EBITDA for the right acquisition opportunity. Looking at 2013 in specific, we used $310 million of cash in ongoing share repurchases and paid $220 million in dividends. These distributions totaled over a 120% of our net income. The higher than normal distribution was driven in part by our strong operating cash flows. In addition to that more normal ongoing activity, we entered into a $500 million ASR program with two banks. The source of the funds was the long-term debt that I mentioned earlier. One of the two banks terminated their ASR plan on December 11, which resulted in a delivery of an additional 1.2 million shares. The other bank’s ASR is still open and we will close between now and April 16, 2014. The precise closing date of their ASR is completely at their discretion. If they have terminated their plan on January 31, they would have delivered us an additional 1.2 million shares. Our ending diluted share count was approximately 149.7 million shares and this will go down when the second bank closes their ASR. With that, I will turn it back to John for one more slide of prepared comments talking about 2014 and forward.
John Wiehoff: So my comments are on Page 15, the 2014 thoughts and initiatives. On the top of that chart is a recap of our Investor Day, long-term growth goal, for those of you who didn’t participate in that last year given the changes over the last three or four years and the changes in the environment through our long range planning process, we took a look at how we thought we could perform over a longer period of time given the environment over the last four years. What we did at that point is lower our long-term growth targets to something that we thought was more realistic of the types of market share gains and operating leverage that we could gain in a more competitive environment like this. We stated then and would reiterate now that, that plan assumes that margins will fluctuate, but it also assumes margin stabilization from the previous periods. When we communicated this plan last fall, we did not anticipate the more aggressive margin compression that we have experienced towards the tail end of ‘13 nor did we contemplate the lost business in the sourcing division. So, we still believe in that long-term growth target. We still believe that, that is our benchmark and a reasonable goal for the longer term next 5 to 10 years of C.H. Robinson performance, but results will fluctuate and margins will fluctuate and during periods of time where we have contraction, it will be difficult or we won’t be able to achieve those goals. So well, we still believe in that long-term growth target. The next bullet point talks about the fact that similar to the fourth quarter of 2013 our net revenues have decreased in January of 2014. We do not have our books closed yet and we do not have the precise numbers for January of 2014, but the themes that we have talked about on this call unfortunately some of them are carrying into the year in 2014, that market tightening on the truckload side that we discussed has continued to-date in the first quarter of 2014. Those price increases of 3.5 and 5 that I referenced in the fourth quarter those have continued to escalate into January. Again, we have to scrub these for the quarter and we have to look at fuel numbers, but probably something more in the customer pricing up 5 and carrier cost up 7. So, again, we have to get out ahead of this and at some point make sure that we stabilize or expand the margins that we are doing on our pricing. But as the market is moving, we are moving customer prices and we are reacting to the marketplace, but it has been a challenge to get out ahead of it and to manage through margin stability or improvement in the North America truckload piece. In addition as I mentioned earlier, we have some of the lost business trends that are going to carry into ‘14 for a while. And while we will talk more specifically in some of the Q&A about the expense management, obviously the run-rate coming into the year is something that we have to manage down over time and is going to take a while to get in line. Pricing will be a high priority in 2014. As I mentioned before that in these market conditions, we do have a long history of adapting to what’s going on in the market and it’s just a period of time where we feel like we can add a lot of values to our customers in the marketplace to adapt to these market conditions. We have to serve them and honor the commitments that we have made over the last year as these contract cycle through and we will get into some more specifics around how the pricing works and how we expect that to play out, but at the same time, it’s very clear that in these changing market conditions that while pricing is always important that it will be a very critical focus for us in 2014. The last bullet point of our growth continuing to be a top priority through leveraging our current resources, we do intend to manage differently in 2014. The firm leveraging our current resources does imply that we intend to have a different attitude about our hiring and our addition of resources to the network during 2014. We do believe that in the environment that we are in now and if you look at the various pieces of our business that what we believe in the investments that we have made over the last couple of years that during this type of market condition, we should be able to leverage some of those investments to continue to go after market share gains with current accounts and current resources that we have in place. There is also a number of other things that we have been working on for the last couple of years around automation and operational productivity, regionalizing our North American business to share resources more efficiently across North America, and an enterprise sales approach around segmentation and going to the market more effectively that initiatives like that that we have been working on for a number of years to position ourselves for more competitiveness into the future. It’s just become clear that in the balance of productivity and managing the cost structure versus growing the business and going after market share gains that we have to tilt that balance more aggressively and manage the cost structure of the company down more aggressively sooner than perhaps we have been thinking over the last couple of years. So while we will be working hard to improve price and to manage the margin and the customer relationships just like we always have, it’s also time to prove some of the return on the investments that we have been making and go after market share gains with more aggressive expense management in our network. So I will finish the prepared comments by restating what I said in the beginning. We are not happy with the fact that our earnings per share decreased for the quarter. The formula for managing this business is straightforward and is similar to what it’s been in the past. You have to manage those account relationships and go after growth and business in the marketplace, manage pricing and margin and control the cost structure and productivity and balance with that to grow both your market share and your earnings. So there is a bunch of this that we have to own and we do and we are on it, we understand it, we know how to manage it and we will improve it. There is a bunch of this that is just reflective of a very challenging market dynamic and increased competition and changes in supply chains that may not go away in the near future, but we have to continue to adapt to the company and adjust to that. Those are the prepared comments that we have. With that, I will turn it over to Tim who has organized the questions that were submitted. So we can go through the Q&A portion of the call.
Tim Gagnon: Thank you, John. Let me first start by thanking all of the analysts and investors for taking the time to submit questions. We received a lot of great questions and we will do our best to get through as many as we can in the time allotted. John and Chad will kind of share in the duties to respond to the questions and I will facilitate by first asking the question and then either John or Chad will respond. So we will get right into that now. And the first question is for John and it relates to headcount. So why does headcount still need to go up at such a rapid pace relative to net revenue? How long does that continue, our employees beginning to get somewhat disgruntled with the pay for performance incentive comp structure due to recent performance? And has that lead to higher turnover? So, a lot there.
John Wiehoff: Okay. So, some of this was covered in the prepared comments with the fact that we have been doing over the last couple of years what we have done for the majority of time, which is to look at our headcounts, investments largely in correlation to volume while we have always had productivity initiatives and we have as many today as we ever have. Our historic benchmark looked at headcount and staffing additions highly correlated to volume. As I stated in the comments, we do have a different approach to that during 2014. It’s not without risk. We have to drive market share gains and productivity in the network and obviously we want to be smart about the balance of that. So the tradeoffs between market share and investing in the network and adding resources to go after it versus margin and productivity is something that we struggle with everyday, but we are taking a different approach going into 2014. To the question of employees with variable comp and incentive pay and is that causing turnover or morale issues, I don’t think our industry is unique in the standpoint that expecting more with less has put some strain on our workforce. And as I mentioned earlier the variable pay and pay for performance culture that we have does create tension in our network around the fact that people are working as hard as they ever have and in many cases making less money for it. I think that’s just a reflection of the times. Statistically, I don’t, our turnover has not accelerated, although anybody who is involved in any service business you know that it’s more about which turnover you are having and are you keeping the right people those who are still on the bus motivated with the right morale. And it’s a challenge that we have to manage just like every other business that is going through margin compression and productivity expectations. But this company has a very strong culture of pay for performance. We all understand it. We are all part of it, and its just one of the risks of the business that we will have to continue to manage.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks John. Second question is for Chad. Does CHRW have any meaningful cost levers remaining to pull? Is it possible to drive further cost from the network or does further margin improvement now depend on volume increases and pricing?
Chad Lindbloom: As you know the bulk of our operating expenses are personnel. John, both in his prepared remarks as well as answering the last question covered a lot of the personnel expenses all focused on SG&A. We also believe we have some room to leverage our SG&A expenses in 2014. We have always aggressively managed our expenses and will continue to do so in the future. We have received some questions about Phoenix integration expenses doing away. From the time of the acquisition, we have said that people managing the integration are the leadership of the company, not external consultants or dedicated people. There are still significant ongoing integration work into 2014, both the systems as well as integrating the go to market strategy that John mentioned earlier. We believe we have a strong team that will now begin to focus more on the integration of sales and the go to market strategy and growth as the other integration efforts reduce. Our total SG&A expenses for 2013 including amortization was about $327 million or about $82 million per quarter. When you look at the pro forma Q4 2012, you will see that that was $80 million for the fourth quarter. Many of the SG&A expenses are predictable like rent, communication cost, depreciation, amortization, many others are far less predictable like claims and bad debt expense. Because of this, our SG&A expenses will continue to fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. In 2013, we had $74.3 million in the first quarter, $84.7 million in the fourth quarter. In Q1, we have low bad debt and claims expense. In Q4, we had relatively high bad debt and claims expense, so that made up – those two expense categories made up of our half the variance between the high and the low for the quarter. We feel like the average of $82 million is a good benchmark for 2014, it will fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter like it always has, I am sure and obviously the first quarter will be a relatively difficult comparison.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, Chad. The next question is for John. Your guidance assumes that gross margin stabilized. Do you think that it is – that is possible in 2014? Do you expect to meet your long-term EPS guidance of 7% to 12% this year?
John Wiehoff: I addressed this somewhat earlier, but obviously with the net revenue decline in January and continued margin compression with the run rate of increased expenses, it’s not realistic to assume that margins are going to stabilize or that we will achieve those long-term targets in the first part of 2014. So the answer would be no. We still do believe in that long-term target. And as I mentioned earlier through re-pricing efforts that can take a couple of quarters and better expense management throughout the year, we do believe that our earnings growth opportunity is much better in the second half of 2014 than it is in the first quarter.
Tim Gagnon: Okay, thanks John. The next question again for John, how did weather impact your business in the fourth quarter, what impact as that had quarter-to-date?
John Wiehoff: I mentioned in the sourcing area that a number of the crops that we buy and sell and distribute were impacted by weather throughout 2013. Some of those volumes were impacted in the fourth quarter as related to weather freezes and different things that happened. So there was definitely an impact in the sourcing business. In the transportation business, there were days in December and January, where you could correlate to really cold weather and the absence or decline of transportation volumes. In the past, we have always believed that most weather activities that volume would come back after a period of time, I don’t know in some of the January whether that was true or not, it does feel like some of the worst weather days in the month of January did diminish volumes pretty significantly, where there wasn’t a corresponding rebound to it. So that’s another thing that we will study more over time, but it does feel like weather was a contributor to some of our challenges over the last couple of months.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. The next question is for Chad, what are your growth expectations for Phoenix, which to us means Global Forwarding in 2014? Are there additional opportunities to benefit from the company’s increasing buying scale this year that did not benefit results in 2013?
Chad Lindbloom: Right. We have talked about the combined marketing and the increased focus on cross-selling and going to market with Phoenix in 2014. We believe that we will continue to add market share. So obviously a lot being a major player in the Trans-Pacific lane, a lot of how well we do and how quickly we grow will be dependent on how fast the market grows and we will – we also feel comfortable that we will continue to add market share. As far as leveraging the buy scale, yes, we think we still have some room to grow. The new ocean contracts went into effect in May of 2013. So for the first four months, we are operating under the old contracts of both Phoenix and C.H. Robinson. We think that these new contracts will continue to add the efficiency and we also feel like the more we get the two companies integrated from an operational perspective, we will find even greater opportunities to consolidate volume, to increase the profitability of our LCL business, which will create greater density and also continue to leverage the progress that we have made in our air gateways.
Tim Gagnon: Okay, thanks Chad. The next question again for Chad, can you discuss how CHRW did season with customers’ works namely when does it begin and end and is there a bellwether customer that sets market expectations for pricing?
Chad Lindbloom: Our transportation business is very fragmented or very diverse with the large number of customers. No transportation customer is greater than 3% of our business or greater than 2% actually. So there is no single bellwether customer that really signifies what we think rates are going to do. When you look at, I have read about the industry and when we look at our own contracts, 70% of contracts happened in the first half of the year or even in the first four or five months of the year. Obviously, shippers choose to bid when they feel it’s – when it’s advantageous. Sometimes shippers, even if contract expires, will continue to try to tender us rates under those old contracts. That is the point of view of the shippers. Robinson and almost all of our truckload contracts as well as the industry as a whole have the ability to raise prices during a contract. Obviously, every time you do that, you risk losing freight or creating a competitive situation, which could lead to lost freight. As John mentioned earlier, we are going to continue to focus and focus even harder on our pricing with our existing customers and we may lose some business through that, but we understand the need to address some of our lower margin business on a case-by-case basis with customers throughout 2014.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, Chad. So the next question is for John. North America truckload volume growth meaningfully decelerated in Q4 ‘14 or Q4 ‘13 to up to 6% versus 9% in Q3 despite a strong spot market, we think – we typically think of market volatility as a favorable environment for a broker to operate in as they generally benefit from additional spot market opportunities as large carrier capacity get soaked up. Were there factors that constrain CHRW’s ability to leverage the strong spot market last quarter to grow shipments? Do you think more of the spot market traffic is going to the brokerage arms of asset-based carriers?
John Wiehoff: So there is a lot of components to that question and it ties in briefly to what I talked about earlier that going into this year and currently we do have a very high volume of committed customer relationships. So when the market begins to tighten like this, it puts strain on those margins and on those commitments to serve as the customer commitments that we have out there. The transactional volume increases require a shipper that’s willing to pay more. They require available capacity to actually meet that transactional opportunity. And again, in our world, the boundaries between committed and contractual and transactional vary more than they would for an asset carrier, where it’s clear whose equipments the freight is moving on. So we do see an increase in transactional opportunities and spot bids and trades like that, that we are going after, but we are not as successful in adding significant volumes of transactional freight as we have been in periods of the past when the market begins to tighten. Whether the shippers are actually choosing to ship at a higher rate, at what degree they are doing that, we know some of it, whether we are winning as much share around that in the past or not, whether competition is the bigger factor, it’s hard to tell. If we are missing out on that freight, we don’t necessarily get informed, where it’s going whether it’s an asset-based competitor or another broker or where that freight might be going. So that’s something that we are definitely monitoring. And as our market conditions continue to change, it is a clear point of emphasis to make sure that we are pursuing transactional opportunities in addition to our committed freight.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks John. And the next question again for John, in your prepared remarks, you had indicated that truckload rates to customers increased 3.5% year-over-year while costs were up 5% year-over-year, how did these two measures trend in January? What percentage of CHRW book of business is currently operating under contractual agreements? When do these contracts predominantly end?
John Wiehoff: As I mentioned earlier that in January, the sort of preliminary estimates were more around pricing up – customer pricing up 5%, cost up 7%. And remember in our business, since we are working with predominantly meeting with small carriers who like a very fluid pricing arrangement that the vast majority of our truckload capacity is sourced on a fluid or spot market type basis, where the percentage of the freight that works with the customers is much more committed. Again, the definitions vary in each account, the definition of commitment and how long that last varies by each account. Most all of the contracts have 30-day notification periods, where as Chad mentioned earlier, we can propose different pricing, but then it all comes down to the load acceptance and the volumes on how each shipper and carrier in the marketplace are balancing the changing market conditions. So as I mentioned earlier, we revisit pricing daily. It is an hourly topic around here, around monitoring where we have margin issues, where we have losses and the pricing adjustment that it takes to correct those and it is thousands of unique relationships and account managers to figure out what is the right technique and timing in terms of adjusting those margins.
Tim Gagnon: Okay, thanks John. And the next one again for John, we saw some robust trucking activity in late November and for some of December and if the market tightness seems to be continuing in January. Isn’t this the type of market volatility during which you have historically enjoyed significant share gains? Do you feel that will be the case in Q1? How long does it typically take for your net revenue margin to stabilize after an inflection in truck demand?
John Wiehoff: When we look back over the last 10 or 20 years, assuming history is a relevant guide for how we will react and how we will be able to adapt these things. On average, it can take two to three quarters for pricing changes to go through. Now, it’s dependent upon the time of year, the severity of the tightening and the price increases. I don’t know if December and January is indicative of what 2014 will be like in its entirety or if things will escalate in terms of tightness, but it can take a quarter to at least to get through the more committed business and re-price some of that. And again how successful that is depends upon how well we anticipate the future market conditions. We have commented a lot over the last four years that with the increased pressure on a lot of our customers around their supply chain in the competitive factors, price increases are challenging to get through in today’s marketplace. That will continue to change as market conditions change, but if you look at the environment over the last four years, it does make for where, this is hopefully an inflection point and hopefully an opportunity to add more value to our customers, but it does take time to work through and probably two to three quarters would be the right guide from a historical standpoint.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. The next question is for Chad and a sourcing question. Do you expect your sourcing business to grow in 2014 at the 4% to 8% long-term rate you are expecting? Is there any other color you can give on the large customer you have lost in terms of dollars or impacts of overall net and margins as well as EPS?
Chad Lindbloom: Okay, I will start with the question about the overall impact of the large customer. It is our – they were our largest customer in sourcing and will likely be either customer number one or two after this. So I think it’s very important to understand that we did not lose the customer as John mentioned there are just certain commodities or that they are not going to order – that they don’t plan on ordering from us going forward. As far as quantifying that, it’s based on what we know today, it’s somewhere around 10% of the total sourcing net revenues. As John mentioned sourcing has a much more concentrated customer base for us and we did lose a significant portion of the customer, but expect that to be at least 10% of our net revenues. As far as well we grow at our long-term rate in 2014 that would be extremely difficult to achieve. Our sourcing division does have plans to return to positive growth even with this 10% headwind, but that is an admittedly aggressive plan. As far as operating margins and EPS, our sourcing division has operating margins about equal to the consolidated numbers. So really the answer to that question is how successful will they be at replacing the net revenues.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks Chad. The next question is for John and an intermodal question, are you interested in intermodal acquisitions, does the XPO, Pacer deal change, how you think about expansion in the intermodal space, if you aren’t looking for intermodal M&A, are you thinking about adding to your own container count. What else can you do to increase your presence in the intermodal segment of the market?
John Wiehoff: I started to discuss this earlier, I am looking at our results and we feel very positive about our knowledge of intermodal market, the relationship between truckload and intermodal and where it makes sense to ship by which mode of transportation and our ability to execute on an intermodal shipment. The challenge that we have or the growth opportunity that we have is in the more dense freight, the larger volume commitments where asset commitments do serve those relationships better. It just creates so much more operating efficiency that it’s very difficult to be price competitive if you don’t have that. So the answer to the question is yes we are interested in both, we are interested in looking at continuing to grow our organic capabilities with either more equipment commitments or dedicated drayage type solutions that will help solve that business or if the right acquisition opportunity comes along that we think will create value and be able to be well integrated into our culture that we would pursue that as well. So we are very interested and committed to growth in the intermodal space and are looking at both whatever type of investments that we could make to move us forward in that.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks John. Next question for Chad, CHRW recently lowered its long-term growth target, is the company planning on revisiting its long-term incentive compensation to reflect CHRW’s new targets to try to help employee morale retention?
Chad Lindbloom: We are constantly analyzing our compensation programs, balancing the variable cost model with the maintaining our employee base. So yes we spent a lot of time on this. When you look at the equity grants that were made to the leadership, so the top 350 or so people in the company basically branch managers although we have two executives and corporate directors, we did change the vesting formula for our equity. So instead of it being the average of operating income plus – the average of operating income and EPS plus 5%, we went to EPS plus 10%. Again this is just for the new awards. The vesting formula for the awards that were granted previously to December of 2013 stays at their original growth plus 5% formula. Last year so the – beginning last year so the awards done in 2012, which is the vast majority of the people, but a small amount of the total, relatively small amount of the total amount of the equity awards, we went to time-based with them as we have previously announced. So those more individual contributor and key up-and-coming leaders in the network, their equity awards are time-based. So we did adjust equity programs. We have not adjusted any of the other programs at this point.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, Chad. Unfortunately, we are out of time. I apologize that we couldn’t get to all the questions today. We appreciate you and thank you for taking a part in the call today. The call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the C.H. Robinson website at www.chrobinson.com. It will also be available by dialing (800) 406-7325 and entering the passcode 4660962#. The replay will be available at approximately 7 PM Eastern Time today. If you have additional questions, please feel free to call me at (952) 683-5007 or e-mail as well. Thank you again. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the C.H. Robinson’s fourth quarter 2013 conference call. Thank you for participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tim Gagnon - Director of Investor Relations and Analytics John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Chad M. Lindbloom - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Third Quarter 2013 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, November 6, 2013. I would like to turn the conference over to Tim Gagnon, the Director of Investor Relations.
Tim Gagnon: Thank you, Lou, and good morning. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, Chief Executive Officer; and Chad Lindbloom, our Chief Financial Officer. John and Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our third quarter, and we'll follow that with a response to pre-submitted questions that we've received after our earnings release yesterday afternoon. Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate our discussion. The slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is located at chrobinson.com. John and Chad will be referring to these slides in their prepared comments. I'd like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. And before I turn it over to John, I'd like to mention that similar to our quarter 1 and quarter 2 earnings releases, we have provided pro forma financial measures for net revenue and income from operations to provide meaningful insight and an alternative perspective of our results of operations. We believe that these pro forma financial measures reflect an additional way of analyzing aspects of our ongoing operation, that when viewed with our actual results, provides a more complete understanding of the factors and trends affecting our business. A reconciliation of actual results to pro forma numbers is provided in Appendix A, B and C at the end of our slide deck. With that, I'll turn it over to John to begin his prepared comments on Slide 3, with a review of our Q3 2013 results.
John P. Wiehoff: Okay, thank you, Tim, and thanks, everybody, for taking time to listen to our call this morning. If you look on that Slide 3 with the Q3 2013 results, just highlighting our top line enterprise metrics that we always refer to, total revenues were up 15.1% to $3.3 billion. Total net revenues grew at 7.1%. Income from operations decreased 5.8%, and earnings per share was down 4.2% to $0.69 per share. The total revenue of the company consisted of, the revenue growth consisted of approximately half acquired revenues and half organic growth from new business. The net revenue margin compression has been a significant topic that obviously was a challenge for us again in the quarter, and we'll be speaking to that across the various service lines. Another statement that we make upfront is that we continue to invest in the business and have confidence in our strategy. There's quite a bit of messages in here, and one of the things that we hope you understand and take away from this call is that we do have very strong disciplines around how and when we grow our business and how we add people and make the investments to those networks, and we continue to feel good about the choices we're making, our productivity and our profitability. And again, I'll walk you through more of that as the comments progress. Lastly, we referenced our accelerated share repurchase activity. One of our initiatives is to use our balance sheet, and we've disclosed in the past our accelerated share repurchase activity. Because that happened later in the quarter and because of some upfront costs, there was no meaningful impact from that transaction in the third quarter. But Chad will cover it in more detail, and we do expect some impact from that in future quarters. Turning to Page 4. Tim mentioned the fact that we share pro forma information. Last year, if you recall, we had the material transactions of acquiring Phoenix International and selling T-Chek. Primarily because we began immediately integrating Phoenix so that it is no longer a separate entity or distinguishable from our legacy global forwarding business, the only real meaningful way to look at pro forma activity is to adjust the 2012 activity to remove T-Chek from the entire year and to add the historical numbers for Phoenix into 2012. That's what Slide 4 is doing for the third quarter of 2013. What Slide 4 and those pro forma analytics would show you is that total revenues were up 7.6%, sort of confirming the comment I made earlier about half of the revenues being from organic growth. Net revenue was essentially flat. And as you see, the cost increases, the primary driver from a total spend standpoint is the 3.9% increase in personnel expenses. Personnel obviously continues to make up the majority of our cost structure, and it's the additional employees and the additional personnel expenses that are in excess of flat net revenues for the quarter. If you look down on the bottom and look at the percent of net revenue for the quarter, it's 38.1%. You see the reconciliation to last year of being around 41.2%. So while that decline in percent of net operating income as a percent of net revenue as laid out here, if you stick that on the bottom of the page, for the first 3 quarters of this year, that operating income as a percent of net revenue is 37%, 38.6% and this quarter, 38.1%. For those of you who have followed Robinson and understand our model and understand our business, we do have a number of productivity metrics and return metrics of how we invest, price, analyze our various services and how we manage the business. We have always stated and still believe today that, that metric is our primary productivity metric. If you think in a service business about the margins that you can earn and the activities that you can conduct in the marketplace and then primarily deploying people and technology to create value and to generate earnings for the corporation, while there are mix issues and different service line ratios that we monitor internally, overall, from an enterprise standpoint, we continue to feel pretty good about that operating income as a percent of net revenue. We also continue to believe that, that 38.1% represents a meaningful difference and improvement, or greater performance, from anybody else in the industry that we're aware of. So I know a lot of the questions that we've received throughout the quarter, and some of them around our third quarter results, continue to ask about our decision to invest in people and why are we adding heads when we're not growing our earnings. Hopefully, as you listen through the comments and understand the various components of our business, you'll understand that we still believe very much and very strongly in the productivity levels of our business, the high returns of our business, and we're going to continue to make those investments so that in other parts of the cycle, we'll be able to grow our earnings more aggressively and create more shareholder value. Turning to Page 5, Slide 5, talking about our transportation results. Transportation revenues for the quarter were up 17.8%. Net revenue margin decreased to 14.9% for the total transportation business. If you look at the 10-year chart that we've been showing for the last couple of years, down on the bottom, it shows the comparison sequentially and year-over-year, obviously, highlighting the fact that 14.9% does represent the low end of the range for that period of time. So margin compression does continue to be a significant challenge for us, as I've said many times, driven by a different attitude by shippers, a different approach towards supply chain and a more competitive marketplace. That 14.9% for the quarter and the decline over the year, as it says on the bottom, was slightly greater for our truckload services, particularly in North America, as the mix for international air and ocean and the ocean margins, in particular for global forwarding, improved the margins and the mix shift would have -- the deterioration in truckload would be offset slightly by the mix and the improvement in the ocean margins. Moving then to Slide 6, talking specifically about those truckload margins. Net revenues for the quarter decreased 1.3%, volume increasing 13%. Volume in North America for truckload increased 9%. As we've looked at and tried to analyze the various ways that we can talk about our truckload margins and try to give insight into what we see is happening in the industry and what we see happening in our business, we've kind of settled in that we think the most relevant metrics are highlighting what we're seeing in our overall cost of hire versus how we are able to or unable to pass those costs through to our customers. What we've shared for the third quarter of 2013, that overall, we have a 4% increase in cost per mile in our cost of hire for the quarter. In addition, the increase in the truckload rate per mile to our customers was about 2%. We know that across the industry, a 2% increase is probably more normal or more typical to what a lot of truckload carriers or other providers have experienced, so we believe our customer pricing continues to reflect the market conditions and reflect market-based pricing that we're able to pass along to our customers. The 4% increase in our cost of hire, we've studied that and believe there are a number of factors influencing it. Maybe first and foremost is the fact that we did see a more meaningful increase in our cost of hire on our longer length of haul shipments. Because we subcontract all of our services, we don't know the exact cost structure or why the carriers chose to price to us the way they did. But it would be very logical that on those longer length of hauls, that the hours of service requirements and the cost structure for those carriers that provide those services increased more significantly, resulting in more aggressive cost increases for us on our longer length of haul, which contributed to more meaningful margin compression for truckload during the quarter. We also know that as shippers look at their supply chains more aggressively, that for many of them, and for our business, the average length of haul continues to shrink. So that as we see this continued lessening in the average length of haul in our truckload activity, a much greater proportion of our 13% volume growth did come with shorter length of haul, which also impacts the margin and the rate compression. So those are the comments that we think are most relevant to help you understand what we're experiencing in our business and how we're responding to it. We have always highlighted the idea or the notion that the increase in the cost of hire and our timing and our ability to pass those on to the shippers has always varied. We've talked a lot about our longer-term customer commitments and how in a balanced market over the last 3 years that our customer relationships have generally trended towards longer-term commitments and a greater percentage of committed freight. And we think that continues to happen, which also plays into the component of our timing and passing through those costs. Moving then to Slide 7, about our LTL results. Net revenue for LTL increased 4.4% in the quarter on volume of 5%. Our comments there about carrier cost increasing, while we don't see the significant changes or variations in the cost of hire or the capacity environment in LTL, like we do in truckload, I do think it's worth noting that we do also see a fairly balanced market and meaningful cost increases in the LTL environment. And from a competitive standpoint, we do believe it's true that there are many more 3PLs that are in the LTL channel today aggressively marketing those services. So we do continue to feel that while the LTL market dynamics are different than truckload, that it, too, remains a fairly competitive environment, and that's part of the reason why the timing of cost increases and pass-through to customers continues to remain under some pressure. Moving to Slide 8, about our intermodal results. Net revenue increased 1.3% for the quarter. As we've talked in past quarters, this is a service line where we don't have the same scale advantage, and we have not been as successful passing through cost increases or taking market share as we have been in other services. We do feel, though, that we are very capable and do have a lot of success of adding value in the right customer situations, particularly multimodal situations, where we're taking advantage of both truck and rail services and applying them where it most appropriately works with the customer. We do continue to look at moving our mix of business to ensure that we're not only adding value to the customer, but that we're managing our own margins and profitability. So while we had a slight decrease in our volume, our net revenue margin actually improved, as the mix of business for our intermodal business improved. Moving to Slide 9, on our global forwarding services. Slide 9 indicates the breakdown of the actual reported results for ocean, air and customs activity. I won't comment much on Page 9, because those large increases are generally reflective of the acquired business of Phoenix International coming into C.H. Robinson and showing those large increases. What it does show, though, is that with almost $50 million of net revenue for the quarter in our ocean business, it does show the scale that we've been able to achieve in the combined businesses for our consolidated results. And as we indicated down below, we're predominantly involved in the ocean business, and more specifically, the trans-Pacific eastbound from China and all of Asia to North America, where based on some public rankings, we were the #1 NVO in the third quarter. So from the standpoint of our market presence and our scale, looking at the combined results is relevant on Page 9, and we continue to feel good about the scale of our business and our presence in the marketplace in global forwarding. Moving to Slide 10 then, as we have some more specific comments about the Phoenix integration and the status of our network combinations. Again, similar to the earlier pro forma numbers, what this is doing is adding the prior year Phoenix net revenue into 2012. As I mentioned earlier, we're already operating under a combined business. So this is the most meaningful way to look at it. It shows a 3.8% net revenue increase for the third quarter of 2013. In addition to that, we feel very good about the investments we're making to combine the network and improving the operations and the results of the 2 businesses. On the last couple of calls, I've given a more thorough update of our integration initiatives and where we're at. As you probably have seen, a couple of weeks from now at our Investor Day, we're also planning for a more thorough update and Q&A with Stephane, our leader of the global forwarding business. So I won't go into a lot of detail here, but will really sort of recap the notion that we continue to feel very positive about the acquisition of Phoenix International and our integration success for year 1. Some of the highlights of that year 1 integration. As I've mentioned before, the focus was really to combine the service contracts and drive the scale initiatives in year 1, combine the leadership teams and the networks and make sure that we have one combined business, establish our agent network, eliminate any duplicate agents and make sure that we have a presence around the entire globe beyond our owned offices and retain those employees and customers. For those of you who have followed this industry, we've talked about, and everyone knows, that the history of integration in larger global forwarding acquisitions has not been that successful for many companies. It was our and my primary commitment that we weren't going to let that happen and we were going to stay focused on making sure that we took care of our customers, took care of our employees and grew the business in a positive way. And we feel very good about the year 1 success of what our network looks like today, what our leadership team is doing and the fact that we've been able to, in a pretty challenging market environment for global forwarding services, not only retain, but grow our business and set ourselves up for better success in the future. We've also mentioned, and you will hear more detail in a couple of weeks, about what we have left to do. While we feel good about identifying the process gaps and the technology functionality that we needed to change to integrate onto one platform, we still have the conversion of much of that business left to execute during 2014. While we've had some limited cross-selling initiatives on some joint accounts, we're also looking forward to being on one platform with one network and more aggressively cross-selling in the future and also taking better advantage of some freight consolidation and routing opportunities, and then obviously, squeezing the productivity over time to make sure that we continue to contribute to the bottom line and EPS, as that acquisition matures as well, too. We've said upfront and still continue to believe that it's going to be the better part of a 2-year integration exercise, but feel like year 1 was a success and are looking forward to the future. Moving to Slide 11, around other logistic services. Again, this represents the non-transportation or transportation management warehouse and small parcel revenues, 22.8% increase in net revenues for the quarter. This, again, represents another area where we continue to invest and feel good about the expanded value that we're adding to the customers, as well as the opportunity in the future to continue to add value in greater and more integrated ways. When we talk about the investments in our other logistics services, those would generally consist in the double-digit increase in technology spending that we are incurring this year, despite the fact that our net revenues are relatively flat, along with some start-up and integration costs on more integrated longer-term customer relationships that profitability for those relationships tends to improve over time. And we continue to ramp up and invest aggressively in new relationships that we think will provide a lot of value to us and our shareholders over time. Last page of my prepared comments, on the Sourcing results. You see a 9.5% reduction in net revenues for the quarter. As we've highlighted there, there were some weather issues that really impacted some of the products that we buy and sell and distribute, particularly melons and some of the other categories that we're able to add a lot of value to. We also had some challenges with some lost business in the Sourcing division. And lastly, just highlighting a positive, we do continue to see some good growth and some growth opportunities in the food service vertical, where selling and distributing fresh foods and vegetables to restaurant chains and other food service type businesses is an area that we think we have continued growth opportunities in. With that, I will turn it over to Chad for Page 13 and some commentary on our financial activities.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Thanks, John. On Slide 13, we're going to cover some cash flow and balance sheet information. We have a strong operating cash flow in the second quarter 2013, although it might not look like it comparing it to the -- or the third quarter of 2013, although it might not look like it comparing to the third quarter of 2012. 2012 third quarter is a tough comparison. Our gross revenues between quarter 2 of 2012 and quarter 3 of 2012 fell sequentially, which drove a sequential drop in our accounts receivable. That obviously had a positive impact on operating cash flow. This year, we did not experience a sequential drop in gross revenues and did not have that decline in our accounts receivable. But when you look at where it turned out for the quarter, it exceeded net income and it was right in line with our benchmark of having operating cash flow match net income in most quarters. Again, although the year-to-date cash flows look low compared to last year, it's important to remember that in quarter 1 of this year, our operating cash flows were impacted by a $100 million tax payment related to last year's sale of T-Chek. It was basically the tax on the gain -- the taxable gain when we divested T-Chek last year. Moving on to CapEx. Our capital expenditures are within the plan we outlined earlier this year. We continue to believe we will have approximately $50 million to $55 million of CapEx, including the construction of another office building on our campus in Minnesota, which will replace a facility we are currently leasing. We ended the quarter with $850 million of debt. As previously announced this quarter, we borrowed $500 million in a private placement transaction. The proceeds were used to enter into an accelerated share repurchase with 2 different banks. Moving on to Slide 14. I will cover that accelerated share repurchase, as well as our other repurchase activity for the year in a little more detail. We repurchased approximately 1.2 million shares through daily share repurchase activities at an average price of $57.26 during the quarter. Year-to-date, excluding the accelerated share repurchase, we have returned approximately $387 million in total to our shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. We expect to continue this practice of targeting 90% to 100% of our net income, on average, over time, return to our shareholders. In addition to our ongoing share repurchase activity, we entered into $500 million worth of accelerated share repurchase agreements with 2 banks. We entered into these agreements on August 26. Under the terms of the agreements, the banks collectively delivered approximately 6.1 million shares upfront. This amount of shares represents approximately 70% of the shares expected to be delivered, based on the trading price of the stock when the agreements became effective. The final number of shares acquired under these programs will be based on the average VWAP, or volume-weighted average price, less an agreed-upon discount during the duration of the program. The banks have the discretion to terminate the plans between December 11, 2013 and April 16, 2014. The net shares due will be delivered to us at the termination of the agreements. Our current share count is reduced by the 6.1 million shares. The balance will impact our share count upon delivery. Based on the VWAP from the initiation of the program through October 31, the 2 banks collectively would deliver approximately 2.4 million shares. This amount will be impacted based on the VWAP of the stock between now and the termination of the plan, and we're giving you this number as an example only. Once the program is complete and the final shares are delivered, we expect the ASR transaction, net of the incremental interest expense, to be accretive by approximately $0.02 per share, per quarter. However, the ASR, as John mentioned, did not impact EPS for the year quarter. This is due to the timing of the transaction being relatively late in the quarter and due to the fact that we have professional fees of approximately $600,000 related to the ASR and the debt agreements. With that, I will turn it back to John for some closing prepared comments.
John P. Wiehoff: Okay, on Slide 15, which is the last slide that we'll have prepared comments to. Beyond that are some of the appendixes and reconciliations for anybody who wants to better understand or check the math on some of the pro forma calculations. But in terms of a look ahead, the third-party logistics business and ours, there's been a couple of key metrics that have always been what has driven our success and we believe drives our competitors as well, too. If you look at the buy-sell margins or the net revenue margins in the marketplace, that is a significant driver of what's happening with our growth and our profitability. Beyond that, if you look at the, as I mentioned earlier, the deployment of people and technology and the operating expenses and how efficient are you at generating income, that would be the kind of the second component of a service business like ours and looking at how you're doing. There's no question, as I laid out on the earlier slide, that our net revenue margins and our buy-sell margins in the marketplace have come under pressure the last several years. And we do see that while -- our first bullet point is repeating what I said a quarter ago, that when we look ahead at the marketplace conditions, what we're seeing in October and what we're experiencing in our business, that it is going to be difficult for us to grow our earnings in the fourth quarter of 2013. In addition, some of the comments I made earlier about when we look at how is our business performing and what are the choices that we're making as a team to respond to this environment and what are we doing, tried to highlight those on Page 15 here around, first and foremost, continuing to go after market share gains. That has been questioned by a number of people, why would you continue to add to your network, why would you hire people, why would you continue to go after market share when margins are compressing? As I laid out for your earlier, we continue to believe that we have industry-leading productivity, that the business is performing at a very high level, that it's a smart decision and a good long-term decision to continue to go after market share and grow our business. And we've always managed under the understanding that while we will do some things to optimize our margins and manage what the marketplace gives to us, that there are a lot of larger supply and demand and competitive forces in the marketplace that are less in our control. And we do believe that there continues to be significant long-term opportunity to add value. One of the trade-offs of the increased competition, and tighter marketplace conditions, are the fact that we think supply chain and transportation matters as much as ever, and we continue to feel very good about the opportunities in the marketplace. And once we see some margin stabilization, we think we will be able to improve the growth of our earnings and strengthen the value creation in the future. So when we think about how we're managing and how we continue to invest in our business, going after market share gains and continuing to sell and driving productivity initiatives, despite the fact that we have what we believe is industry-leading productivity, we have many initiatives and continue to look at the deployment of technology and the improvement of our processes to continue to make that better and sustain our leadership position from a profitability and return perspective in the industry. Our global forwarding network, I talked about how we have invested and will continue to invest in the long-term integration initiatives of technology, office network and agent alignment, to continue to make sure that we are well-positioned for the future there. The European network, Bryan Foe, our President of Europe, will be presenting a couple of weeks from now to give a little bit more information and perspective around the offices we've opened and the opportunity that we see in Europe, both in surface transportation as well as global forwarding and the other logistic services that we're offering. Our management services, those of you who have had the chance to visit, and I mentioned earlier, the technology investment and the types of transportation management initiatives that we're working on, that customers and the demand in the marketplace feels as high as ever. That's another example of a growth initiative that we are spending on, that we think will continue to have very high returns and a positive impact for us in the future. And lastly, talking about the points that Chad mentioned around utilizing our balance sheet, optimizing our capital structure and making sure that we're exploring growth through acquisition and having the right type of balance sheet to support our growth, is something that we feel is a competitive strength and that we will continue to focus on. So while we're not happy with an EPS decline for the quarter, and we don't think some of the comparison challenges are over and we know we've got a rough environment to continue to deal with, I really do feel the conviction to the long-term value of what we're doing, and I feel like we've laid out for you why we're doing what we're doing and how we're approaching it. And there will be more information and more presentation from our senior leaders, who are leading up each of those initiatives, a couple of weeks from now in the Investor Day, which will also be webcast for people to listen to. So with that, that ends the prepared comments on our deck that was sent out with the earnings release. I want to thank all of you for the good questions that were submitted. Tim has accumulated them, and we'll now move to the question-and-answer portion of our call this morning.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. And as mentioned, thank you to everybody who submitted questions. We have a lot of them, so I'll do my best to keep us moving and cover as many as possible in the next 25 minutes or so. So I'm going to jump right into it. And the first question is for John. And I'm going to try to read these questions as they were asked, just to try to make sure that we answer the questions pretty specifically. So the first question, again, to John. After a number of quarters of disappointing growth, do you believe there's been a structural shift in your business that means your earnings growth rate will be lower in a more permanent way?
John P. Wiehoff: This is a question that we have received quite a bit the last 3 years and will address more specifically a couple of weeks from now in our Investor Day. But we do feel that there has been some changes in the marketplace, obviously, around how shippers are handling their supply chain. And as we have acknowledged, and all of you have acknowledged numerous times, many of the services being much more competitive in the marketplace. I don't think all of the structural shifts are necessarily permanent. The contracting supply chains, the focus on efficiency versus growth, I do think that while those are -- have been here for a number of years and likely aren't going to go away in the next couple of quarters, that hopefully, there will be periods of time in the future where supply chains are extending and companies are more focused on growth initiatives or looking at the marketplace different. So while we will be investing in our business and we still feel that double-digit growth goals in the long term are attainable for us, we would acknowledge that there has been some changes in the marketplace over the last couple of years that have impacted our earnings growth rates and will for the future.
Tim Gagnon: Okay, the next question is for Chad. And again, I'll read this verbatim here. Traditional CHRW has incentivized branches to grow net revenue, and for only the fifth time since 2001, we saw net revenue declined sequentially in Q3, despite a sequential increase in gross revenue, which occurred in a relatively static demand environment. Has something changed in CHRW's incentive compensation that would cause this type of behavior? Our impression was that employees see profitability metrics before booking a load. Has this changed? Is management considering other measures to get more aggressive about repricing unprofitable business?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Okay, the core financial incentives have stayed consistent within our branches, and they're all based on one measure of profitability or another. Sometimes it's net revenue. Sometimes it's pretax, pre-bonus profits of the branch that they work in. So there has been no material shift in our profit incentives. We have talked at great length in recent quarters about the impacts of the market and its impacts to our net revenue margins, primarily in truckload. However, our branches have continued to focus on adding market share for the long-term success of the company and being able to grow faster in better environments, as John highlighted just recently. All of our business is priced with the intention of it being profitable. However, we are usually committing to move loads at a specific rate to customers, both in spot and committed business, before we know the exact price we're going to pay the carrier. Obviously, this causes us to have net revenue margins different than we would have planned it. Our branches are consistently looking at their book of business and consistently pricing freight when they think it's warranted, including if we are losing money on an overall customer relationship. At times, we will lose some business based on this repricing activity, but it's important to understand that we take a longer-term view of that and look at the relationship with the customer as a whole over time and understand that part of our business model of committing to pricing to customers in advance of knowing the cost of capacity means we will lose money on loads, and we do lose money on a small number of loads, a relatively small number of loads every day. I think with all those comments, it's also important to realize that even in this difficult environment, we haven't been able to grow our net revenues as fast as our volumes. We have seen compression in our net revenue margins, as well as our operating margins, operating income to net -- as measured by operating income to net revenue. But I think it's also important to realize that they still are industry-leading metrics. So back to one of John's comments is we do have a very profitable business. We are managing the profitability, but we have to continue -- or we believe it's best to continue to focus on expanding our market share and growing the business for the long-term shareholder value.
Tim Gagnon: The next question is for John. And the question is, why does CHRW continue to invest in headcount to grow its truck brokerage volume when the gross margin remains under significant pressure?
John P. Wiehoff: So as I said in my prepared comments, and all these kind of tie together, so this is probably the last question we'll take under this theme, but it really is kind of the recurring theme of when you analyze Robinson and its performance for the last 3 years, there is no question in our minds that net revenue margin compression is the #1 challenge and the #1 earnings headwind and topic that we have. If you look at $9 billion or whatever our revenues are for the quarter, and more than half of that being North America truckload and after the last 3 or 4 years, more than a 5% margin compression on that buy-sell relationship, if you look at the margin differential and the pressure that, that's put on our business, that clearly, in our minds, is the foundation of why we've had a difficult time to grow our earnings. Separately, when you look at our people, our network, our value add, our service levels, our headcount, we think those metrics are pretty strong today. And we continue to drive them, and we continue to think that we can add value by taking market share, increasing our scale and preparing ourselves for more favorable environments to grow our earnings. The question around why do we continue to add people and aggressively go after share, that's certainly a valid question that you can ask of us. I think it's profitable business. As Chad said, we know in the long term, scale is a very important thing for us. It provides a lot of value around the growth and continuity of our team internally. And I believe that if you understand that basically the entire supply side of the truck stuff reprices fairly aggressively, that if we were not aggressively going after market share and looking to add people, it's not like our static business would have remained equally profitable and that we would have had flat net revenue with flat volumes. We have to get incremental volume in this type of an environment to replace that net revenue that we lose on the business -- on the current book of business where the margin compresses. So while I understand it's a valid question, from our point of view, there really is not a lot of critical thinking around whether or not it makes sense to continue to go after market share in this environment. And we do believe that we're doing it pretty efficiently and profitably.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. The next question relates to our global forwarding business. And I will tackle these because it's a couple of quick questions around some correlations, I think, to our truckload business or some of the metrics that we've shared in the past. So really, 2 questions are weaved together. The first is, how much of your ocean and air capacity is accessed on a spot basis and how much on a contracted basis? And what is the typical length of the contract for ocean and air capacity? And so the answer there, really, is a little bit different for air and ocean. About half of our air freight is committed or on block space agreements from a capacity standpoint. And then within the ocean service, almost all of our -- nearly all of our space is committed around block space. And the typical contract is an annual contract with the providers there. And again, the related question, if you put the perspective to the customer aside, how much of your ocean and air business is priced to the customer on a contracted basis and how much is on a spot market basis? And the answer here is in the air and ocean, or in the forwarding business, a good percentage, nearly all of our business has some level of agreement with, or commitment to, with customers. Similar to agreements with customers in our truckload business, those agreements are typically annual agreements, and the pricing really occurs more on the customer terms. So not necessarily a January 1 through December 31 agreement, it's more based on customer terms there and some of the seasonality of the forwarding business. So I'm going to move on to our next question here. And this question will be for Chad. And the question is, what drove the year-over-year acceleration in North America truckload rate per mile, plus 4% in 3Q '13? Truckload market pricing during 3Q '13 only improved slightly for public TL carrier rate per mile and other pricing metrics. Curious as to why CHRW saw such a dramatic increase in its truckload purchased transportation cost during the quarter. Was mix or hours of service change a factor in driving the pricing up significantly?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Thanks, Tim. And I think John covered this pretty well in his prepared remarks, but I'll give some answers or some additional color. When you look at our mix of business and how it is changing, one of the biggest things we're seeing is our average length of haul continues to decline. That being said, we still have, on average, a pretty long length of haul. So when you look at our overall rate per mile on our purchased transportation increasing faster than the market as a whole, part of that is that shift towards us growing in the shorter haul. Shorter-haul business, on an average, has a higher rate per mile than long-haul business. So our volume in our short-haul business in North America, and short-haul being defined as less than 250 loads, was up approximately 15% during the quarter. So that increase of that mix is a significant contributor to our above overall market rate per mile increase. On the other end of the spectrum, we still do have a significant amount of long-haul truckload freight. Hours of service, we believe, had a disproportionate impact on that long-haul freight because of the multi-day, sometimes 3-day, 4-day shipment times of that freight, and the new rules have definitely impacted the efficiency of the longer-haul carriers or at least the longer-haul loads, disproportionately to the marketplace as a whole. The publicly held truckload carriers tend to have at least proportionately less long-haul freight than we do and have a significantly shorter average length of haul than we do.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. Thanks, Chad. So the next question also in the truckload area, and this is for John. CHRW saw improved North America truckload volume growth year-over-year during 3Q '13. What were your factors in accelerated growth? Were there more opportunities in the market, given hours of service rule change, or were there other drivers of accelerated North America truckload volume?
John P. Wiehoff: I probably danced around this question a little bit already, but in terms of going after that North America market share and how we were successful at growing our volume, there's no question that volume activity does bounce around and comps can have a little bit to do with that, in terms of our growth rate. I believe that we went after market share in the third quarter very similarly to how we always do, which is adding people to the network, aggressively selling and going out in the marketplace. So I don't think there was anything particularly unusual or different. We did, for the first time during parts of the quarter, see some of the metrics that we track around route guide depth and the supply and demand relationship in the marketplace, we did see a very minor amount of tightening during the quarter, which could have contributed to some incremental spot market or freight opportunities. It's not anything that begins a trend and it's bounced around a lot during the quarter. And it could be, as many of us have discussed, more from contraction on the supply side rather than absolute freight demand in the marketplace. But there could have been some minor tightening during portions of the quarter that helped accelerate the volume growth.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. The next question again to John. What are your thoughts on the direction of truckload net revenue margins? Do you think we've hit the bottom or are competitive dynamics such that you think there's more pressure ahead?
John P. Wiehoff: I think this has probably been the core source of frustration, both internally and externally. I know for those of you who are trying to understand and forecast our earnings, none of us knows when truckload margins will hit bottom. There's been a number of times over the last couple of years where we've hoped we were there and we hope we're there again now. We try to be candid about the fact that even when we do hit a bottom on the margin compression, that there's probably some lingering comparisons that will continue for a period of time. So it's hard to say. As I outlined earlier, there's shippers' attitudes, there's fundamental changes in the supply chain, there's competitive pressures, both from other 3PLs and from the fact that carriers themselves are more reluctant to add equipment and more inclined to try to subcontract or broker equipment themselves as well, too. So those dynamics do create and have obviously created some interesting challenges for us. If you look at the magnitude of margin compression that's already occurred in the last 3 or 4 years and what it takes to operate a business, we're hoping that we're getting to the bottom of the cycle, but we've always been very open with the fact that it changes daily and it's very difficult to forecast or predict. If we knew, we would share it with you, but we will continue to react to the marketplace and adjust our business the best we can.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. Thanks, John. So the next question, I will respond to. The question is, what percentage -- what percent of your trucking business is moved by large carriers with 1,000 truck fleets or larger? And the simple answer to that is about 5% of our year-to-date truckload shipments, that's through September 30, are with large carriers with greater than 1,000 trucks. That's a pretty consistent number for us over our historical performance as well. The next question transitions into a question around our Sourcing business. This is for Chad. And the question is, you noted in your earnings release a loss of commodity business with a large customer. Can you speak to what caused the loss and what are your thoughts for this segment going forward?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Sure. We did mention that there was 2 primary -- 2 biggest drivers of the net revenue decline were the loss of a couple of commodities with one of our large customers. In that case, the customer has gone direct on a couple of different commodities and that impact -- this was the first quarter of the implementation, so it probably wasn't fully implemented at the beginning of the quarter. But that impact should be there primarily for the next 3 quarters, with maybe a little bit in next year's third quarter, since it happened during the quarter. In addition to that, there was a weather impact that we talked about, and those should be -- I can't call them onetime, because there's going to be other bad weather quarters, I'm sure, in the future, but they are pretty infrequent thing that you wouldn't expect to repeat themselves.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, Chad. Well, moving on to a question around the LTL business, and this question is for John. Clarification on commentary around LTL marketing being competitive. Other LTL players have been suggesting that pricing is pretty rational in this segment of the market. Does your net revenue margin pressure mean that you're having to pay more than expected for access to capacity or are there some other considerations we may be missing?
John P. Wiehoff: When we look at the LTL service line in comparison to truckload, in particular, in North America, which is where the bulk of the revenue comes from right now, while we rely on close to 50,000 carriers for all of our capacity and many of them being much smaller, as Tim answered in the earlier comment, in the LTL world, just based upon the industry landscape, there are a couple of hundred LTL carriers that make up in the high 90% of the capacity that is available in North America and what we would rely on. The pricing and the competitive dynamics are very different in the LTL world. We do feel like we have consistent and good access to those relationships and that capacity that's out there. As I mentioned earlier, the LTL area is something where the routing and the tendering and the processes and the technology have a significant impact on what is the most efficient answer for any given customer or any given shipment out there. And we do continue -- I think this is probably the area where technology and 3PL competitors continue to improve and increase. And while we feel very confident about what we think is an industry-leading position and ability to add value, we do see more competitive pressures in the LTL arena as well, too. And really, the -- again, the origin of the comment in the deck was more around making the point that when we think about margin compression and the confirmation that some of the marketplace conditions really are about a different approach from shippers to their transportation spend and how they're thinking about their logistics, that for us, LTL gets included in that margin compression challenge.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. The next question is for the intermodal service line, and this question is for Chad. What is your general intermodal strategy? How much are you exposed to international versus domestic intermodal? Why are you seeing volume declines when the intermodal market is growing? How many of your own containers do you now have? And what is the plan going forward?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Okay. Our intermodal strategy is almost entirely focused on domestic shipments. So 53-foot boxes versus the inland portion of our -- of ocean containers. Most of the larger steamship lines manage those inland ocean container movements on their own. And in fact, even when we have, for example, L.A. to Chicago, ocean container continuation on the rail, we're usually relying on the steamship line to provide that repositioning service. Occasionally, we do help the steamship lines by loading domestic freight into 40-foot containers to help them reposition them back to the ports. But primarily, we're focusing on business that is dedicated domestic intermodal and focusing on looking for opportunities to convert truckload freight to intermodal, both on a permanent basis and on more of a transactional, market-by-market basis. We currently own about 1,000 -- or we currently own 1,000 -- I should correct myself, 998 containers. We've had 2 destroyed, but as far as how many containers will we have in the future, we're continuously assessing our needs on our capacity in that arena. We do not currently have any outstanding plans to order any containers, but all of that could shift in the future.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. Thanks, Chad. And the next question again is for Chad. And it is, is there any reason why CHRW keeps so much cash on its balance sheet, even though the company now has access to a credit revolver? Have management's priorities for deploying excess cash changed?
Chad M. Lindbloom: That is a good question and one that I understand why people could be confused by. We don't have immediate access to all the cash in our balance sheet. There's a significant -- over half of that cash that's on the September balance sheet is in foreign bank accounts. In some cases, there's foreign currency controls on releasing that money. And in some cases, there's tax consequences into repatriating that earnings. That being said, we are looking at all of our foreign cash balances and have been and will continue to look for ways to minimize the amount of cash overseas. In addition to that, the majority of the cash that is on the balance sheet is made up of recent collections. When we receive checks from our customers, we are not able to invest and/or pay back debt with that money until the corresponding bank has funded the money to our bank. So basically, it's the float on deposits, plus the cash that's tied up in foreign bank accounts.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. Thank you. The next question is for John. And it is, how much would you be willing to use your balance sheet to engage in M&A activity? Is there a certain leverage target beyond which you are not comfortable?
John P. Wiehoff: I think as I talked earlier about, we are using our balance sheet in making sure that we have a optimum capital structure to try to create value and improve our earnings going forward. But what I like about this question and I think is relevant is that we have always, and still today, from an M&A perspective, consider any opportunity that we think can create value or improve Robinson's position in the marketplace, and that's exactly the attitude that we would have going forward. I don't believe there's ever been a financial limitation, and I don't think there will be in the future, in terms of the type of M&A activity that we would explore. So while we are taking on some leverage, we do not intend to ever become a highly leveraged company or to have an inordinate amount of debt. But it is our plan for the foreseeable future, that as we explore M&A opportunities, that we will have all the financial freedom that we need to do whatever makes sense, and that we'll continue to use dividends and share repurchases for the optimization of the capital structure. In our business, as I talked earlier around global forwarding and kind of the market share gains that we're going after, it's incredibly important that you have consistent and good service experiences with your customers and that you don't disrupt things by -- or destroy your culture by integrating too fast or too aggressively and inappropriately. And so the real throttle on our acquisition activity is how fastly we think we can integrate and assimilate businesses into our culture without disrupting the service levels to our customers.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Yes, as far as a little more specifics on the debt leverage, the question actually said EBITDA -- or total debt-to-EBITDA. Today, we're a little bit over 1. We're going to use our ongoing share repurchase activities to try to manage the business to somewhere between 1 and 1.5 leverage ratio on that measure. As far as where would we limit it, today we feel like we would limit it at about 2.5x, which if we were rated, we're not rated today, but if we were rated, we think that would maintain a BBB or better rating, which is kind of where we're drawing the line. We want to stay investment grade. We need financial viability in the marketplace. It's very important to our customers and our carriers. So based on that, if we needed more debt for an acquisition, we have approximately $1 billion of capacity today. Obviously, we could do things with equity if we exceeded that need in an acquisition opportunity.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. Thank you, John and Chad. Unfortunately, we're out of time. We apologize that we couldn't get to all of the questions today. We want to thank you for participating in our third quarter 2013 conference call. This call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the C.H. Robinson website at www.chrobinson.com. It will also be available by dialing 1(800) 406-7325 and entering the passcode 4642488#. The replay will be available a bit later on this morning. If you have additional questions, please feel free to call me, Tim Gagnon, at (952) 683-5007 or by e-mail at tim.gagnon@chrobinson.com. Thank you.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-06 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Gagnon - Director of Investor Relations and Analytics John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Chad M. Lindbloom - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the C.H. Robinson Second Quarter 2013 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Tuesday, August 6, 2013. Now I would like to turn the conference over to Tim Gagnon, the Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Gagnon: Thank you, Vince, and thank you -- and on our call today will be John Wiehoff, our Chief Executive Officer and Chad Lindbloom, our Chief Financial Officer. John and Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our second quarter and will follow that up with the response to pre-submitted questions that we've received after our earnings release this afternoon. If time allows -- I'm sorry, I was going to comment about opening up to live questions but with the number questions that we received, it's likely that it will be difficult for us to get to live questions. We also will be referencing prepared slides as part of the call today. The slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is located at chrobinson.com. John and Chad will be referring to these slides in their prepared comments. I'd like to remind you that the comments made by John and Chad or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. Before I turn it over to John, I'd like to reiterate a couple of changes in the earnings release on the slide deck. First, we've separate our truckload and less-than-truckload services to provide more detail to the area we formerly called truck. We've also provided a schedule with historical perspective for LTL and truckload revenues as well as for customs, which was formerly bundled in the other logistics services line. That historical reference can be found in the Appendix C in the slide deck, the very last slide in the deck. Also with the impact of our purchase of Phoenix International and the divestiture of T-Chek in 2012, and similar to our quarter 1 earnings release, we have provided pro forma financial measures for net revenue and income from operations to provide meaningful insight and an alternative perspective of our results of operations. We believe that these pro forma financial measures reflect an additional way of analyzing aspects of our ongoing operations that, when viewed with our actual results, provides a more complete understanding of the factors and trends affecting our business. A reconciliation of actual results to pro forma numbers is provided in appendix A and B at the end of the slide deck. With that, I'll turn it over to John to begin his prepared comments on Slide 3 with a review of our quarter 2, 2013 results.
John P. Wiehoff: Thank you, Tim, and thanks, everyone, who's taken time to listen to the call today. As Tim suggested, on Page 3, we've got our enterprise results for the second quarter of 2013. For our total revenues, the increase for the quarter 11.3% to 3.2 [Audio Gap] both the income from operations and the earnings per share decreased a little over 1%. If you look at total revenues for the year-to-date for the first 2 quarters, they increased 14.1% to $6.2 billion. If you look at our gross revenue increase for the first half of the year, we increased roughly $775 million and we're reasonably happy with our top-line revenue performance and our market share gains, about half of that revenue growth came from acquired revenue and about half came from organic growth. Similar to the quarter, year-to-date both income from operations and earnings-per-share were down, rounded 1% down, and we're obviously less happy with our ability to increase our earnings off of those revenue and market share gains. Also on the first page, it highlights that we did have a auto liability settlement of $5 million in the second quarter that impacted our EPS by $0.02 a share. Turning to Page 4, as Tim mentioned, we have prepared pro forma results, given the materiality of the Phoenix acquisition and T-Chek divestiture from last year, and because of the fact that the Phoenix business is being aggressively integrated and is already being operated as one combined global forwarding business within C.H. Robinson, the only meaningful way to really create a pro forma analysis is to adjust to the prior year information to include the historical Phoenix information in it and to adjust out T-Chek from the history. So if you look on Page 4, what it is showing is our actual 2013 information that includes operating income of $182 million and it shows our actual 2012 information of $184 million of operating income and then adjusts that for T-Chek and Phoenix, as I described. If you look at the far right-hand column for the percentage change based on the pro forma information, what we believe you should take away and we believe this schedule is showing, is that adjusted in this pro forma fashion for the ongoing operations, our net revenue grew at 3.1%. And as you see in the 2 columns below that, the expenses grew faster, both personnel and SG&A. We'll talk separately about those. The SG&A line item of $79 million for the current year includes the $5 million charge related to the accident. If you adjust that out of the current year, the percentage increase gets to be between 6% and 7%. So the schedule, from our analysis, is showing that net revenue is up a little over 3% and both personnel and SG&A expenses are up in the 5% to 6% range. So we will make comments about our expenses growing faster than our revenues and that's sort of our frame of reference for looking at it. The top line of that is that from a personnel standpoint, we did increase our hiring. Our headcount growth, outside of the pro forma transactions that we discussed, were in the range of 8% and its largely reflective of additional bodies into our North American network. Primarily for salespeople, to grow our business and to go after gains. Our cost per employee did decline, which is why the personnel expenses are up 5.6% on a pro-forma basis and that really is reflective of our business model and the variable expense nature, that when we don't grow our earnings, the compensation is automatically reduced. So you see the personnel expense increase being a little bit less than the headcount increase. So those are the comments on Page 4 for the adjusted earnings. Page 5 does the same thing for the year-to-date adjustments around Phoenix and T-Chek. We don't have any prepared comments on Page 5 because the year-to-date numbers and comments would be very similar. Turning to Page 6 then, moving into the analysis for the quarter around the transportation results, this is the chart that we've been showing, for total transportation revenue of $2.8 billion and net revenue margin of 15.3% for the quarter and then down below, you see the 10-year history by quarter of the transportation net revenue margins. In the past, we've covered the 6 or 7 items that influenced the net revenue margins, from the market conditions to fuel, to many other things. One of the things we've talked about is the mix factors. When we look at the results for the second quarter of 2013, the 15.3 or really this whole year, the mix issue is going to be more significant in our net revenue margins. And for the second quarter, the global forwarding net revenue constitutes 18% of the transportation net revenues versus only 8.5 last year. So there is a pretty meaningful mix change. As we go through the results by Service Line, we have the directional comments for each of them around what's a contributing increase or decrease to the net revenue margin percentage. So the mix is a big deal but it is, as we talked in our last call, the increase for the quarter is reflective of some stabilization in the North American truck margins like we talked about. So then, moving to Page 7 into the truckload results for Q2 of 2013. Our truckload net revenue for the quarter increased 3.2%. Again, our pro forma numbers for the quarter were 3.1% of net revenue growth. So you can see that truckload, being the largest category, is the principal driver of that. As you see for the enterprise, the volume growth was 9%, 4% of that growth coming from -- or 4% growth coming from the acquisition of Apreo, where there's a much higher volume increase of short-haul freight. Our pricing increase is 1% for the quarter and both year-to-date. And on an enterprise basis, the net revenue margin declining, but as you see on the note below, for the North American truckload portion of it, it was flat for the second quarter of this year compared to last year. So what you're seeing is at our European business, which represents about 4% of our net revenue and about 7% of our volume, that, that volume increase contributes pretty meaningful. Because the North America volume was 5% increase and the Europe, adding it up with 4%, to a total of 9%. And the margins on that lower length of haul freight in Europe leading to the overall decline with North America being flat. One other comment about the 1% rate increase, again as you see in the bullet point, for the quarter, in North America, we had about a 1% price increase to our customers as well as a 1% increase in the cost of hire. And we've talked about this before but just as a reminder, we do not have any centralized tariffs, that 1% rate increase is a combination or a byproduct of thousands of tariffs across the network. I would say that almost every rate in our system has been rebid or relooked at within the last 12 months. Many of the rates have stayed constant with a common theme of customers trying to hold rates stable. Others have increased -- the 1% just becomes the mix or the byproduct of all of the different pricing decisions across all of our network. The other comment I would make with regards to trends, and there were a lot of questions submitted around this as well. When we analyze our truckload business for the quarter, and net revenue margins being relatively flat, we do continue to see a meaningful trend in towards what we refer to as the balanced market, where the supply and demand relationship is pretty static and freight is moving as planned by our customers. We can see that by metrics that we track, things like a very high route guide compliance, where we're involved and understand that the preplanning and bidding of the freight, that the freight is moving very much in accordance to that. We also can see a pretty meaningful dissipation of surge freight or transactional freight, both within our larger dedicated customers, where through business reviews and seasonal mapping of the freight flows, we can see that there is less surge freight or peak freight this year than in previous years. As well as less transactional business from smaller customers as well. So the trend that we've been talking about for the last couple of years about a balanced market, heavy focus on cost containment and cost control by shippers and elimination of unplanned or transactional freight is a trend that we did continue to see during the quarter. Turning to Slide 8 then for the LTL results. Net revenues increased 7.6%. See the directional trends of pricing increase and net margin decrease as well. For pricing within LTL, as we've commented in the past, we work off a number of different tariffs that are priced in a variety of ways. So it's difficult to quantify precisely, but there is generally a small trend upwards in pricing for the quarter as well as the year-to-date and a slight net revenue margin decrease for both the quarter and year-to-date. Volumes grew at approximately 8% and again, when we look across our customer base, what we see is a much more meaningful increase in the larger, more contracted or planned freight customers and less growth in the transactional customers for the quarter. Moving to Page 9 in the deck, around our intermodal net revenue results. The intermodal net revenue decreased 1% for the quarter with net margin improving for the second quarter in intermodal and pricing being relatively flat. Similar to the comments in the truck market, we did see a decline in what we would classify as transactional customers or transactional freight that moved by rail. In the intermodal area, for our business, that can be a combination of rail pricing and decisions that they've made around what types of market share or pricing they want to put out there. Along with, as we've discussed many times, our intermodal business tends to be more interchangeable with the truckload environment and with the availability and capacity, more of that transactional freight tends to move by truck than rail. As we've talked, we've been converting our intermodal business more towards higher volume, larger customers and the results for the quarter really show the continuation of that, with some lapping and some more stable net revenue margin but less volume growth due to the elimination of transactional freight. Moving to Page 10, the Phoenix integration, there are and were a lot of questions about this and it is a very significant event going in -- on within our company. So I have, like last quarter, some more meaningful prepared comments on the Phoenix integration. Slide 10 is doing for our global forwarding business of air, ocean and customs, similar to the pro forma analysis earlier. It is taking the prior-year Phoenix net revenue of $46 million for the quarter and adding it in to our 2012 results and showing that on a pro-forma basis, as calculated this way, that our net revenue for the quarter in global freight forwarding was up 2%. As far as an update from our global forwarding from an integration standpoint, while that represents a fairly modest net revenue increase, we do feel very positive about the integration project and would classify it as being on track to deliver the returns that we're hoping for, and feel pretty good about things 8 months into it. That's kind of a brief recap of the integration plan and where we're at. In the first couple of quarters, the shorter-term focuses on synergies and putting the businesses together were around defining and deciding the combined management structure and which offices and leadership roles would be combined and those have all been completed. We do have a common structure for the business and feel good about our leadership team that's in place. We were successful in combining our service contracts or combining our buy volume and routing our freight in a joint way through the spring as the service contracts were negotiated. There are a number of accounts where we have combined account management structures that were put in place and, overall, we feel very good about retaining our customers, retaining our employees and having no meaningful service disruptions in the first 8 months of working together as a combined organization. In an acquisition like this, it can cause a lot of internal focus and competitors tend to go after the business more aggressively. And we feel very good about retaining the business, growing a little bit of market share in not a great environment and making the early decisions that we need to make to figure out what the combined organization is going to look like. The meaningful parts of the integration that are still going on, and are going to continue to happen for quite some time, largely center around the technology conversion and the combination of both operating systems. As I've talked before, our approach to that is kind of a best of both from each of the businesses, where we're taking some of the technology capabilities and uniquenesses in the customer relationships and processes that exist in both businesses and combining them into our Navisphere platform, from a one common platform standpoint. Most of that gap closure has been identified and created. As the slides says, we've begun the technology transition that will happen office-by-office, and start with the simpler freight and finish next year with more complicated conversions around any customization or anything else that we need to do. I think one of the real important points that we've talked about a lot internally, we are putting a lot of resources and a lot of effort towards this integration and it is a really important part of redefining Robinson to a global platform. I personally believe that what most companies would define as integration of an acquisition is largely complete within Robinson. And that our definition of integrating our global forwarding platform not only includes some of the typical integration challenges around leadership combinations and office combinations, but in our world, it's almost the equivalent of an ERP implementation as well. Because we're really looking at how every transaction flows through the system and remapping them and making sure that we convert all of the processes of both business to the most effective format. And getting on that common platform and really looking at that transaction flow, while it's taking a lot of resources and were spending a lot of effort to do it, that's what really sets up the second phase of synergies and approach around efficiencies and productivity and having all the information together to look better at consolidations and cross-selling and integrating our services across the network. We think we'll be in a position to start driving that more effectively next year. And again, our long-term goal being mid-single-digit net revenue increases and market share gains, and then utilizing cross-selling synergies and efficiency gains over the coming years to drive a double-digit growth that I described last time. So the market environment is difficult. I know several others and there's been a lot of several industry data points about difficulties in the environment of global freight forwarding. We do see that it's a fairly weak market out there, but again, 8 months into it, we feel pretty good about what we've been able to accomplish and consider ourselves on track for realizing the return. A lot of people have asked and we've talked internally about the integration costs and trying to understand and quantify them better. I think in addition to it being important that you understand we've taken this best-of-both approach, we've also really handled the integration expenses largely internally. And the best example that I can give you is, in addition to several million of hard dollars around travel and different expenses that we've incurred throughout the year, we do spend about $75 million annually on our IT department. And this has clearly been and will be the #1 priority of our IT department. There are a number people in that group that are solely dedicated to this. Almost everybody in the department is probably touching one aspect of it or another. But in our integrated platform, there's a lot of overlap between what are planned enhancements, what are integration efforts, dealing with things like security and different components of our system that there's an ongoing requirement but there's also something new from the integration. It really becomes difficult-to-impossible to identify what component of our spending is integration-related and we really just don't want to take the time or effort to have all of our people try to track that or break it down because it's so judgmental, I'm not sure it would be as helpful. But I do know that this is the biggest transformation initiative that we've ever undergone in my 20 years here and it's a really important component to how we're reestablishing ourselves in a global platform. And we're absorbing all of the costs associated with it and taking the beating for the spending that is occurring. But I feel very positive about the long-term investment that we're making and how this is going to position us for the future, both within global forwarding, as well as the platform that it's creating to integrate our services and really take the business and the portfolio of services to the next level. From a timing standpoint, this project will go into next year, like I said. The office conversions happen one by one with a lot of training and implementation to make sure that there are no disruptions. During 2014, the costs will start to phase out, but it is a long-term project that's going to take the better part of 2 years to complete from start to finish. So those are my comments on the integration project or process and where we're at. If you turn to Page 11, these represent the actual results for global forwarding for the year. As we've reported, the ocean, air and customs, you see the double-digit increases for all of those as the new business rolling in, with volume increases across the board. Price decreases in both air and ocean being reflective of the weak environment that I discussed earlier. And primarily on the ocean side, seeing the net revenue margin improvement for us on the combined business really being a byproduct of the early synergies that I discussed before around our combined global forwarding business. Moving to Page 12. Our other logistics services represent a 14.8% net revenue increase for the quarter to $17 million and $34.2 million for the year. It includes primarily our transportation management services as the largest source of revenue. Similar to what we've commented on in other quarters, we continue to feel very good about our backlog of services and opportunities here. We do think that this will continue to provide probably the highest growth opportunity for Robinson. It really represents the way we think about our strategic plan and growth goals, that offering transportation services, truckload, less-than-truckload, intermodal and international. And then this really represents the logistics management or supply chain services beyond that around technology and consulting, generally fee-based services. We think this bodes well and is reflective of the long-term opportunity for 3PLs like us to continue to do more for customers. While the shipper attitudes of driving efficiencies and the balance of growth and efficiency being heavily skewed towards the efficiency side of things, while that puts margin pressure on the transportation offerings, it's also what creates the opportunity here from a logistic services standpoint. And also, as I've mentioned in past sessions, while these services are relevant to our revenues and material, they also are tied to a significant portion of our transportation revenues through the joint accounts that we manage and that integrated service offering that we talk so much about, it is an important part of the foundation. Page 13, the last of our service line, the sourcing results. See a net revenue decrease for the quarter of 3.6%. We don't talk about it a lot in the transportation area, but this is where our produce sourcing and distribution of fruits and vegetables. This is the revenue or the net revenue that's recognized on the product portion of that. For those of you who are familiar with the food patterns in the country, there was a very wet spring and there was a lot of disruption to different crops, particularly things like melons and tomatoes and seasonal vegetables. That impacts the total available crops and commodities that we can move and has us serve a lot of the dedicated business with the more limited product and eliminates some of the transactional opportunities. So our volume was up slightly, but weather-related margin compression resulted in a net revenue decrease of 3.6% for the quarter. I'll turn it over to Chad at this point for some prepared comments on Slide 14 and the other financial information that's in the deck.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Okay, thanks, John. Moving to Slide 14, I will cover some information on our cash flow, balance sheet and capital structure. The second quarter of 2013 was a strong cash flow quarter. As you can see, year-to-date, the cash flow looks pretty low but it's important to remember, we talked about in the first quarter that we had an over $100 million income tax payment, which was a result of the divestiture of T-Chek last year. Our capital expenditures are within the plan that we outlined earlier this year. We expect our total to be about $55 million, putting the construction of another office building on our Eden Prairie campus, which we will move our IT department into. They are currently at a leased facility that we will be terminating at the end of this year or early 2014. You can also see that we have continued our share repurchase activity during the quarter. We repurchased 872,225 shares at an average price of $57.26. When you look at our share repurchases and our dividends combined, year-to-date, we have returned about $259 million to shareholders. We expect to continue returning this capital to our shareholders with a target of 90% to 100% as we discussed on last quarter's call. Thanks to our business model and the strong operating cash flows, we are able to return these levels of capital to our shareholders while maintaining the liquidity required to grow our business over time. We finished the quarter with $150 million in cash and $365 million outstanding on our revolving credit facility. With that, I will turn it back to John for some closing comments.
John P. Wiehoff: Okay, I've got one more page of prepared comments and then we'll address some of the questions that were submitted. So on Page 15, a look ahead. I'll try to do the best I can to share what we're seeing and what we know from a look forward around the prominent themes. The first one is the divestiture of T-Chek and the acquisition of Phoenix. I know the last 2 quarters, there's been a lot of discussion about that and adjustments for the numbers. Given the materiality of those, we know that we're in for 2 more quarters of significant changes driven by the repositioning of the business through those transactions. So there will continue to be acquired revenues, purchase accounting, meaningful integration costs and dilution from the T-Chek earnings being sold throughout the remainder of 2013. We had the unusual costs and those transactions associated with that in the fourth quarter. So the one thing we know is that, as we plan for the third and fourth quarter, we'll continue to see effects in our results from that. As far as the North American truckload conditions go, through July and currently, we are not seeing any meaningful change or significant adjustments to the market conditions. The North American truckload market, for us, continues to be similar. Really, if you look at our first and second quarter results, they're fairly similar and we haven't seen any meaningful drivers to significant movements in the market at this point. Really, if you look at the factors that have been driving it, I talked about the customer approach and the significant cost reductions, while there's some discussion of maybe that's starting to run its course, it's not going to go away instantly and there's plenty of momentum to continue that through the remainder of the year. On the supply side, with a slower growth environment, limited new capacity, cost pressures on carriers from new regulations and new equipment and driver pressures. None of those things are going to move real quickly and we do see continuity in the market. We don't know if there'll be a fall peak season or things will be different, but as far as what we can see now, the North American truckload conditions remain fairly balanced and competitive. The last 2 bullet points, I'd say the most common question is that, with changes in the market over the last 3 years and, basically, us asking ourselves and other people outside, so what are you going to do about it? How are you adapting the business? That the idea of taking market share has always been a core part of our value creation and some of the questions, we'll get back to this as well too, but I guess we feel good about our formula for how we think about taking market share and pursuing profitable market share or a balanced approach. Our business model and our disciplines are that there's really 3 variables that drive the third-party transportation. It's you got to go get volume, you got to maintain your margins and you got to be productive about the labor resources and the cost that it takes to go do that, and we've got a very time-tested and refined system around how we manage our incentives and all of us are motivated to make sure that we're making a good balance of investment around that. So we will continue to aggressively go after market share. We've got very good disciplines around making sure that the freight that we bring is profitable and sustainable and continuing to look at, as the market flattens or gets more competitive, that we're making certain that we're accepting the productivity challenges and the cost reductions that it takes in order to continue to take meaningful market share and grow and expand our business. So as I said earlier in the call, I feel good about our continued growth and market share gains in a slower, flatter environment, but we do have to continue to drive better cost control and make sure that we manufacture -- that we get to the return on investment and positive conclusions of a lot of the investments that we're making. The last bullet point, around continuing to invest in the long-term success of the business. If you think about a lot of questions that we ask ourselves or are asked, what can you do on the short term look at earnings changes? And what can you do in the long-term? The things that make a difference and the things that we spend our money on are those competitive advantages that we talk about in our slides, in our roadshow, in our annual report. There's really 2 groups of them around people, process and technology. So we are investing in people. We're putting salespeople into the network and training them and making sure that we're being as aggressive as ever in the marketplace to go out and sell. We're training our people as much as we've ever had and we could cutback on that and we are managing headcount aggressively, but it's a variable business model. There's pressure on all of us to make sure that there's a return on the people that we add in. But we do need to stay aggressive in terms of looking at the market share gains and adding the people that it takes to go out and get them. From a process and productivity standpoint, we have short-term and long-term initiatives to look at all of our productivity gains, how we consolidate freight, the automation of the interfaces. We're doing more EDIs than ever, every day. We have more mobile apps and more connectivity to try take parts of the process out. We're standardizing our processes and doing things that we hope will have both a short and long-term impact from a process and productivity standpoint. We're automating a lot of those things. We're spending significant amounts of money on technology, not just to integrate Phoenix, but also to drive the capabilities of our management services and invest in the productivity automation of a lot of our services as well. So we look at all 3 of those things. We are managing costs and thinking about them, but we're also very sensitive to the longer-term impacts of what those investments can do for us. The other key area of competitive advantages that we manage and invest in is our network of offices, our portfolio of services and our relationships. So the network services and account management relationships. We did open a couple of offices in Eastern Europe and we continue to think about the strength and scope of our network and building out that global platform. As I mentioned in the integration process, we're investing in the combination and optimization of a lot of our offices; strengthening, expanding our portfolio services; investing in Phoenix and strengthening global forwarding, as well as the management services. We think that's a long-term competitive advantage that will give us some more short-term lift in terms of the types of opportunities that we have to cross-sell and look for new market share. And last on the relationship side, the account management relationships and really trying to take market share from existing relationships, as well as making sure that we're pushing our value-added capabilities and expanding and cross-selling with current customers as well, too. So that's what we're focused on. It's a combination of productivity and cost takeout and cost management along with the longer-term investments that we think will make a difference. When you put those all together, as I said earlier, we understand that the return-on-investment proof of these investments is greater EPS growth and we're committed to delivering that in the future. While we're confident about executing our strategic initiatives and continuing to take market share, when you add up the things that I just talked about, we do think it's going to be very difficult to grow our earnings in the second half of 2013. As we look into 2014 and beyond, there's some obvious changes around the comparisons cycling off from the transactions, some of the integration costs starting to wind down. Hopefully, more aggressive realization of some of the synergies and the realization or capturing of some of the Integrated Services initiatives that we'll get after and we're prepared to continue to operate in a slower growth, more balanced market like this and have the initiatives in place to try to drive longer-term EPS growth in this environment. But also making sure that we protect and preserve the platform so that when the market changes and that growth starts to win out a little bit more in the marketplace, that we are also positioned to take advantage of that as well and have some higher growth periods like we have in the past as well. So that's a lot of prepared comments, but it wove in some of the questions that were answered and at this point, I'll turn it over to Tim to facilitate some more of the pre-submitted questions that we can give a little bit more clarity to.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. And just before I get into the results-related questions, actually we've got a couple of questions also throughout the quarter on why the change in format? So I thought I would address that real quickly here and then get into the results-related questions. As John had just mentioned, over last few quarters it has taken us a bit more time to explain results and go through the slides based on some of the activity, especially in the fourth quarter. And that's made it difficult to get to many of your questions. We've -- the result after the calls has been a lot of people waiting in the queue and really not having the ability to get to all the questions that people have wanted to ask. And as we reflected on that, we've talked about the best way to try to get more content and more subjects onto the call. So this is an attempt to do that and we'll evaluate the results here. As John had mentioned, he did his best to weave into some of his prepared comments and Chad's prepared comments, some of the questions that we've we received. And now we'll build on those here. But it really is an attempt to try and cover as much ground and be as productive as we can on this call and informative as we can be on this call. So I hope that clears up a little bit of the intent of doing this and, again, we will continue to evaluate how we get the most productive forum out of the 60 minutes that we spend together here. I'd like to thank all of you that have submitted questions. We did get a lot of questions in, and we rallied to try to gather them into some themes here and we've got several that we'd like to respond to at this time. So what I'm going to do here is I'll serve the facilitation role and John, Chad and I will respond to some of the questions that have come in. So the first question, and actually several questions around productivity. In some instances I'll thematically roll these up, but on this particular one, one of the questions sized it up pretty well. So I'll refer to it specifically here. And the reference was in the first quarter call we had talked about productivity challenges and that we had initiatives underway to address the issues. And when we would start to see the results of our initiatives around productivity. And John's going to respond to that question now.
John P. Wiehoff: I think I set that one up a little bit around talking about the 3 variables that we look in our growth model, which is volume or market share gains, the margin management or preservation and then the labor part of it or the productivity side of it. I've described in previous calls how in a balanced competitive market like this, a very common tactic is rate pressure from the shippers and we continue to see that out for a number of years. And when we make that balanced approach decision towards taking market share that's profitable and how do we want to look at things, oftentimes, our network and our team is forced with making a choice around do you take flat pricing from a customer when you know that your cost of hire might be up a percent or 2. And the management decision that we've been making and we've been coaching our account managers to do is that, for the long-term and in this type of market conditions, that most often we need to accept that productivity challenge and make sure that we're improving our processes and streamlining things and eliminating our costs, just like all of our customers are being pressured to do, in order to try to preserve the long-term profitability ratios of our operating income and our growth for the business. So while at some point, we walk away from freight everyday and we have to be smart about the balance between pricing and margins and the labor resources and the cost that we have to commit to doing it, that we are very much, like our customers, in the mode of accepting the productivity challenge and working into that equation that we're going to automate things and we're going to look at process improvement. The challenge with it, as everybody knows, is those things come in small chunks and they come continuous. It's really part of a continuous improvement theme, where every quarter we do implement new releases in the system that automate some of our processes and we have longer-term plans and roadmaps to look at consolidation and process efficiencies, so that the results show up in a longer-term, more gradual way. But it's a very important part of how we're running the company.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. And I'm going to kind of move quickly through these topics here and try to be productive with the time here. So the second theme, if you will, and there were several questions around this, really related to competition and pricing and, largely, these topics are covered in some of the prepared comments. But I'm going to take just a minute to give you a sense of how we think about competition and pricing. I don't believe this will be all that different than the way that we've talked about it in the past, but just try to build on it a little bit in the premise of the balanced marketplace and some of what has impacted our results. And speaking specifically to competition, clearly, it's a very competitive environment. We've talked a lot about that, I think, all of us in the industry are feeling this and exaggerated by the balanced marketplace and the fact that we're all competing for a pretty stagnant pool of demand. It's really hard to quantify the impact of competition. We've always felt a very competitive landscape with over 10,000 licensed freight brokerage companies and tens of thousands of asset-based carriers. It's really difficult to get your arms around the influence of competition. It's always been present. The way we measure it, there are a couple of things we measure, I'll speak specifically to the truckload marketplace, that's where most of the questions were centered, is in a couple of ways. But first is our volume growth. It's one of the reasons we highlight volume growth in our prepared comments, too, and there's a number of different resources that quantify volume growth on a month-in and month-out basis. So we pay close attention to our ability to grow our volume and our goal is to grow our volume and take share in excess of what we see happening in the industry. So that's one way that we evaluate it. And we've been pleased with our ability, over time, to grow our volumes ahead of the industry. The second measure that we look closely at is the third-party industry as a whole, and there's a lot of different ways to look at this. But again, it's something that we watch closely and, by all measures that we track, we've also been able to grow our share in the third party space. I think, third party space in total has been able to grow its share of total and we've been able to do that as well. And I won't provide specific numbers around this, but kind of slow and steady growth is what we've seen. And those are a couple of ways we look at, in an aggregated level, how we're doing in the marketplace. With all this being said, it's certainly not an attempt to dismiss the impact of competition, the viability of competition. There are larger competitors today than there have been in the past. They're focused on growing their scale and their share, and we pay close attention to the outcomes of our wins and losses and the opportunities as we compete everyday. And John spoke of our investments in delivering value in the marketplace. But we don't always win and we know that there are times when our competition is growing their business as well. So we take it seriously. We watch it closely and it's really hard to track quantifiably. But what we are focused on are those macro measures that we can track and really trying to make sure that the investments that we're making in our business, the initiatives in our business, are focused on delivering value. And by the measures that we can monitor and do monitor, we are still succeeding. And we have challenges in some of the earnings growth that we've talked a lot about on the call today and our expectation is to get to a higher rate of growth going forward and we need some cooperation in the marketplace to do that, and there's a number of factors influencing that, including our competition. And a quick correlation there too, weaved into the question around competition was also pricing and we've talked a lot about this, that there's really several factors in play. The focus of our customers on optimizing their supply chains and their transportation spend and the competition in the marketplace. And those are obviously very key in the balanced environment. Pricing has been very competitive. You see that in the results of our net revenue margin decline. And it likely will continue. John made some comments around the second half of the year and it's been the case for several quarters now and we expect there to be a pretty consistent near-term competitive marketplace and really price-focused environment going forward. So I hope that those general comments respond to that question. I'm going to move now onto one of the third questions or themes we had and it really relates to capital structure and capital allocation. I'm going to turn it over to Chad to comment on that topic.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Okay, obviously this has been a topic of discussion that I covered a little bit in my prepared remarks as well. But I think all of you who have been following us for a while know we have a very long track record returning capital to shareholders. So when you look at our capital allocation of the cash flow the business generates, first and foremost, we invest in the working capital it takes to grow the business. We're constantly looking for the right acquisitions. We have a long-standing 45% dividend payout ratio target and we view share repurchases to distribute excess cash beyond that. We view our dividend policy as more of a fixed policy and the share repurchases as a more variable way to return some capital to shareholders. As we discussed in last quarter's call and earlier today, our current intention is to return 98% to 100% of our net income to shareholders through a combination of share repurchase and dividends on an ongoing basis. We believe this payout -- total payout target is possible in most operating environments but maybe adjusted for things like acquisitions or other capital requirements, including working capital growth, which we sometimes experience when we have significant gross revenue growth. When you look historically about the amount of capital we've returned to our shareholders, for the years 2008 to 2012, we've averaged 102% of net income being returned to shareholders. As we look at the strategy, we believe it has served us well and has allowed us to continue to grow the business, both organically and through acquisition, and allowed us to be flexible in the marketplace. We have adapted our capital structure to include debt while continuing to return these high levels of capital to our shareholders. We're constantly looking at our M&A pipeline, monitoring our stock in the debt markets and assessing our capital structure in relation to those. We will take future actions as we see appropriate.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. Thanks, Chad. And I'm going to move now into a topic around kind of a capacity question and, specifically, a question around shippers' appetite for capacity risk and how shippers, their attitude towards the spot market and some comparisons to the way things were in previous quarters versus what we're seeing today in the contract versus spot market. John's going to respond to this question.
John P. Wiehoff: Yes, I would say probably one of the most prevalent themes in our customer interactions over the last couple of years is the combination of wanting to drive out any sort of expedited surge, seasonal premiums or costs as part of their cost-reduction strategies. And really trying to make sure that they secure and lock down capacity for a variety of reasons, probably some fear of limited capacity or this balanced market. But a lot of contributing things that, as I commented earlier, have really led to a reduction in spot market or transactional activity over the last couple of years. That is clearly a byproduct of the shipper attitudes and less appetite for their approach towards that. It's a good question as to whether or not that will sustain itself in the marketplace or not. That spot market or surge activity, as I commented earlier, is often driven by growth and lack of prediction around unanticipated needs. And right now, there doesn't seem to be anywhere near that level of it as we would see normally prior to the recession, 3 or 4 years ago. So I do think that's one of the most meaningful secular shifts, just driven by how customers are managing their supply chain and what their procurement attitude is towards transportation.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. Our next topic is going to be around operating expenses. And several questions around operating expenses and, specifically, why personnel expenses and SG&A expenses, outside of the unusual item in this quarter, why they grew faster than net revenue and Chad's going to respond to that question.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Okay. John covered the personnel, I think, pretty well in his opening remarks. We've continued to invest into the future of the business, the branches have continued to add people to help them with future growth. Although part of that increase in the heads was offset by some reductions and some of the incentive programs. When you look at other SG&A expenses, there's -- for the quarter over last year's quarter, there's 2 real drivers of it. One, we've talked about already, which is the law suit. And if you look at our provision for doubtful accounts, was the other significant variance compared to last year. In the second quarter of 2012, we recovered some receivables that had previously been written off and actually had a negative expense or a credit in our provision for doubtful accounts of about $1 million. This year, we had what is more normal, maybe slightly on the high end of our provision for doubtful accounts, of $3 million. So when you look at just the swing in the provision for doubtful accounts, that's about $4 million. And you take the $5 million and the $4 million, it's pretty much the whole increase of year-over-year growth in the quarterly operating expenses. There are some other increases and decreases mixed in there. The other, probably, area of biggest increase, but to a less magnitude is travel. Some of that travel has to do with the Phoenix integration and some of it has to do with the global manager meeting that was held in April of this year to introduce the Phoenix managers to everybody else and to cover some key initiatives with our leadership team.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. Thanks, Chad. We're kind of winding down here with a few minutes left. We're going to try to get a couple more in here. I'm going to quickly respond to questions around hours of service. This is obviously more of a Q3 topic with the fact that the regulation went into effect on July 1, and really don't have all that much different to say than a lot that's been said in the industry. We did a lot of work and planning around this topic with our customers, especially as it related to long-haul freight that was most affected by the new rules. And a bit too early to tell in terms of the impact, but when we have talked about this in the past in the various forums that we've been in, we don't expect it to help at all in terms of the results. It's another challenge for carriers in terms of their productivity and availability and already a difficult climate for them. So we expect to add -- after the third quarter, we'll be better able to quantify this as more time plays out in our truckload business, and in looking at some of the measures that we look at pretty typically. But in general, difficult for us to comment, specifically, at this time. We don't believe it'll be a helpful factor in the challenges that we face today, but that being said, really too hard to tell right now or quantify specifically the impact. So I'm going to move on to kind of a couple of questions that I'm going to combine into one and ask John to close our responses here with this topic and I'll do my best to paraphrase it here. And they really talk about our growth and whether our growth, our earnings growth trails or meets our expectation. And then also, comment about with the slower growth in the U.S. economy, maybe more in the lower single-digit area. And I'll read here verbatim a little bit: can our business model achieve double-digit growth in earnings sustainably? So I'll turn it over to John to talk a little bit about our earnings results here and our view of growth going forward with the current economic environment.
John P. Wiehoff: So when we look at our earnings growth and our performance and try to address this topic as best I can. For the first question, we are disappointed this year in the earnings growth. Some of the things we anticipated, the headwinds of T-Chek and some of integration spending. I would say that integration spending has been as meaningful as we expected, maybe a little bit more. Margins are difficult to predict, but we really haven't seen any relief there. And we've had some unusual expenses in the first 2 quarters that we've highlighted and talked through that Chad just discussed in others. Did we expect, at the beginning of the year, that 2013 would be a great year or the high-end of our performance? No. Has it been a little bit disappointing than what we thought at the beginning of the year largely around expenses? Yes, it has been. When you step back and look at it, longer-term, around our growth rates and our long-term expectations, the primary way that we think about it, if you look at that sort of ground level of GDP growth or inflation or some sort of economic growth in the 3% to 4% range historically, maybe being less than that the last couple of years or going forward. That would be the foundation of growth and pricing and margins that we would go after. Longer-term, we still believe that our volume and our net revenue is what will drive similar to our earnings growth, that those, over time, while they're going to fluctuate, should stay together. If you look at a foundation of GDP growth, we, as Tim highlighted earlier, we feel pretty good about our ability to take market share and our ability to continue to do that in the future. In a slower growth environment with more competition, as we've talked in previous calls, it's more difficult to take market share, but we feel like we can continue to do that. So in a slower growth environment of a couple of percent, continuing to take market share at a single-digit rate gets us up into the mid-to-high single digits. Over the last 2 or 3 decades, we've had periods of time where we've been able to have sustained margin expansion. We've just gone through a period of time where we've had sustained margin contraction. We believe over time that will fluctuate but level itself off. Additional growth areas for us in the past have been productivity gains and leveraging our cost structure. We're going to continue to strive for those, as I talked earlier, to try to increase our earnings. We've also been able to acquire businesses or acquire shares to increase our earnings growth as well too. So when we put that all together, there is a lot of opportunity left. There's a lot of momentum to the third-party industry and how third parties are looked at and what growth there is in the supply chain. Our margins are going to fluctuate, our costs are going to fluctuate, our investments are going to fluctuate. But when we look at the industry landscape and our opportunity and how we can execute over a longer period of time, we do think that a double-digit target is still reasonable for us even in a slower growth environment.
Tim Gagnon: Thanks, John. And I think that will close out the hour here and we did our best to cover as many of the questions that were submitted as possible. I know there were a lot that we were unable to get to. And if you would like to schedule some time with us, as is always the case, feel free to reach out to me. My email is on the website and we'll try to coordinate some time to follow-up on some of your questions. I'd also like to remind you that there's a replay of the call available on our website, and that replay will be available shortly. It's available by dialing (800) 406-7325 and entering the pass code 4630440. And that'll be available, I guess, about 7:00 Eastern. So just in -- well, actually I should probably change that. Within the next 60 minutes or so, it should be available to you through the website. If you have additional questions, as mentioned, feel free to reach out to me via email or by phone at (952) 683-5007. Thank you for participating in the call.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-07 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Gagnon - Director of Investor Relations and Analytics John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Robert H. Salmon - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Anthony P. Gallo - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson First Quarter 2013 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Tuesday, May 7, 2013. And I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Gagnon, the Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Gagnon: Thank you. Joining me on our call today will be John Wiehoff, our Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Hagen [ph], Corporate Controller. Chad Lindbloom, our Chief Financial Officer, is not on the call today as he is recovering from shoulder surgery after a biking accident. Chad will be fine and should be back to work soon. Scott, John and I will be filling in for Chad to cover today's content and questions. John and I will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our first quarter and we'll follow that up with a question-and-answer session. Scott Hagen will join John and me to participate in the Q&A session. We have a few more prepared comments today and we'd like to get as many of your questions covered as possible. [Operator Instructions] Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate our discussion. The slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is located at chrobinson.com. John and I will be referring to these slides in our prepared comments. I'd like to remind you that comments made by John, Scott, myself or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. Before I turn it over to John, I'd like to highlight a couple of changes in the earnings release and the slide deck. First, we have separated our truckload and less-than-truckload services to provide more detail to the area we formerly called truck. We've received a lot questions about the independent performance of each of these services, and this change will provide more detail than the combined view. We've also added a line for customs, which was formerly bundled in the other logistic services line. Also, with the impact of our purchase of Phoenix International and the divestiture of T-Chek similar to our year-end 2012 earnings release, we have provided pro forma financial measures for net revenue and income from operations to provide meaningful insight and an alternative perspective of our results of operations. We believe that these pro forma financial measures reflect an additional way of analyzing aspects of our ongoing operations that when viewed with our actual results provides a more complete understanding of the factors and trends affecting our business. A reconciliation of the actual results to pro forma numbers is provided in an appendix at the end of the slide deck. With that, I'll turn it over to John to begin his prepared comments on Slide 2 with a review of our Q1 2013 results.
John P. Wiehoff: Thank you, Tim, and thanks to everybody who has taken the time to listen to our first quarter earnings call. As Tim said, my comments are starting on Page 2 with our actual results. Our total revenues for the first quarter of 2013 were up 17.3% to just under $3 billion. Our total net revenues grew 9.9% to $455 million. Our income from operations was down 0.5% to $168.7 million. And our EPS was at $0.64, down $0.01 from 1 year ago of $0.65. Turning to Page 3. Tim commented on the notion that we're presenting the pro forma information, so I want to start by walking you through Page 3 and helping you understand how we think the most appropriate way to look at the numbers. For starters, one of the things that's important, we touched on this on the fourth quarter call, that on November 1, when we acquired Phoenix International, from day 1 and over the last 6 months, we have been managing our historical global forwarding business and the Phoenix International business as one combined global forwarding business. I'll touch on the more specifics around where we're at in the integration and how we're managing it together. But because of that, already, our operations and results are combined into one business. So we really can't provide very clear commentary on what things would be like this year with or without our acquisitions. So the best way to pro forma the information is to adjust the prior year 2012 activity, which we're doing on Slide 3 here. So as you see, we're taking, in the center of the slide, the 2012 actual results for Robinson, subtracting the T-Check business that was sold towards the end of last year and then adding in the historic operations of Phoenix from the pro forma information that was previously filed. So what that's doing is calculating the 2012 pro forma information as though Phoenix had been included in the prior year. So the slide on the far right side of the column then is comparing our pro forma information to -- from 2012 to the 2013 actual information. So the way we're looking at our business going forward in this pro forma format, that adjusted for all of the activity, we would report net revenue increase of 3.8%, operating expense increase of 6% and income from operations that are roughly flat. One of the things that Tim will be making a few prepared comments on, we always talk and focus you towards the operating income as a percent of net revenue. If you see down on the bottom, on the pro forma number, that 38.3% pro forma for 2012 comparing to the 37% for 2013. So we'll come back to that later in the presentation, but these are the numbers adjusted as we understand them to be best presented and we'll comment from there. So moving to Slide 4. For total transportation, and this would include the results of all of our business including Phoenix, we see for the first quarter is transportation margin of 16.2%. We've had this ongoing conversation for the last several years around trying to understand our margins and the activity in the marketplace. We added this schedule a while back, and I still think it's a relevant way to start. There's a lot of things folding into our total transportation, and I think the more insightful comments follow by each of the individual service lines. And as Tim indicated, we've rearranged those and broken out LTL separately to try to give some greater clarity around what's happening in each of the individual services. But I do think it's worthwhile to look at transportation as a whole just in terms of our margin percentage for each quarter. It gives you some perspective on the history, as well as what the enterprise margins are looking towards. There's a lot of opinions on how to best analyze the margins around the percentages. Oftentimes, the margin per unit or per shipment is more helpful. But one of the things that when we analyze our business a number of different ways, we do feel that there is a common theme across the transportation margin, that across all of our services, there really does continue to be this theme of handling more volume for less net revenue. So our comments around margin compression and kind of the tightness in the marketplace is revealed at the enterprise level here with the margin comparisons. Moving on then to truckload on Page 5. What you see for the first quarter of 2013 is a net revenue increase of 1.9%. Volume increasing 9% overall, with 5% in North America. Similar to some previous quarters that slower net revenue growth is being driven by a cost increase of 2.5%, with customer price increases of 1.5%. So we're unable to pass through the entire increase of the cost to hire during the quarter. And we shared at year-end that January began slow from a truckload volume standpoint. We did see some improvement to that 5% as the quarter wore on. From a net revenue margin standpoint, it also began very slow. We talked about plant shutdowns and a very slow, stagnant environment at the beginning of the year. So while we did see some improvement throughout the quarter by the end of March, by the back half of March, our year-over-year net revenue margin comparisons were consistent with the previous year. Now there's a comment on the slide here about the market conditions, and I know that in every quarter for the past several years, we've gotten a lot of questions around the market conditions and the competitive landscape. So I have a few prepared thoughts to try to frame up some of these comments or things we've said before, but maybe to try to put it into context a little bit as to how we're thinking about the North American truckload market. If you start with the fact that it is a very large and fragmented market, while we believe we're the largest provider, we still do believe that we're somewhere around 2% or 3% of that share. With more than 10,000 third-party competitors and tens of thousands of asset-based providers that participate in the truckload piece of it, it's really hard for us to get real precise measurements on the industry as a whole or kind of how the market is changing. But what we do know for sure, in the last 3 years, some of the metrics that we have is that we do believe the market is growing slower than the past several years, all the different freight indexes and what we see and hear from our customers, that the market is growing slower. We've used this term that the market is balanced. We have a couple of metrics that we track and are otherwise in the industry around route guide compliance and looking at the level of exceptions and freight tendering in the marketplace. There's also transactional load boards that we have and that others make available in the marketplace where we can see, in our exposure to the market, a meaningful decrease in transactional activity and expedited or short-term type needs. So this balanced market with route guide compliance being high, transactional activity being less, less capacity, very few new trucks being added to the market relative to the overall replacement needs and the size of the market, and numerous data points about shipper/receiver attitudes focused on predictability of their supply chain, lowering inventory, focusing in on efficiency. So when we start to look at the marketplace and the competitive environment, we start with the fact that it does feel like a different market in the last 3 years or subsequent to the recession than prior to that. And those data points would continue to support that in the first quarter and what we're seeing in the second quarter so far. From a competitive standpoint, equally, what makes it difficult is that while there is more than 10,000 registered brokers and third-party providers, more than -- high 90% of those are private companies that we really don't have a lot of great visibility to. For those that are larger or more visible public companies, there clearly has been a shift of many of them more aggressively declaring goals of taking market share aggressively, a few roll-ups with aggressive acquisitions and focus on technology. So while it's really difficult to separate the overall changes in the market and what impact the additional competition or the competitive market is having, we still look at it and say, based on the current market condition then the competitive landscape, it has been more difficult for us to grow both the volume and margin for the truckload services that we provide. I think one other additional level of insight that's interesting that when we think about the competitive landscape and the market conditions, that we also analyze kind of by customer, by industry, by vertical. And there are certain things, the advantage of us being larger and being able to leverage our scale in some instances, but it also gives us exposure to a lot of different pieces where we do have a business in the flatbed sector, which is much softer than some of the others. Our business in Europe is soft from a volume and margin standpoint, given the overall economic conditions there. When we look at some of the industry verticals, we've shared many times in the past around our pie chart of activity is heavily focused on beverage and paper and some of the verticals that have been softer. So when we're comparing to these thousands of small competitors, what's difficult sometimes is there are so many different ways to sell, and a lot of them are aligned with assets and more dedicated freights. Some of them are very specific to temperature controlled. And we have a number of our offices, more than 20 that, have double-digit increases and are doing very well. So there's a lot of different niches, a lot of different ways to sell, a very fragmented marketplace. And I guess the point of all of that is, it's difficult for us to really get our arms around exactly what's cyclical, what's secular, how this is all changing. But we do feel good about our competitive positioning and the fact that we have a unique offering in the marketplace and that we can do a lot of things that others can't. And that while we are very sensitive to more and increased competition, a lot of this is adapting to the market conditions and customer expectations that keep changing. So moving on to Slide 6 and the LTL results that are separated for the first time. A part of what you see is a more consistent net revenue growth and estimated volume activity in LTL. So 12.9% net revenue growth for the quarter to $58.4 million, and approximately a 12% volume increase in LTL shipments over the previous year. Our LTL business has been performing more consistently over the last several years. While we do show a net revenue margin compression for our LTL results, these margins, like every other service, tend to fluctuate. And this margin compression was probably more in the norm of just typical fluctuations from past periods. Moving on to Slide 7 in our intermodal results. While LTL has been more stable, intermodal is probably one of our more challenging service lines from a profitability standpoint. You see a net revenue decline of 6.3% for the quarter. On a slight decrease in volume, close to flat, but also net revenue or net margin compression as well. When we think about our intermodal services, we feel very good about our market knowledge and our capability of executing around drayage and keeping our customers happy and moving the intermodal freight. Our big challenge has really been on that cost of hire in our margin compression. We've been able to keep servicing our customers and participating in the intermodal space, but our margin compression has probably been the most severe of any of the services that we offer, and it's generally associated with -- we're pretty comfortable that we have market-based pricing to shippers. It really is the disadvantage of scale and the contractual and capacity relationships that cause us a disadvantage. We've also talked about, through those contracts and the various pricing mechanisms, the transition in the marketplace that we've had over the last several years to larger, more dedicated accounts with longer-term pricing. We actually feel reasonably good about, again, our pricing and capabilities and our pipeline around new activities, but we recognize that we have some improvement to do on the commitment and capacity side to make sure that our margins and profitability stay competitive as well. So moving on to Phoenix integration on Slide 8. I've got a few comments prepared here on the quarter, let's talk about Phoenix integration. I know that's a topic that many are interested in. I will come back to this near the end around the look forward and talking a little bit more about the forward outlook for Phoenix. So these initial comments are really focused on the first quarter of 2013. So if you look on Slide 8, similar to what we talked about before, the best information that we have is the historical C.H. Robinson global forwarding net revenue for 2012 of $28 million combined with the acquired historic revenue for this quarter in 2012 from Phoenix of $36.8 million of net revenue. So the way we're analyzing the business and holding ourselves accountable at the base of $64.9 million of net revenue in both of the businesses. The combined operation for 2013 has $67.8 million of net revenue or a 4.5% increase for the quarter. When we think about the integration process, we foreshadowed a little bit in the last call kind of how we're thinking about global forwarding and what we're focused on, and the fact that it was going to be a couple of year integration period. If you look at the first 5 months, so November, December, in the first quarter of this year, our primary focus has really been to make sure that we retain the customers and the employees and the business processes that we paid for and that we think are very valuable. So in these early innings of the integration of Phoenix International, our primary focus really is at this net revenue line item. We feel very good about retaining the customers. We feel very good about the combined leadership team. A lot of the effort in the first 5 months was really focused on establishing the combined leadership team and offices. So a couple of data points there. On November 1 of last year, on the acquisition date, there were 75 Phoenix offices that we acquired. There were about 65 offices in the Robinson network that were predominantly focused on international air, ocean and customs services. So that makes 140 offices on closing date. And there are about 25% of the offices. So right around 35 out of those 140 offices where they were located in the same city between Robinson and Phoenix International. So our integration plan is that we are combining those offices. As of the end of the first quarter, about 10 or 10 of the 35 have been combined. So I referenced earlier that we're managing it as one business. In the first 5 months, 10 of the 35 offices have been physically combined. The other offices began immediately co-loading or sharing opportunities where they could. We also put significant effort into combining and realigning the agent strategies around the rest of the world without worrying about which office it benefited or where it went into in terms of Phoenix versus historic Robinson. And we also made all of the decisions from a leadership standpoint in terms of how those offices and regions would be run, and have announced all of those leadership decisions. Another significant effort was really working with the service providers, the steamship lines, primarily on the ocean side, to make sure that we combined the volumes of the 2 businesses. And those of you are familiar with it, in February, March, April time frame is when a lot of the negotiations goes on for those contracts. So making sure that we had a good expectation of combined volumes and negotiating service contracts that provided the right kinds and caliber of capacity for the combined business. So that's what we feel we've accomplished so far. We feel like all of those have gone very well. We feel like the cultural fit between the 2 businesses is very positive. We feel good about the leadership team. We feel good about the market receptiveness, the customer retention and what we'll be able to accomplish by combining the 2 businesses together. While there's a lot of potential for internal focus in all of that, we feel like not only retaining all that business but growing our volumes and improving our net revenue 4.5% during pretty soft market conditions is something that we're fairly proud of. So the overall message on the Phoenix integration is a lot happening, a lot left to happen, but we feel pretty good in the first 5 months. I would say the thing that's going to take the longest from an integration standpoint is the integration of both the information systems and the financial reporting processes that are adjacent to that. We talked last time and still believe that, that's going to take probably an additional 18 months for us to get through those. And again, I'll come back in the end around kind of our overall performance and expectations for the future around the Phoenix transaction. So if you go to Slide 9, the global forwarding results for ocean, air and customs. As we mentioned a couple of times, this is breaking out customs for the first time from the other logistics services so that you can see it. And then here, these variation comments of significant increases in all categories are primarily from the acquired revenues, but also some good examples of specific organic wins and growth in each of the areas. Moving on to Slide 10, and other logistics services. This is one of our higher growth areas, which includes the transportation management services and a lot of the fee-based activities that we've been investing heavily in. So it's really the foundation of additional services and capabilities that tie together the transportation services into those relationships where we're offering integrated services in the marketplace. So we feel very good about how we're positioned in this area to bundle the transportation offerings that we have, but also to provide technology-based services and other management services fees that we think will be a greater and greater portion of our future going forward. A big part of that is a focus in investment in global transportation management as we see more and more of our larger customers focusing in on global procurement and global supply chain metrics, and we're investing in making sure that all of our continents and all of our information can come together in aggregated control towers. Lastly, from a service line standpoint, with regards to sourcing, our sourcing net revenues declined 0.3% in the first quarter. While we had a 6% case volume and an increase in our volume activity, some weather effect around -- largely around rain in categories like asparagus and various vegetable categories did negatively impact our net revenue growth as we've talked before. While we're primarily focused on adding value through the sourcing and distribution of those commodities, we do take some margin risk around the commitments that we make. And occasionally, weather will have a negative or positive impact on the amount of margin that we realize. So those are the prepared comments by service line. At this point, I'll turn it back to Tim for some prepared comments on Page 12 around our financial statements.
Tim Gagnon: Okay. Thanks, John. And as mentioned, I am starting on Slide 12, and there's a lot here. And John touched on it earlier, and I'm going to try to go through some of the important measures to call out on this page. And I'll start with just emphasizing some of the things John had already mentioned in terms of our net revenue growth in total, or the actual net revenue growth of 9.9% in quarter 1 and then the pro forma net revenue growth adjusted for T-Chek and Phoenix at 3.8%. To talk a little bit about our income from operations, as John had mentioned earlier, I want to take us into that a little bit, and I'll be reflecting both on the pro forma numbers, as well as some of the events that impacted the actual numbers for 2013. So the first thing to point out is, and John had touched on this earlier, that the pro forma 2012 operating income as a percent of net revenue was 38.3% in 2012 versus 37% in 2013. That 1.3% variance is largely attributable to an increase in our personnel expense. Our personnel expense did grow faster than net revenues in the first quarter. And I want to highlight one exceptional event that happened in January of 2013, where we had delivered the vested portion of the restricted stock awards from 2005. As of 2005, our executives, directors and general managers received awards once every 3 years. And as a result of that, the size of the awards was larger than for the participants who received awards annually. In most years, the payroll tax expense for the deliveries was about $1 million. But in quarter 1 this year, the payroll tax expense was $4 million in the quarter. So a difference of $3 million that had an impact on that elevated personnel expense number here in 2013. Now, we'll have normal deliveries for the next 2 years in the first quarter. And then in 2016, we'll have another large delivery for a similar type of event. So also, a couple of additional comments regarding 2013 income from operations as a percent of net revenue. We estimate that Phoenix increased our consolidated personnel expense as a percent of net revenue, approximately 1%. We've shared that number in the past as a result of their operating income as a percent of net revenue being less than the historical Robinson business. We also -- I also should note that acquisition operations and additional purchase price amortization tallied approximately $4 million in quarter 1. So that's a quick run through of Slide 12 and our 2013 actual compared to 2012 actual and pro forma numbers. Moving to Slide 13, in some of the other financial information. I'll review this slide from the top left to the bottom right. So starting in the top left. Our net cash declined in quarter 1 as a result of a tax payment on the gain of the sale of T-Chek in 2012. That tax payment was $108 million in quarter 1. Quarter 1 is typically a lower cash flow quarter for us. And you can see the large swing in cash there as a result of that tax payment. Our net capital expenditures were just over $10 million for the quarter. We do expect our capital expenditures to be around -- from $45 million to $50 million in 2013. Moving to the right, our effective tax rate was 38.7% in quarter 1. That's a bit above our expected rate range of 38% to 38.5%. The variance there was largely caused by a change in the tax law on the state of California that changed the law in terms of how corporations must apportion their income for corporate income tax purposes. The law change causes us to source more of our income to California than under the previous law. So based on this, and this will be a change going forward as well, our expected tax rate going forward will be in the range from 38.25 to 38.75. So we've moved it up 0.25 as a result of this change. In the bottom left, a couple of highlights on the balance sheet. We have approximately $160 million of cash and debt of approximately $390 million at quarter-end. And in the lower right corner, talk a little bit about our repurchases of common stock. We've repurchased just over 1.5 million shares in quarter 1. This is a higher amount than our typical first quarter, and I'll explain some of the details around that. So on the left side of that chart labeled repurchase, we show 851,555 shares purchased on the open market at $58.10. And the column labeled withheld on deliveries represent shares withheld from the restricted stock delivery in January that we had mentioned earlier. When restricted shares are delivered to the participants, the participants owe withholding taxes based on the value of the shares at the time of the delivery. Our grant agreements require us to withhold these shares based on the terms of our award agreement. As a result, we deliver the net number of shares after withholding tax to the participants' accounts, and the shares that have been withheld are treated as a repurchase of stock from the participants. And the funds from the deemed repurchase are paid to the government to cover the withholding tax obligation. Moving on to Slide 14, and a bit of a transition from the quarterly results into a perspective over time. In the chart labeled over time, our performance over time, you see some of the key metrics that we look at in our business from total revenue, net revenue, net income and earnings per share. And John reflected on the tough environment that we've been in over the last couple of quarters. But we also pay close attention to our performance over time, and our decisions are often reflective of good balance between the environment we're in currently, as well as consideration for the long-term of our business. So in looking at our business over time, you can see from this graph that we're really proud of our growth over time. And in particularly, in the past 5 years where we've been able to achieve growth in lieu of a very difficult environment, from the 5 years from 2007 through 2012 year-end, we've grown our gross revenues 9.2% during that time, 6.7% net revenue growth, 7.2% operating income and 8.2% in earnings per share. And though our near-term results are not to our expectations, our long-term growth and our growth in a very difficult environment over the last 5 years is something that we do feel good about and we're proud of here as we reflect on a more long-term perspective. So with that being said, I'm going to turn it back over to John to close with some comments around Q2 and 2013 as a whole.
John P. Wiehoff: Okay. Thank you, Tim. Our last slide is Page 15 titled, A Look Ahead, just a handful of bullets to comment on here before we open it up for Q&A. The first is just a reminder that our T-Chek comparisons will remain a variance through the remainder of the year. All of the information is available in the pro forma filings. And just in case you weren't aware or hadn't focused it in, our pro forma information will be presented for the next several quarters similar to how we have this time. Moving back then to Phoenix International and kind of talking a little bit forward-focused about our global forwarding business and what our thoughts and expectations are around the Phoenix International acquisition and how we're thinking about things. When you look at 2012, the combined net revenue of Robinson and Phoenix for calendar 2012 is just shy of $300 million. So that earlier slide, that was comparing the historic base for 2012 and how we're doing forward, will aggregate to about $300 million of net revenue for the year in international air, ocean and customs. So that's our baseline and will be the primary measurement metric for this year as we focus on retaining current accounts and managing the combined businesses to serve the customers. So we believe that we can grow the global forwarding business over time at a double-digit net revenue rate. It's going to start out a little bit slower as we become more aggressive around cross-selling, consolidating and expanding our network. We do think that we can accelerate that growth rate. Net revenue growth will be a key metric for us, and accordingly, we've broken that out, including the customs brokerage piece so that we'll all have clean visibility to our baseline and understanding the top line of the forwarding services going forward. We think that the net revenue growth will be the primary measure of how we're succeeding in market share gains and how we're doing in serving our customers. We obviously are hoping for a little bit of market strengthening, which would be helpful to us, when we made that investment decision to acquire Phoenix. Our growth plans were not based on a return to market conditions of double-digit growth, but more to the mid single-digit growth that many are forecasting. And we think we can use our scale and the combined business to improve our margins and increase our market share by selling and further expanding our network to get to that double-digit growth. As far as profitability is concerned, our baseline measurement has always been our branch offices and the branch P&Ls. Phoenix has a similar culture, and one of the many positive fits about our teams was that focus on branches, general managers and branch P&Ls. We will continue to measure and manage the business with branch P&Ls, and empower general managers to run their own business. Under our one global network concept, we will continue to emphasize greater coordination and interaction of the offices, balanced with the local customization and integration of whatever services that the customers want. So while each of our branch offices is unique, with a unique combination of services, shared account, freight mix, et cetera, we're constantly evolving our profit-sharing calculations and processing -- our processes for managing the shared accounts and overhead allocations across that network. While the branch P&L is the foundation, we also analyze our activity by profitability for region, service line, customer, operating center, however else we can. So we've shared in the past that our offices primarily engaged in global forwarding services were not nearly as profitable as the company as a whole. And given our relative scale and market presence, our earnings from those offices also fluctuated much more than the other service lines. That was a big consideration in our decision to invest in Phoenix International. As you can see on Slide 3 in our presentation deck, while the historic profitability levels of Phoenix were at approximately 30% of net revenue for operating income, the purchase accounting amortization will lower those reported earnings. The net effect of all this, that our baseline of $300 million of net revenue, our best estimate of the profitability is somewhere around 10% to 15% prior to any additional integration spending. Our longer-term 3- to 5-year goal is to grow our earnings in those office in excess of the net revenue growth by increasing our operational discipline, leveraging our bigger platform and using our Navisphere platform to drive efficiency. As we achieve that operational alignment and systems consolidation in the first 2 years, then we'll begin to drive greater leveraging of the cost. We'll continue to analyze and share with you in future periods how we assess the combined profitability of the offices, but the actual metrics we use will depend somewhat on how integrated or separate the offices become. And our enterprise level operating income, the net revenue will probably always be the best metric to see how we're progressing as a whole. Our overall goal for the 5 years is to have a global forwarding network of offices that's somewhere between $500 million and $600 million of net revenue, with estimated profitability approaching back to that 30% operating income of net revenue. The network would stand alone and offer independent international forwarding services, but also be a key pillar of the integrated logistics services that we've been working very hard on. If we get anywhere as close to that level of success in achieving our goals, we think the return on investment on the acquisition will be really good and we'll feel very positive about it. So that's some insight into our thought process of how we're looking at the integration, how we're holding ourselves accountable and what the key metrics will be to deliver on that. The next point around truckload margin compression remaining a challenge. I tried to do a little bit more thorough job of kind of laying out the broader market conditions that we're seeing. And I guess part of the point is that while in March and April, we're seeing some leveling of our truckload net revenue margins in North America, it's really primarily driven by some easing of comparisons with the prior year as opposed to us seeing any significant shift in the overall marketplace. We understand better now looking at our history that high periods of growth with price increases, inflation, dislocation in the market, new capacity coming in and being conditioned to the marketplace, all of those things provide more growth, as well as more transactional opportunity for us. We strongly believe that those markets will return at some point. I don't know when, I know everybody's been hoping for that for the last couple of years, but while we did see some improvement in the net revenue margins in March, as I said a couple of times, it's really more about year-over-year comparisons rather than a belief that we've seen a shift in the market conditions that have made growth a little bit more difficult. Lastly, we've talked about this before, but just in terms of our overall philosophy of growing the business, we do feel that for a long-term value creation like on the slide that Tim referenced and when we talked internally, that it's really important that we continue to take market share and generate the scale of the business. And that when we're in a more difficult environment like this, we're not going to do things that we don't believe we can't get a reasonable return on, but that we do err towards the side of making sure that we continue to aggressively sell and go after volume growth and market share gains in the marketplace. And through that, we acknowledge that we do have a lot of productivity challenges that we're tackling head on and taking a very aggressive approach towards making sure that we continue to lower our overall cost of operations, and making sure that we maintain that competitive advantage of having the best processes and being able to be very effective in the marketplace. So there's a lot that happened in this first quarter and a lot of changes going on in the business, and we changed a few things in our reporting. So we took a little bit more time to talk through all of that, but at this point, we'd like to open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Justin Yagerman with Deutsche Bank.
Robert H. Salmon - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: It's Rob Salmon on for Justin. John, in your prepared remarks, it sounded like the -- obviously, the conversion rate on the Phoenix side of the acquisition is being constrained by the purchase price accounting. It sounds like that the net revenue margin conversion had been 30% beforehand and it's now kind of in the low double-digit range. When we look out over that 5-year plan, how quickly do you expect to ramp up back to that 30% net revenue margin on the global forwarding business? And can you give us a sense where the base is today from the 2 companies combined?
John P. Wiehoff: Yes, so a couple of other data points on that. We're still understanding and putting together the seasonality of it too. So one of the things that we'll learn this year, if you see in the historic numbers, both Phoenix and our net revenue is greater in the second and third quarters, and the level of variable operating expense is a little bit less than the global forwarding business. So when you look at operating income to net revenue, there probably will be more quarterly variance on the global forwarding than there will be on the rest of the business through the purchase accounting. So there's $4 million a quarter or about $16 million a year of amortization expense that will run for about 8 years. So today, that amortization expense is reducing the Phoenix reported income as a percent of net revenue by a pretty meaningful amount. If we achieve that $500 million to $600 million of net revenue, that $16 million a year of amortization out in year 5 would represent about 2% to 3% of net revenue. So our goal in 5 years is to get back to the high 20s, 27%, 27.5%, hopefully better than that if we can -- that's probably the high water standard now for some of the world-class forwarders, and we think Phoenix International was doing a pretty good job. So if we can get back to that level with amortization in there, the operating income would be kind of in the mid-20s. I mentioned in my prepared comments that our historic business was not nearly as profitable, and that probably that 10% to 15% range is probably a good baseline for both the Phoenix business because of the purchase accounting and integration costs, and for us due to less profitability in our history. I didn't talk a lot about the integration costs above and beyond that, but one of the things that we covered in the last call, and I think is important to understand as well, too, that our approach towards the integration of this is that while we're spending a significant amount of time and energy to put the offices together and put the systems together, it's really not possible for us to get a nice, clean, quantified determination of what that integration spending is right now. So while we know that our shared services like IT and finance and legal and HR, it's the #1 priority and probably the top resource allocation in all of those groups that we're spending north of $150 million a year on as combined companies. Every single person in those groups is probably touching this in one form or another, but it was really not possible for us to break out exactly how much additional integration spending is hitting us from that standpoint. And a lot of is re-prioritization of personnel cost that is really just an opportunity cost rather than an additional hard dollar.
Tim Gagnon: I'm going to take this opportunity, this is Tim, just to mention that we do have to limit to 1 question per caller just to try to get as many folks as we can on today. And please feel free to follow up with me to get some time scheduled as a follow-up. So thank you, Rob, for that, and we'll move along to the next caller here.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Hoexter with Bank of America.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Maybe if you can just kind of jump into on the core truckload business where you talk about your rates going up 1.5% and the costs going up 2.5%. Can you delve into -- it's been 6 quarters now where you've seen that underperform your cost. What do you have to do to get that at least to break even on a cost relative to your place basis?
John P. Wiehoff: I think there's a couple of relevant points there. One is if you look back, and part of the reason why I put that 10-year history in there that when you look over the last 3 or 4 years, part of our challenge is coming off of historic highs from a margin standpoint that we knew were unsustainable in 2009. We're very short on the buy side as we've talked about before. So our cost of capacity is moving pretty quickly. And those margins expanded quite a bit. So whatever changes in the marketplace and competitive factors there are, those are all being blurred in with coming off of unsustainably high margins that have put that together. When you think about, where do we go from here? Like I said, we've seen some leveling in the current periods, so hopefully, it will be less of a factor going forward. But the main thing is that you've got the supply side who's not adding a lot of capacity and pushing really hard on yield. And you've got shippers who are very focused on stability and grinding out rates. We just need some leverage in the marketplace around more capacity coming in or more growth on the demand side where you have more rate negotiation and leverage to make a change. So we hope we're seeing that soon, but it's the combination of all that stuff that I rambled on around that's impacting the market conditions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Gallo with Wells Fargo Securities.
Anthony P. Gallo - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I want to make sure I understood you right, and then I have my question. So the net revenue of the forwarding business is expected to grow from a base of, say, $300 million today to $500 million to $600 million over the next 5 to 6 years, did I hear that correctly?
John P. Wiehoff: You did, so 15% growth would roughly have a double in 5 years, and so double-digit growth would put it between $500 million to $600 million.
Anthony P. Gallo - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So I guess I want to make sure I understand the components of that growth because I don't think the market's growing at that pace. It doesn't sound like the entire CH network of customers can be harvested for this business. And it also sounds like it's a little bit headcount-intensive at some point, so how do personnel costs not grow in line with that growth rate? So that's -- how do we get there, I guess, is the question.
John P. Wiehoff: So what I tried to lay out in my prepared thoughts is that our long-term hope or forecast in the market conditions is mid-single-digit growth. That was the analysis that we came up with versus the double-digit growth that was maybe happening over the decades where things were growing much faster. So I recognize that the market is not there today, but our hope is that we do, over the next year or so, return to more normal market conditions of single -- mid-single-digit growth. We do feel that there are significant opportunities to cross-sell both the international services to the Robinson customer base, as well as improve our margins through better rate negotiation, better consolidation opportunities, as well as expanding our network in Europe and other parts of Asia where we don't have a presence today. So it's the combination of all that, that says that we feel we can grow our net revenue at 10 -- or double digits for that 5-year target. When you look at the expense structure, what we've talked about is that rather than taking people out and trying to squeeze operating expenses out of the network today, we recognize that we are carrying costs through integration that we hope to be able to leverage in the future so that we can grow our business and not have to add the operating cost or the people to drive operating income growth greater than the net revenue growth once we get past the integration phase.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of William Greene with Morgan Stanley.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: John, I'm curious about your views on how long you think you sort of have patience for the kind of performance we're seeing in terms of -- really, I'm talking about the bottom line growth rate. Because for a while, we've heard, well, it's the market, and we've got a way for things to come back and we did an acquisition, but there are some onetime things here that are not leading to the growth. How much patience do you sort of have? Because it's been a while since we've seen growth rates that Robinson used to perform at. So I'm curious when the moment arrives when you finally say to the team, we've got to start taking actions internally here and not wait for the market.
John P. Wiehoff: I think that was 2 years ago. Well, implied in your question is that we're okay with this or that we're being patient about it, I don't think that's the case at all. There are a number of different sales and productivity initiatives across the North American network that I feel like we've been very aggressive on. I feel like the investment and divestiture that we made last year was directly related to repositioning ourselves to greater scale and adapting to a more competitive market. We've put a number of different initiatives in place. I mean, in these calls, we're trying to explain our thought process and what we're observing. But if you look at -- I mean, we do have this foundation of a variable business model and pay for performance that causes a certain amount of immediate reaction in the lesser performance where we're all feeling the pain in the last couple of years. Trust me, that's not gone unnoticed within the company. And there are a lot of different initiatives. And I would say, probably the most aggressive thing is really, the integrated logistics selling where in this more aggressive environment, we've push very hard with a lot of the customers around return on investment, selling and focusing more on integrated services, where it's a little bit more complex, but it ties us to the customer a little bit better and it feels like that's probably more what our future is about. I don't know if there are other examples or thoughts around your word patience, but I feel like we have been trying to react fairly aggressively.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: It was just a comment on -- a lot of it relates to market and what's going -- we need this in the market to happen, that in the market to happen. And at some point, it's sort of like, okay, I get that, but what are you going to do now? And you've outlined some things and maybe I'm reacting to the Midwest mentality, and you sound so nice about it that maybe it's that. But I just sort of feel like the markets, sort of the investors are waiting to see a return to those growth rates and we haven't gotten there. And so it's kind of like, well, when? What's that date? And I guess that was the point of the question, but I appreciate your thoughts.
John P. Wiehoff: It's a fair point, so thank you for making it. And I do feel like if you look at our EPS growth over the last 5 years, it's been 8%, 8.5%, something like that, so it hasn't been to our long-term targets. Some of that is coming off of those high comparisons and some of it is because we believe we're in a little bit different market condition. So we're not sitting around waiting for the markets to change. Some inflation, some growth, some increase in demand would be a very good thing for us, but if we never see that, if we never see improvement and it just continues to contract, at some point, we have to hit bottom on margin comparisons and get to the point where our volume growth and our activity will equate more with our earnings growth. And in the meantime, we've got analyst initiatives around integrating the services, leveraging our scale and trying to make sure that we're enhancing our productivity so that if it is an environment of sustained margins, that we'll continue to have earnings growth more in line with our volume growth rather than the 8% that we've had the last 5 years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Wetherbee with Citi.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I guess when you think about the transport margin, I know you said it was difficult to kind of break out maybe what the core underlying C.H. Robinson transportation margin looked like x Phoenix, but I guess, maybe directionally, as I think longer-term or towards kind of obviously at the trough end of the long-term chart that you put up on Slide 4, I guess, when you think about the underlying business itself -- I mean this is a broad question, but how do you think about where this goes? I mean it seems with larger customers, there might be further pressure to the downside here. Is it possible that we could be seeing kind of a new normalization in this? I know the market has been different the last couple of years, but just kind of curious if that should change.
John P. Wiehoff: There's definitely, as we've suggested a number of times, there's certainly the possibility that it's a new era and a new environment where some of the margins never return to what the historic averages would be. However, when you look at it at an enterprise level like this, there's such a diverse mixture of stuff with ocean and air and LTL and consolidation services where margins can vary quite a bit depending upon your density and your success level from it. Included in those transportation margins are the 100% margin fee-based business for the integrated services and the technology fees and the stuff that's growing pretty significantly. So when we think about the future and the margins and what sort of productivity levels we need to be at to sustain our high levels of return on investment and where we're at, it's making sure that customer-by-customer, office-by-office, service-by-service, that we're taking the right approach of blending all that in to make sure that we keep our returns acceptable.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Wadewitz with JPMorgan.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I wanted to ask you along the lines of the competitive dynamic in truck brokerage. And I think one of the things we've seen from some of your competitors, and I think you've maybe experienced this as well, that in order to see the volume growth, you've had to take greater risk in the market. And so one way, I think, of maybe looking at more of the route guide business and making more contractual commitments, which gives you a bit more risk on filling the capacity side. You think that's a fair characterization? Is that still where the market's at? And do you think that would continue to be the case, that if you really want to grow volumes, that you just are forced by the competitive environment to take more risk on the gross margin side?
John P. Wiehoff: That is definitely a trend. I think it really goes back even way prior to the last 3 or 4 years. So really, over the last 20 years, we have evolved our business from more of a pure transactional broker to where we are, a core carrier in the route guide. And even up to 4, 5 years ago when we talked to upwards of half of our business being in that more committed or dedicated framework, where you do have a little bit more margin risk but you also have much more volume certainty that you can work with. Over the last 3 or 4 years, when we make statements like the world has become more committed and less transactional, and route guide compliance is very high, your choices around taking market share for all of us are more within that route guide, around the planned freight and the dedicated stuff that generally comes with a price commitment or as part of a bid. So it is absolutely true what you're saying, that as the market has shifted to more predictable dedicated freight, those of us who are trying to take market share, that's really the only logical place to go get it. But as I said earlier, I think that is part of the broader transformation of the percentage of the marketplace that third parties have been able to address in the last couple of decades by moving into aggregation of capacity and being that core carrier provider that we are with a lot of our large shippers.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So I guess to be more specific on that though, so do you -- that's been the case, but do you think that continues in that percent that's contractual, would continue to increase going forward?
John P. Wiehoff: If the market stays the way it is, yes, it would. And then, as we've talked before, the goal around that would be with those higher volume shippers, you can do things to align more committed capacity. You can automate the process and make it more predictable so that your operating income per shipment can improve. So it's a slightly different business model around how we would think about efficiency and profitability, but if the market stays tighter with slower growth, more controlled, yes, there will be a greater and greater percentage of the freight that operates under that model.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: So just a couple of things I want to clarify and then I had a question. First, in terms of the new reporting on truckload versus LTL, that's pretty helpful. Maybe just for all of us, if you have any history on that, that you can give us, that'd be great. And on the call, do you have any sense on what that truckload net revenue growth was last quarter and maybe for the full year '12?
Tim Gagnon: We haven't decided, Scott, that we're going to share that yet. It's something that we should talk more about here. We more prepared that information for this quarter, here in Q1, so...
John P. Wiehoff: And also understand that part of our reluctance to break it out in the past was that there are some definitional variances across our network around perishable freight and what's included in LTL and truckload. And part of what we've been working on the last few years is to make sure that we've had consistent definitions around how we categorize our freight so that we can break it out. So part of the decision tree on sharing history is whether or not it's actually consistent for you to compare to.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: Got you, okay. And then, John, I'm not sure if I missed it. Did you give what truckload volumes and net revenue was tracking through April like you've done in past calls?
John P. Wiehoff: I did not. I just shared that we are continuing to see more consistent net revenue margin year-over-year, but that we're not seeing an acceleration in demand in the marketplace.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: So we should be thinking about transport net revenue margins that are flatfish and -- flattish year-over-year in the second quarter?
John P. Wiehoff: I'm sorry, what exactly did you say?
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: So transportation margin percents that you're saying are pretty flat year-over-year compared with second quarter?
John P. Wiehoff: I was talking specifically about North American truckload, and that the net revenue margin percentage was consistent with the previous April.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And just in terms of my longer-term question, you've been talking on the past few calls about slow leasing, about using more leverage on the balance sheet. And I wanted to know if you can just give us an update on how you're thinking about the balance sheet and buybacks going forward.
John P. Wiehoff: The capital policy that we've been operating under for the last couple of quarters that we'll continue to review as we go forward is that we are maintaining our 90% to 100% capital distribution philosophy through both the dividend payout ratio that we have of around 40%, as well as the share purchase activity that for the last 5 years has brought us up to that 90% to 100%. So despite the fact that we have some debt and we have it approved up to $1 billion, we do expect to continue to execute that high return on capital model of dividend and share repurchases like we have in the past. From an overall financing standpoint, we're constantly looking at the amount of dry powder and the pipeline of M&A opportunities. And we've been approved to go up to $1 billion of debt within that framework, and we'll keep looking at the market conditions in our pipeline and figuring out whether we accelerate or pull back our buyback activity from there.
Tim Gagnon: Thank you. Unfortunately, we're out of time. We appreciate everybody taking the time to be on the call today. And thank you very much for participating. The call will be available for replay, and the operator will step in here and give some of those details as we close out. Thank you, everybody, for your time today.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, yes, today's conference will be available for replay. And if you would like to listen to the replay, you can dial (303) 590-3030 or 1 (800) 406-7325, and enter the access code of 4613551 followed by the pound sign. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the C.H. Robinson First Quarter 2013 Conference Call. We thank you for your participation today, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-05 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Gagnon - Director of Investor Relations and Analytics Chad M. Lindbloom - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division John G. Larkin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Elizabeth Mielke - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jason H. Seidl - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Christopher J. Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Fourth Quarter 2012 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Tuesday, February 5, 2013. I'd like to turn the conference over to Tim Gagnon, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Gagnon: Thank you. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, Chief Executive Officer; and Chad Lindbloom, Chief Financial Officer. Chad and John will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our fourth quarter and full year performance and we will follow that with a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate our discussion. The slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is located at chrobinson.com. Chad and John will be referring to these slides in their prepared comments. Finally, I'd like to remind you that comments made by Chad, John or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. With that, I'll turn the call over to Chad.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Thanks, Tim, and thank all of you for taking the time to listen to our fourth quarter earnings call. We released our earnings after market today. Our release contains adjusted numbers and provides a reconciliation of these numbers to GAAP. On today's call, we are going to focus on these adjusted numbers so we thought we should start with an explanation of the adjustments. Slide 3 shows our fourth quarter and year actual GAAP results, then a column showing the nonrecurring transaction amounts and finally, the third column for each of those time periods is the adjusted amounts, which we will be focusing today's conversations on. Moving to explain each of the adjustments, the $34.6 million adjustment to personnel expense is made up primarily of $33 million of incremental vesting expense of our equity awards triggered by the gain on the sale of T-Chek. The majority of our equity expense is based on the average of operating income growth and earnings per share growth. The gain had a significant impact to earnings per share as shown on our GAAP financial statements. The balance of the non-recurring personnel expense is made up entirely of transaction-related bonuses, primarily made to T-Chek employees. The adjustments to other operating expenses are made up entirely of fees paid to third parties. These fees covered the investment banking fees related to the acquisition of T-Chek, external legal and accounting fees related to the acquisitions of Phoenix -- I'm sorry, the investment banking fees were related to the acquisition of Phoenix, the external legal and accounting fees were related to the acquisitions of Phoenix, Apreo and the divestiture of T-Chek. The adjustments to investment and other income is the gain from the divestiture of T-Chek. When comparing Q4 2012 adjusted to Q4 2011, the results still are not entirely comparable. Quarter 4 of 2012 includes 16 days of T-Chek's operations and 2 months of Phoenix operations. Quarter 4 of 2011 includes T-Chek operations for the full quarter and obviously no Phoenix activity. With that explanation of the adjusted results, I will turn it over to John to review the results of the service lines for the quarter.
John P. Wiehoff: Okay, thank you, Chad. So my prepared comments will start on Page 4 and as Chad indicated, I'll be comparing last year to our adjusted numbers for 2012. I'll start by pointing out that our total revenues for the quarter grew 15.7% and the consolidated net revenues grew 10.8% for the quarter. Similar to the past several quarters, the difference between that gross revenue and net revenues was driven by net revenue margin compression. Our income from operations grew 3.3% for the quarter. As Chad mentioned, some of the unusual factors to reconcile to that, and he will comment again later on some of the impacts to income from operations in our SG&A analysis. From an overall results standpoint, I guess I want to highlight a few of the enterprise metrics that we focus on, since a key part of our growth story and strategy is to continue to take market share, the fact that our full year 2012 truckload volume growth was 10% is meaningful to us and does reflect our belief that we continue to take market share. We also track the scope of our relationships in terms of the active number of customers, which you see increased to 42,000 and the active number of carriers and suppliers that we engaged with during the year, that increased to 56,000. Chad commented on the fact that there's still, in these adjusted numbers, is some variances in the comparisons, largely due to Phoenix and T-Chek. Leaving Phoenix in the 2012 numbers as an ongoing operations, if you did exclude T-Chek from both the 2011 and '12 numbers, those adjusted net revenue numbers would have grown net revenues by 14% for the quarter, year-over-year and it would have grown income from operations as 6.5%. There's a lot of different ways to analyze our results for the quarters, given the transactions that we have, but we think those are the relevant ways to think about it. I do have some prepared comments by each of the service lines that I will share. But before I go into that, on Page 5 of the deck, there's just a handful of a bullet points, kind of recapping what we think the highlights of 2012 were to call to your attention. The first series of bullets there in the aggregate, we refer to as the strategic realignment, I think were very important to us this year because we had separate conversations around each of them at the time of the transactions. I'm not going to spend a lot of time on them, but to generalize or to summarize each of them, the Phoenix International acquisition was an investment in Global Forwarding, a business that we've been offering for about 20 years, but realized that scale is very important, and we think it's going to allow us to be much more competitive. We're 90 days into our Phoenix integration. When I get into the Air and Ocean service lines, I'll make some more comments on that. But overall, we were attracted to the cultural fit of the company and feel very good about that 90 days into the transaction. The T-Chek divestiture, we talked about the consolidation in the Payment Services industry that's occurring, and why we chose not to continue to invest capital and our time and resources in that business. Lastly, we talked throughout 2012 about our commitment to Europe. Despite an overall difficult environment in Europe, we do have very high expectations for the long-term about what our presence can be there and replicating a lot of our services. During 2012, we made some leadership investments by placing some of our key people over there to continue to drive our growth, as well as making the Apreo acquisition in Poland. So together, those 3 transactions helped reposition us in a way that, we believe, will allow us focus on integrated transportation and logistics offerings in a more narrow way with some greater scale and concentration in some of our key service offerings. In terms of other highlights or challenges for 2012, I would also share what I said earlier that we continue to grow our market share in most everything we do and felt good about that. We continue to aggressively sell and develop our relationships and apply the account management practices that we think are really important to our long-term success. Lastly, on the challenges, we talked about continued truckload margin compression and really a transportation margin compression, which is probably a fairly simple term of outcome for a lot of interrelated topics. In each of the service line sections, I'll make some comments and refer back to it again. But in terms of growing our revenues and market presence at a greater rate than we've been able to grow our earnings the last couple of years, net revenue margin compression continues to be the core topic that we're challenged with. So moving on to Page 6 on the deck, commenting about our overall transportation results. One of the things that we've added the last couple of years to try to put things into context is that 10-year net revenue margin percentage for transportation. So you can see that our net revenue margin comparison for the fourth quarter of 2012 and for the year again represented net revenue margin compression for us. Volumes were up in nearly all of our services in Q4. And there was some meaningful mix shift due to the transactions that we talked about with regards to Air and Ocean growing faster in the quarter. Moving on to Page 7, the truck results that include truckload and less-than-truckload. Our North American truckload volume increased 8% in the fourth quarter. Because of the acquisition of Apreo and high volumes of shorter haul truckload transactions, our overall truckload volume growth in the fourth quarter was 12%. And as I mentioned earlier, 10% volume growth year-to-date, which is a key metric for us. On the truckload part of the net revenue margin compression, similar to some past quarters, we had revenue increases from our customers, exclusive of fuel, around 1% and our cost prior increased something closer to 2%. Our less-than-truckload volume continued to increase at a nice percentage of 16%, and we had some modest net revenue margin compression in the LTL area as well. Moving to Page 8, similar story to some past quarters. We are evolving, transforming that business. We, like the industry, has moved to a much more dedicated large customer business with less transactional pricing. So our volume was up again for the quarter, but pretty meaningful net revenue decline due to the transformation of the business to a higher percentage of business with large customers at lesser margins. Moving to Page 9 for the Ocean and Air results is where you begin to see some of the impact of the Phoenix acquisition that we've referenced several times. I'll talk a little bit about how we're approaching that and the impacts that you'll see. I think one of the things that's very important to understand about our approach to the Phoenix acquisition and our integration strategy is that we are moving fairly quickly to combine the operations. If you look at, for the 2 months of 2012, we were able to get a reasonable approximation of how the legacy C.H. Robinson global forwarding offices would have performed, which is the up 3% for Ocean services and approximately 19% for Air services. This is the last quarter that we anticipate being able to even estimate that number. If you look at what we've accomplished in the first 90 days of our integration, already, some of the metrics are being blurred as we're managing our global forwarding business through 1 network. Things like rerouting and combining freight that are handled -- that is handled by our agents, we've already begun to consolidate and co-load freight in some locations. There have been a few office combinations already, with a few more planned. We've combined our service contract and routing activities, and that will continue to accelerate in March and April with new contracts and some modest account realignment that will continue through our enterprise account management practices as well, too. So we believe we're off to a good start, with the integration of that acquisition. And going forward, it really will be a combined Air and Ocean activity with hopefully meaningful increases in the net revenue for both of them throughout 2013. Moving to Page 10. The other logistics services, you see there that also includes some of the customs brokerage activity that was acquired. But separate from that, we have the core transportation management customs and small parcel services that have been a high-growth part of our business for a number of years, and those increased about 15% during the quarter. We continue to believe that as we sell integrated services and evolve the scope and complexity of what we offer to our customers that there is a lot of good growth opportunity in this area and that we hope to be able to continue to expand and grow these services. Lastly, with regards to our sourcing business, you see net revenue for the quarter up 11.3%. Most of that net revenue growth came from volume growth with large customers. We haven't discussed a lot about our sourcing business in the past couple of years, but we do continue to stay very excited about some of the opportunities to innovate and add products and services in the sourcing area. That business today continues to principally constitute perishable fresh fruits and vegetables, examples during the quarter where we had some meaningful growth through new ideas and innovation came from melon varieties that we helped to introduce, as well as a couple of different packaging alternatives around bins for marketing and crating for corn. A lot of these produce commodity and sourcing transactions are integrated in with our temperature-controlled transportation that gets pre-reported on by the type of transportation service that is combined with it. But similar to our transportation services, the integrated offerings and the combined account management strategies are an important part of our future. So with those prepared comments, I will now turn it back to Chad for some more statements in the financials.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Okay, thank you, John. Slide 12 is a summarized income statement comparing adjusted 2012 to 2011. For the fourth quarter, as John covered, our total net revenues grew to 10.8%. Our adjusted personnel expense grew faster than net revenues and it increased as a percentage of net revenues. We estimate that Phoenix increased our consolidated personnel to net revenue by approximately 1% for the quarter. As discussed last year, quarter 4 had unusually low personnel expense to net revenue due to slowing earnings growth during 2011. This slowdown in growth drove significant reductions in certain expenses in the fourth quarter, resulting in a very low personnel as a percentage of net revenue. Other operating expenses increased primarily due to amortization of Phoenix. Our annual amortization expense is expected -- is going to be approximately $16.3 million for 8 years for the identifiable intangible assets acquired during the Phoenix acquisition. Moving on to Slide 13. Our income from operations increased approximately 3.1% on an adjusted basis but our net income was down slightly. Our adjusted investment in other income was impacted by a lower average cash balance due to the acquisition, as well as some of debt for the last 2 months, which created interest expense as related to borrowings to partially finance the Phoenix acquisition. Our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2011 was unusually low due to a favorable resolution of an uncertain tax position during the quarter, which reduced our tax contingency reserve requirements. Our effective rate for the fourth quarter of 2012 was slightly above our new expected rate of 38% to 38.75%. This unusually high amount was due partially to a loss in a particular country where we did not -- we're not able to book a tax benefit. Moving on to Slide 14. We continue to have a strong balance sheet with approximately $210 million of cash and $254 million of debt. As I mentioned earlier, the debt was incurred to finance a portion of the Phoenix purchase price and this debt was obtained under our previously announced revolving debt facility. Our net CapEx for the quarter was approximately $12 million. We expect our 2013 CapEx to be approximately $55 million. Also during the fourth quarter of 2012, we repurchased approximately 1,453,000 shares at an average price of $61.92. We're now going to move on to a discussion of some of our pro forma condensed, combined financial information. On January 14, we filed an 8-K, which represents historic pro forma results of C.H. Robinson and Phoenix combined. We've received many questions about these pro formas, so we thought it would be a good idea to cover them on this call. We have slightly reformatted these income statements from the 8-K to a format similar to those presented in this earnings release. While these historic results and ratios may or may not be a good indicator of future results, we do believe they provide a good point of reference. As you can see, Phoenix had a higher net revenue margin than CHR, there's about -- there was about 20% for the periods presented compared to the mid-teens for C.H. Robinson. This would have had a combined impact of 30 to 40 basis points compared to historic C.H. Robinson transportation net revenue margins. It is common for international forwarding services, including ours and others in the marketplace, to have a higher net revenue margin than C.H. Robinson's business mix as a whole. Moving on to Slide 16, which shows some of the operating expense and operating income impacts of the combined financials. Had we owned Phoenix in the periods presented and the business performed how they did, our operating income as a percent of the net revenues would've been lower. As you can see, the annual amortization expense based on our purchase accounting is $16.3 million per year, or about 1% of the combined net revenues for the periods presented. Phoenix had operating income as a percentage of net revenue, excluding this amortization, of approximately 30%. CHRW was a little over 40%. Both their personnel and other operating expenses were a greater percentage of net revenues than C.H. Robinson's. Like with discussions about net revenues on the previous slides, these historic results are not meant to be a prediction of the future, but again, we do believe they provide valuable information. With that recap of the historic combined pro forma financial statements, I will turn it back to John for a look ahead to 2013.
John P. Wiehoff: Okay. So on our last slide, Page 17 in the deck, there are a handful of bullets for your consideration about forward-looking thinking and talking about 2013. For the past couple of years on these conference calls, for most of them, we've been able to provide some current period data points around truckload volumes or daily net revenue growth to help you understand the trends or current changes in the business. With the changes in our business mix and integration activity that's going on, we do not have complete realtime data on any of those metrics, and we also have some meaningful mix shifts going on that were discussed throughout our fourth quarter results here. Given all that, we do not have January's books closed and we feel it would be more prudent to keep our comments to the directional insights of what we see happening in the business, as we integrate and get back to more Realtime information, we'll continue to reassess what we can share in the future. From a directional standpoint, the North American truckload business is what we have the best visibility to on a daily basis. During the fourth quarter of 2012, October growth was our best; December finished very poorly; and January of 2013 began very weak, as well, from a both a volume and margin standpoint. The month of January in 2013 for North American-only full truckload did finish with volume growth comparable to our 2012 results. Unfortunately, though, we did continue to have year-over-year margin compression during that period as well. We've shared this before but when you look at normal truckload activity for the first quarter of the year, it is a very common pattern that January has the lowest per-day volume and the highest margins. And throughout the quarter, it will generally trend down, with March being the busiest day -- or busiest month per day, as well as typically declining margins as the market will start to tighten up. Whether or not our truckload margins will drop in that pattern or drop steeper, still remains unknown. So while we did get off to a slow start in January, the most important part of the quarter for that component of our net revenues remains to be seen. I referenced earlier the strategic alignment and the focus on the Air and Ocean and Global Forwarding business, the elimination of our Payment Services. Because of the financial reporting treatment that those transactions generated, we will continue to see T-Chek historical numbers in the prior year period for all of 2013. So as you look ahead and think about how our business will perform in the future, we will continue to see comparisons impacted by Payment Services throughout 2013. Chad referenced the over $16 million of amortization that will come in. And I spoke earlier about the integration approach to Phoenix, one of the things that's probably important to expand on that, if you look at how we're managing 1 network and what some of the key integration objectives are, at the core of it is the IT and systems integration, where we are taking our proprietary system and modifying it to close the gaps and make it workable for the entire network. While it's a pretty significant activity for us, it's all internal cost that are being re-prioritized and reassigned, and it will be impossible for us to create quantified measurement for that. But there's no question that we will be continuing to exert a lot of significant focus and cost towards the integration of Phoenix. When we closed that deal and every day since, we've continued to talk about this being a growth opportunity, that our focus while we will try to create cost synergies and make our business more efficient over time, we are very focused today on keeping our customers, continuing to serve them at a very high level and looking for the types of improvements that I referenced earlier around opportunities to put the networks together. So all of that said, with the growth part of it and the integration costs, we are very focused on the top line and growing our business and serving our customers on the global forwarding business in 2013. I talked a couple of times now about net revenue margin compression, and the fact that we've had it for 3 years in a row now based on our transportation summary that we put out there. Just a thought that I'd like to share around that, as I said earlier, it's very difficult to predict what's going to happen in the market and what's going to happen with those net revenue margins. But one of the things that I think is important, if you look at how we've responded to these changes over the last 3 years and how we expect to continue to respond to the net revenue margin opportunities, is that we are very focused on taking market share and growing our business. When we think about all of the factors that come into the net revenue margin compression around a very balanced market for a sustained period of time, the mix shifts in the business to more dedicated, more intermodal, more static route guys with a lot of the shippers. When you look at the competitive factors and all of the technology changes that have occurred with shippers and electronic bids, we've received a lot of questions over the last couple of years about the impacts of all of those on our net revenue margins. And while it's very difficult or impossible to isolate or quantify the specific impact of any of those, we have made the clear choice that we are going to continue to grow our business. And if the market continues to be difficult and generate net revenue margin compression for us, our strategy is to accept the productivity challenges that come with that and continue to invest in our technology, in our account management and business process opportunities to make our model more effective and more competitive going forward. So it's a difficult thing to predict. I know it's been a recurring topic for the last couple of years, and probably won't go away soon. But it is something that we feel like we're reacting to and that we have a plan to adjust our business and grow, and hopefully we'll see some market chances that will help it in the future. Last couple of bullet points. We still see ourselves as the core competencies in a service organization driven by people and technology. We have plans to continue to invest aggressively in both of those in 2013. We're continuing to take a long-term approach towards recruiting the right type of people and training them and investing in the industry knowledge and competitive differences that we think will make a long-term difference. So we're going to continue to do that. We have some very exciting technology releases on our Navisphere platform and really converting, not only combining the global forwarding services, but all of our service offerings in a way that we think is pretty neat. And the last point that I'll touch on is that throughout these transactions, we've talked about our capital structure and the longtime philosophy of no debt and we shared on the last call and wanted to reiterate again, Chad referenced the continued share repurchase activity in the quarter. We also announced a pretty meaningful dividend increase since our last conference call. And we do intend to continue to increase our dividends and accelerate or continue our share repurchase programs, and we're continuing to look for acquisition and investment opportunities. The net of which, while we haven't really defined any specific parameters, we do intend to move forward with a slightly more aggressive capital structure that we use our balance sheet a little bit to help our growth and help our diversification throughout these market changes. That culminates our prepared comments for the fourth quarter and with that, we'll open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Nate Brochmann, William Blair.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Wanted to talk on a little bit, I mean, obviously you've given a lot of nice color around some of the pressures on the gross margins. But wanted to talk a little bit more specifically, like on the fourth quarter and then to what you've seen so far in January where, I mean it seems like truckload pricing is kind of down a little bit. Just wondering what you think currently is kind of causing that additional pressure and maybe whether that some of your larger longer-term customers are trying to lock-in rates ahead of any potential capacity squeezes?
John P. Wiehoff: Specifically, what's happened in the pricing in January, that's the sort of metric that we don't have scrubbed yet until we really close the books. But I would say just anecdotally from interacting with our people, I haven't seen or heard any significant changes in the pricing approach. What I can share, though, is that one of the things we've talked about a lot internally is that it just feels like, in our customer base, there were a lot of examples of customers that did fairly meaningful year-end plant shutdown, and inventory management and slower ramp-ups into the current year. So our hope is that, that, that was big part of what we were seeing, is just diminished year-end activity that carry over into January. Things did change as the month went on, and I don't think feel like there's -- I'm not aware of any material shifts or changes in the bidding activity or pricing activity in our business.
John G. Larkin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just a second question regarding Phoenix, I know it's really early, you're only 2 months into it, and there's a lot of transitions taking place. But so far, could you talk about like the general customer acceptance and whether you've seen already any significant opportunities on the cross-selling side?
John P. Wiehoff: Customer activity, I would say customer reception has been very positive by our judgment, both, Phoenix has a very diverse customer base. So they don't have any large customers that constitute a heavy percentage of their business. But at the same time, we and they are not aware of any significant losses from a customer or people standpoint. Both -- all of the Robinson global forwarding offices continue to sell and there have been some wins. It probably would be unfair to say that there has been any known wins due to the combination or synergies. I think both teams have good momentum and are continuing to sell. Most of the shorter-term wins have been on the realignment of the network with agents or offices or service contracts or the procurement side of it. So we feel very positive about the cultural fit. I think the teams are working together very well. There have been some tangible wins on the cost side that maybe didn't benefit the fourth quarter that much, but we feel pretty good about benefiting 2013. In terms of cross-selling, integrating, sharing account management practices, a lot of that needs to be facilitated by some of the IT integration that's going to take a little bit longer for us to get into. So hopefully as 2013 wears on, we'll feel more confident about our go-to-market benefits from the acquisition. But at least to date, we feel very good about the absence of any disruption.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Tom Wadewitz with JPMorgan.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Let's see. A question on the cost side, I think, John, you just mentioned that you had some wins on the cost side. I was wondering, I guess, in fourth quarter, was there anything on the amortization that was unusual? You didn't mention that. But then, looking at cost side in 2013, can you give any kind of framework for what these cost wins would be that you're talking about, how substantial they might be?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Yes. To start -- this is Chad, to start with the amortization, the only piece that would be unusual in the fourth quarter is that it only had 2 months, because we only owned the company starting November 1. So as far as the cost wins on the synergies, I think there will be some cost of hire as we leverage freight and look at each other, as like John was mentioning, each other's freight rates with different service providers, and leverage each other's contracts with both Air and Ocean business, as well as, we've always talked about, we don't expect any immediate cost synergies in the deal, it's all going to be about integrating and doing the best of both. And from any significant perspective, we will be growing, hopefully be able to, once the significant acquisition integration efforts are done, continue to leverage the overhead rather than really ever looking for significant changes in the overhead structure.
Elizabeth Mielke - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. But you're not talking about a significant headcount reduction or something along those lines, in terms of the cost wins?
Chad M. Lindbloom: No. What we -- what our plan is for the Phoenix integration, is that we believe in the short-term that by carrying all of the people from both organizations, we have the incremental resources to focus on integration and all the changed management stuff that we need to do. And as that occurs and as our system gets more efficient, when it comes time to -- that we could get by more efficiently on fewer resources, our hope is to have grown the business to keep jobs for everybody, so that the long-range plan is that it's a growth strategy and if we're successful, we would hope that for the next 3 to 5 years, we can grow our net revenues much faster than we would grow our operating expenses. But that was a part of what I was trying to share in our 2013 outlook, that I think the history of Global Forwarding mergers and acquisitions is that everybody who has gone after cost synergies too aggressively has disrupted their customer relationships and services to the point where it's helped -- turned out to be a bad deal, and we're taking a very long term approach around the continuity to our relationships and our service and trying to create the synergies and the deal over a little bit longer period of time through a growth platform.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just a short follow-up. I might've missed this, but you said the loads in North American truck, up about 10% in January, best you can tell. Is there any sense of net revenue in North American truck in January? Is it flat or...
Chad M. Lindbloom: I did not say 10% in January, I said the volume growth approximated what it was. Again, we're -- with all of the mix shifts that we've had, it's -- we want to be more comfortable closing the books before we say precisely what it would be. But we did have meaningful margin compression year-over-year in January, as well, that reduced our net revenue growth from the volume similar to the last couple of years.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Chris Wetherbee with Citi.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a question, just trying to make sure I understand. From a fourth quarter perspective, if you were to back out the Phoenix acquisition when you think about that transportation margin, is it fair to use that the 30 to 40 basis points that you highlighted, kind of on a broader basis, historically? Is that about the impact that you think you saw?
John P. Wiehoff: Yes. In that range. I mean, slightly less. Because I think that Forwarding, if I remember, I'm going by memory right now, but I think that Forwarding net revenue margin was a little lower than 20%. And one of the challenges is that the pro forma stuff is annualized and margins can change a lot from quarter-to-quarter, with tapering off at the end of the year. And so it's really going to take a year or so to make sure that we get the seasonality and fluctuations of the buy/sell margins understood.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So that would, I guess, kind of imply that you had either a flat or maybe a slight deceleration or a decrease in the margin on a sequential basis, just wanted to get, maybe, a little bit of color around how you're thinking about, was that really the impact of December that you talked about, as far as maybe plant and customer shutdowns? Or was there -- or was it just a tighter, tougher market for you in the fourth quarter? Just wanted to get a better understanding of that.
John P. Wiehoff: I think in the margin compression was comparable to the previous quarters. It just wasn't -- started looking better in October and then softened near the end.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And my follow-up would just be on the Air side. Just want to get a rough sense. We've heard from a few other players that maybe it was a little bit tighter in the air, than maybe what your results would suggest. I think you saw some margin expansion there, just wanted to get a sense of what, kind of, your view on the fourth quarter from an Air perspective was?
John P. Wiehoff: Yes. I think the primary thing, a significant percentage of the airfreight is co-loaded with multiple customers. And we were very small in the Air Services business, and Phoenix too, is larger in the Ocean than in the Air. So that's one of the examples of where, just the combined volumes pretty quickly led to some opportunities for co-loading to make -- to improve things. That's probably the most short-term, specific example of cost synergies that we could give just because in that business, it's so much about consolidation dynamics that if you double the volumes it's almost certain to be a pretty good thing.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Yes, I would add, even excluding folding the 2 companies' freight together, C.H. Robinson's Air volumes, or our density in certain lanes were getting better, which were driving to much better net revenue margins compared to a year ago.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jason Seidl with Dahlman Rose.
Jason H. Seidl - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: If I could go on the net margins there. You mentioned that January had some continued pressure, and I think you said significant. So am I to interpret that as January's net revenue margins are going to be more significantly under pressure than December's were?
Chad M. Lindbloom: No, I think John's comment on under the pressure is compared to last year is January, not sequential comparisons.
John P. Wiehoff: Correct.
Jason H. Seidl - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: So sequentially, how did they look?
John P. Wiehoff: Yes, they were about the same. I mean, there was an -- 20 or so basis points, sequentially.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Remember, by that time we report the first quarter, December and January are the least significant of the fourth and first quarter. I'm not sure that, especially when you look at the holiday seasons and the time of where the holidays fall within the business week, those cut-offs can be a little deceptive, so I'm not sure how helpful the sequential net revenue margin activity is in our business.
Jason H. Seidl - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Fair enough. And my follow-up question here, when you look at the LTL growth, it continued to outpace truckload throughout the year, do you expect that to continue in 2013 here?
John P. Wiehoff: We definitely have better momentum in that business. I'm not aware of anything that would change that. So our hope would be that we would continue to see significant growth on that, yes.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Scott Group with Wolfe Trahan.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: So I wanted to take another stab at the question around the margins. If we can try and focus just on the North America, the Truck business, how are gross margins in fourth quarter, year-over-year, compared with third quarter year-over-year? And then in terms of your comment on January, is January, on a year-over-year basis, better or worse than what fourth quarter was? Just trying to get a sense if the year-over-year compression is getting less worse or if it's getting worse, when we think about the core Truck business in North America.
John P. Wiehoff: I guess we never release our truckload net revenue margins and we're not going to start to now. So if you go over the total transportation net revenue margins, which obviously Truck is the biggest driver of it, you can see that 2011's third quarter was 16.4%; 2012 was 15.6%. In quarter 4, it was 16.3%, for 2011, and 15.8%. So maybe that 15.8% is the equivalent of 15.5% or 15.6%, if you back out the estimated impacts of Phoenix. Besides that, that's about as far as we'll go.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: And do you have any thoughts on January, if it's getting less worse?
John P. Wiehoff: I think the primary thought that we discussed in our internal review was what I already shared, was that December ended very softly and January began very softly. I think month-over-month, it feels fairly consistent. But it's really difficult to tell 1 month into the quarter, particularly with December and January, that are the lesser of the months.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: And maybe just with that, do you think that the January compression, is that another step down in yields? Or is that more a continuation of what you saw in 2012? Meaning, if I remember correctly, that January '12, actually, was off to a decent start from a yield perspective, and the yields got -- the margins got worse throughout the year. So is this just, that we haven't grandfathered or lapped the comp? Or is it taking another step down, I guess? Just trying to understand.
John P. Wiehoff: So as I said earlier, it's a common seasonal pattern for us that margins expand during January as the month goes on, and then contracts as the spring activity starts to pick up. So it is the case that January margins started out good last year, relative, which would always be the case. So I think our overall message sort of stands, that there's nothing really unique or different that we're aware of about January versus the fourth quarter. But unfortunately, there continues to be year-over-year net revenue margin compression in our truckload services.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. And then just last thing, if I can. You've talked about last year, getting to a mid to upper 40s net operating margin. With Phoenix and being a lower margin business, is that still the goal, or is that tougher to get to now?
John P. Wiehoff: I would say as freight forwarding in general as Phoenix or otherwise, if that continues to become a bigger percentage of the business, it would be more difficult to get there. I -- there's no -- I mean, the highest net operating income to net revenue ratios as I've seen for a quarter are 31%, 32%. Our Forwarding business was nowhere close to that. But Phoenix's was. They were already at 30% for the historic information that we presented. So will it -- will it make it harder, if it becomes a bigger percentage of the total business? Yes, it would make it harder to get operating income to net revenue on a consolidated basis to 45%.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Ceraso with Credit Suisse.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So how much of the compression that you've seen in gross margin over the past several quarters is just a function of the TL industry and the fact that it's been balanced, et cetera, as you mentioned, versus how much do you think is a function of your efforts to gain share and maybe some price concessions you've had to make to do that?
John P. Wiehoff: Well, I think that's one of the core questions that we and all of you have been struggling with for the last couple of years. I feel like our -- the outcome of net revenue margin compression over the last couple of years, one of the reasons why I highlighted the 10-year trend is that, if you go back 4 years to late 2008, early 2009 and you see our all-time highs and the 10-year highs on that net revenue margin, we were saying then, and it was not at all surprising to us, that those margins would cycle back to more longer-term averages. Now the fact that they've cycled down for all of 3 years and have cycled to lows and all the questions around secular impacts versus cyclical, and kind of sorting out how much of it's the balanced market, how much of it is competition, how much of it is mix shift, how much of it is change in shipper's attitude, those are all real factors that we've acknowledged before, that I think they all play into the mix in one variety or another. And I guess, part of the prepared comments was really saying, because you can't sort them out, we have to make the choice of how we want to respond to the environment in aggregate, and our choice is clearly that in this balanced market, we want to stay near the top of that route guide, we want to have committed relationships to our customers and go after that market share. So again, it's just impossible to isolate the impact from any one of those variables. It's a combination of all those market factors.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then as a follow-up, you mentioned in -- at the end of your closing comments, John, about productivity being a critical factor. How do you measure that? And what are the benchmarks, kind of targets that you're looking at? And we can't really use the historical metrics for Robinson now, with the acquisition that those numbers get kind of thrown off. So what should we look at to gauge your performance in terms of productivity?
John P. Wiehoff: Good question, and that's why we added the pro forma slides around the comparisons. We have pages of productivity metrics but the most visible and simplest one is operating income as a percentage of net revenue. We look at that by branch, by customer, whatever we can, to understand our profitability. So one of the things that we feel strong about in our business model is that we have lower net revenue margin freight that we think is some of the best freight that we have. If it's highly automated, repetitive, dedicated freight that we can be very efficient with, the ultimate measurement of the freight, or evaluation of the freight desirability and our productivity gets down to the profitability per shipment or that operating income per branch, per customer, per person, however we look at it. So if, in fact, the combination of market forces, balanced market, competitive factors, evolution of technology, does have a cumulative compression impact on our net revenue margins, that puts pressure on all of us to use technology and use process improvement to be more productive, and make sure that we're generating -- hopefully generating the same kind of operating income or operating margins per shipment that we go after. So in my prepared comments, that's precisely the point I was trying to emphasize is that, while we can't isolate the variables, our management strategy and response to the cumulative effect of all of them has been consistent, and I don't see us changing that.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Yes, I would just add, as the mix of business continues to shift from here, if it does continue to shift with the benchmark of the somewhere around, just in round numbers, low 40% operating income to net revenue for C.H. Robinson, non-straightforward international forwarding, and hopeful of benchmarks to maintain and grow some of our freight forwarding operating income as a percent of net revenue up closer to the Phoenix benchmark of 30%, as those 2, if you look at those 2 separately -- and again, it's impossible to measure it precisely, but if you looked at those 2 separately, that shift of mix will continue to have an impact on those ratios, as we pointed out. And all the other ones, too, like net revenue per person, net personnel expense per person, all those different things will be shifting because of the change in business.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Thomas Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: To what extent can you quantify the magnitude of growth from the share gains versus the organic growth? And then, if you might be able to just to highlight which areas within Truck, I mean, is it LTL or TL, where you might be gaining more share?
John P. Wiehoff: We gave the truckload volume separate to be 10% for the full year; 12% for the quarter; about 8% for North America because of the comparable volume growth, because of the Apreo acquisition, with all that short haul freight; and then we gave a volume growth for LTL, as well, of 16%. So there are various industry benchmarks on shipment growth, but our best estimate would be low single-digit growth in terms of GDP type growth in the shipment activity. So if we have double-digit volume activity, that's what would lead us to believe that we did gain market share in both of those services, probably more effectively in LTL as I think that our value proposition and market conditions are a little bit more stable there today. So a lot of the changes that we've been discussing about the balanced market and those are kind of specific more to the truckload dynamics.
Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And if I could just add onto that, where do you think your market share is today? And then, where would you like it to be and, basically, at what point you feel like that is the number where you're comfortable with, that you have relative market positioning?
John P. Wiehoff: Market share on Truckload is a tough calculation. I think there's kind of 2 primary ways to look at it. One would be the percentage of the total truckload universe, which we believe by that calculation, we have a very small percentage, probably somewhere around 3% of the total North American truckload market. Another way to look at it is, of the percentage of the truckload market that runs through some sort of 3PL or broker, again, analyst estimates would be that, that's maybe 15% to 20% of the total market. And then our share of that market would be something more approaching the 8% or 10%, or even a little -- as high as 15%, maybe, Chad is saying. So when we think about market share gains, those are both important calculations because, one, we believe that the third party industry is taking share within the total truckload sector, and that, that is an important secular trend that we've been benefiting from for the last couple of decades. And we believe there are a lot of good reasons why that hopefully will continue. We also believe that by being the largest, and in many ways, we hope the most capable, that we've been able to take share within that third-party market, as well, too. So when we think about taking share, it's both about outperforming our direct competitors, as well as us all collectively, hopefully continuing to be a better service and value and price proposition for the shippers, so that we collectively can penetrate the truckload market.
Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I appreciate all that. I'm just trying to get a gauge as to at what point does the company believe it would have reached that point where it's quite comfortable? And I guess, obviously a lot of these numbers are quite tricky, and I can appreciate the challenges of trying to get to a proper or an exact, precise market share number. But I mean, if it's not necessarily a percentage, is it a time frame that we should be looking at?
John P. Wiehoff: Well, I think, today, if you look at -- I think our decision, if you're challenging, saying when would we change our thought process about taking market share, I would say that today, while our margins are compressing, we still very feel very comfortable about the profitability of our entire portfolio. And so as long as we feel that we can grow our business and grow our profitability, and the incremental freight is profitable in creating value, we'd continue to do what we're doing. We do know that we have more competitors that are focused on taking market share, and probably less concerned about profitability than we are. And if we sensed that the market was stagnating and that competitive factors were such that many people were buying market share or going after freight that they could not be profitable at, at some point, we would back off in terms of our growth aspirations if we were not able to be profitable on the incremental growth that we're going after. But today, we feel very comfortable with that. It may not be as profitable as it was the year before, but we still feel like it's adding a lot of value.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of William Greene with Morgan Stanley.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: John, one of the things you've said in the past is that over long periods of time, you've tended toward a top and bottom line growth rate of around 15%, and you didn't sort of reiterate that comment in some of your outlook here, and I'm just curious if that was change that you intended to convey, or am I reading way too much into sort of a lack of comment?
John P. Wiehoff: I guess the way I feel about that topic is, when we've referenced it in the past, we've always referenced it from deregulation in 1980 up until the current, that we're talking about it in terms of decades. I don't believe we've ever felt that during periods of recession, or more difficult economic growth, we've always acknowledged those growth rates are going to fluctuate and be much more difficult to achieve. I'm not sure if we're in a decade of slower growth, where that's going to be the more extended period of time, where it's going to be difficult or impossible to achieve that growth rate. But I do know that most people interact with us, don't really care about the next 10 years, they only care about a shorter horizon than that. So it doesn't feel relevant to talk about it right now. But we haven't given up on the fact that over decades and long periods of time, we still think there's tremendous opportunity to take share and grow our business.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: No, yes, of course, you're right. The folks on this call probably care a little bit shorter time than 10 years, but -- the second question is just on, you know about all of this, I'm sure you read about it in the press, this whole near-sourcing of manufacturing and whatnot in the U.S. You guys have gone and made a freight forwarding acquisition, which presumably will tap into some of the global freight flows. But can you talk a little bit about your capabilities to benefit from any near sourcing? Or is that something that you don't really have enough presence in Mexico, or maybe Phoenix got that for you or whatnot? Maybe just talk a little bit about how that could play out?
John P. Wiehoff: I think that's a good question. When we talk about mix shift, for a long time, we were talking about extended supply chains and extended lengths of haul, particularly within Truckload, probably from some of the intermodal competitive factors, as well as changes in shipper supply chain strategies. That we do think there has been some shortening of the supply chain over the last couple of years. Now whether that will continue or not remains to be seen. We have been very successful in Mexico the past couple of decades when we talk about North American transportation, that includes a meaningful business in Mexico that we feel we have great competencies with. So the significant increases in manufacturers who are moving to Mexico, that's something we feel we have and can continue to benefit from them. I think the increase in LTL is probably also something that with those shorter supply chains, comes more frequent smaller shipments, generally, as well, too. So the fact that we're integrating our services, focusing more on things like network analysis, management services, technology, greater concentration of LTL shipments, all of those are ways that we can interact with a shipper to evolve to a new environment where they're going to need a different mix of services. But we feel well-positioned to continue to evolve with them. When you take away some of that traditional long haul truckload freight, that doesn't help the margins in our traditional North American Truckload business. But it's probably, that whole story, is maybe a good example of why we still feel good about our long-term value proposition, even though the market forces maybe contributing to some truckload net revenue compression.
Tim Gagnon: Unfortunately, we're out of time, so that will have to be our last question. We apologize that we could not get to all the questions today. Thank you for participating in our Fourth Quarter 2012 Conference Call. This call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the C.H. Robinson website at www.chrobinson.com. It will also be available by dialing (800) 406-7325 and entering the passcode 4594691#. The replay will be available at approximately 7 p.m. Eastern Time today. If you have additional questions, please call me, Tim Gagnon, at (952) 683-5007. Thank you.
Operator: Sir, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you very much for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Angela K. Freeman - Vice President of Investor Relations and Public Affairs John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Chad M. Lindbloom - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co. John L. Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Christopher J. Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Third Quarter 2012 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Tuesday, October 23, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to Angie Freeman.
Angela K. Freeman: Thank you. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, CEO; and Chad Lindbloom, CFO. John and Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our third quarter performance. We will follow that with a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate the discussion. Slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is located at chrobinson.com. John and Chad will be referring to the slides in their prepared comments. Finally, I would like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. And with that, I'll turn it over to John.
John P. Wiehoff: Thank you, Angie, and thanks to everybody who has taken the time to listen to our third quarter call. I'm going to start my prepared comments on Page 3 of the slide deck that Angie referenced. That slide highlights some of our overall key metrics for the quarter around our financial performance. For the third quarter, our total revenues grew 6.9%. Our net revenues grew 2.3%. Total revenues grew faster than our net revenues due to our volume growth and the impact of net revenue margin compression. Our income from operations grew 1.8%, and our earnings per share increased 2.9% to $0.72 per share. Chad will make some prepared comments later on about our operating expenses but overall, the goal of our business model is that our net revenue and earnings growth should approximate each other, so we felt for the quarter that our model performed as expected. While those are some of the key financial metrics for the quarter, I'm going to go into some comments by each of the various services that we offer. But before we do that, I thought since many of those comments by service line are consistent with the last couple of quarters that I would start by highlighting some of what the overall trends and events in the environment that we feel are dominant throughout our explanations. We've talked a lot this year and the last about the change in the marketplace, especially around shippers and in a slower growth environment that in the balance of their supply chains around growth and efficiency that we have felt a lot more focused on efficiency. When we're meeting with our customers, there generally is a very aggressive approach towards trying to reduce cost and improve efficiencies in their transportation spend and supply chain, much more so the last couple of years versus a higher focus on growth for new initiatives like there would have been in previous periods. In addition, we continue to feel significant cost pressures from the carriers in terms of the underlying commodities and wages that drive their cost pressure, which we feel is some of the overall things that are driving our margin compression. What we've talked about and will again this quarter is from a high-level how we're reacting to this environment and managing our business. We continue to look at all of the various services that we offer at Robinson, and I'll finish by making some comments about some of our previous press releases and the investments that we're making in realigning our portfolio of services. We've talked a lot and are very focused internally on our productivity. While we've always been proud of our productivity metrics, the current environment is really pushing us to continue to seek new ways to be more efficient and to pass some of those efficiencies onto our customers and carriers. We continue to invest a lot in people and technology. We'll talk about our hires and how we're continuing to invest in our team and as well as our technology spend continues to advance. We're focused on scale when we talk about the portfolio of services and the things that we're investing in. We do believe that it's becoming more and more important that we have the right size to be competitive in a lot of the services that we're offering. So overall, we're evolving our customer relationships to be more integrated with them, to respond to the environment and pressure that they're under and to offer more value-added services within transportation and logistics. While we haven't had the type of earnings growth this year that we're striving for, we do feel good about our investment and our competitive position for the future. Moving in to the comments on our overall transportation services on Slide 4. Transportation net revenues were up 2.2% in the third quarter. Almost all of our transportation services had volume growth offset by net revenue margin compression. I'll comment specifically on the pricing for each of those services as we go through them. Our transportation net revenue margin declined in the third quarter of 2012 compared to the third quarter of 2011. While it was at the low end of our 10-year range for third quarters, it did show some improvement sequentially during the quarter. Moving to Page 5 in our truck results. Reminder that truck net revenue includes both truckload and LTL and combined they grew 2.1% in the third quarter. We believe the volume gains for both truckload and less-than-truckload do reflect market share gains. Our truckload pricing for the quarter was flat year-over-year. And similar to my comments about overall transportation, the truckload net revenue margins compressed year-over-year. And similar to my comment, we did see some sequential easing in that compression throughout the quarter. Moving to Slide 6 for intermodal. We did have mid-single-digit volume increase in our intermodal shipments throughout the third quarter. Net revenue margin declined due to the changing mix of our business and increased cost pressures from the capacity providers. Our intermodal business is evolving as we've discussed in past quarters around more commitments to some owned containers and some dedicated intermodal volumes that are helping us change the mix of the business to a more committed and longer-term relationships but coming with some margin compression as well. Moving to Page 7 with our ocean and air or global forwarding results. Most of our experience here was fairly typical to what's happening in those industries. Our ocean volumes were down slightly. Our air net revenue decline of 9% was maybe a little bit unique compared to what's happening in the industry, while the volume overall from our perspective has declined significantly. The international and domestic air services, we did have some volume growth due to our small base and greater focus of certain lanes where we're trying to grow our air volumes. Because of the overall industry declines and the significant price declines in the market while we had that volume increase and some net revenue margin improvement, it still led to a net revenue decrease for the quarter of 9%. I'll come back to this at the end of the prepared comments but obviously, one of the most significant announcements we had was the investment in the company, Phoenix International, to help grow and strengthen our global forwarding service in both the ocean and air categories. Moving to Page 8, our other logistics services continues to be one of the bright spots in terms of higher net revenue growth for us this year. Net revenue growth was 16.6% in the quarter. As a reminder, again, the primary services included in this category include our transportation management services and our customs brokerage business. We do continue to see the long-term trend of growth with outsource and transportation management relationships and including more value added services as a result of the overall environment that I discussed in my opening comments. Moving to Slide 9 around our Sourcing services. Sourcing net revenues grew 2% in the third quarter. Similar to our transportation services, we did have some volume growth, offset by net revenue margin compression. We do source a variety of fresh fruits and vegetable commodities, and those commodities fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. Probably the most significant highlight from a commodity perspective was the continued strength of our melon activity, primarily from the Timco acquisition that had some positive growth in the quarter. Last, on Page 10, our Payment Services. We're up 4.2% for the quarter. This reflects our subsidiary, T-Chek Systems, which we announced last week that we sold effective October 16. In that call, we talked about the components of the services and how the industry is consolidating and changing. So I'm not going to repeat a lot of that conversation. But in that previously recorded call, we did outlay the reasons why we felt scale and industry consolidation was changing things to make it so that we would be less competitive in the service offering and chose to divest. So those are the prepared comments by service line. I'll turn it over to Chad for some comments on our summarized income statement, and then I will wrap it up with some overall thoughts about our alignment of strategy.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Thank you, John. Slide 11 is our summarized income statement. I'd like to highlight a few things for the quarter. We are pleased to -- we are pleased that we continue to operate very efficiently. In the third quarter, our operating income as a percentage of net revenue was slightly lower than the third quarter of 2011, but at 43.3% was still at the high end of our historic range. In the third quarter of 2012, our headcount ended the quarter 8.5% higher than last year's third quarter, but our personnel expenses increased less than 1%. Increases in salaries and other expenses related to the increased headcount were largely offset by reductions in some of our incentive compensation and equity compensation programs that are based on growth and earnings. Our stock-based compensation expense for the quarter was approximately $4.5 million compared to $9.5 million in the third quarter of 2011. Growth and other operating expenses was driven by increases in many different areas, including travel, provision for doubtful accounts and approximately $1.5 million of acquisition and divestiture, legal fees and due diligence fees, both from a legal and accounting perspective. Talking about travel. Our people have continued to focus on long-term growth. Our people are out working on sales and account development, which has led to this increased travel. Phoenix due diligence also increased our travel expenses during the quarter. Moving on to Slide 12, we continue to have a strong balance sheet with cash and cash equivalents at the end of the quarter of approximately $273 million. Since the end of the quarter, we have also received $302.5 million for the sale of T-Chek and expect to use $571.5 million for the cash portion of the purchase price of Phoenix at the end of the year. We expect to enter into a $500 million revolving credit facility by the end of this month due in part to finance the acquisition of Phoenix. Moving onto our capital expenditure activity. Our net CapEx, including investments in software, was approximately $13.9 million for the quarter. As we mentioned last quarter, we took delivery of 500 additional intermodal containers, bringing our fleet to a total of 1,000. The cost of these incremental 500 containers was approximately $6.6 million. $2.2 million of that was paid in Q3 of 2012 and as we mentioned, $2.8 million of that was included in our second quarter's capital expenditures. During the third quarter of 2012, we repurchased 1,079,674 shares at an average price of $54.99. The share repurchase happened in the first half of the quarter. During the second half of the quarter, we ceased repurchasing shares because the company was in possession of material nonpublic information. And now I'll turn it back to John for some closing prepared comments regarding our strategic alignment.
John P. Wiehoff: As I mentioned earlier, since we've had several press releases since our last earnings release, we thought maybe we would just share some prepared comments to tie together some of our activities and plans for the future. We announced an acquisition of Apreo in Poland towards the beginning of the quarter. We also announced the acquisition of Phoenix International, which I referenced earlier. When we look at our plans for the future and our portfolio of services, one of the conclusions that we reached is that both in the European continent and in our global forwarding services, we feel that there are opportunities to improve our growth prospects and our competitiveness by being larger and investing in some scale. While we've been talking about expanding our global forwarding network and looking for strategic investments for quite some time, we've also talked about the fact that we were going to have a very high filter on the cultural fit and making certain that we've thought there was good synergies to the types of organizations that we would combine with. We did feel that Phoenix was a very unique opportunity for us and that it's a great cultural fit, and it will allow us to really change the scale that we operate within the global forwarding business. So in reviewing our portfolio, because supply chains are more global and many of our services are connecting with our customers on a more global basis, and because scale matters in the effectiveness of those services, we felt it was an easy decision to move forward with making an investment like that. Similarly, as my comments earlier around T-Chek, when we look at the consolidation in the Payment Services industry and the card services that T-Chek operates in, there's a comparable movement towards consolidation and competitors focusing in on scale that we did not think had the good synergies to connect to the rest of our services, and that it made sense for us to divest rather than growing our scale in that service. When we look at the other services in our portfolio, we feel like the remaining services that we offer today do all fit in our long-term strategy. We will also continue to look to invest in scale and growth opportunities in the other services that we offer. We'll be very focused on the integration with Phoenix International for the next 1 or 2 years, so it's unlikely that we would make material investments along that service line. But there are other services that we offer we believe that we could continue to look for opportunities to grow those more aggressively. I'll close on the bottom half of Page 13. I know that the realignment of our business and the financing for Phoenix acquisition has raised questions about our capital structure and our expectations going forward. First and foremost, we need to close the Phoenix transaction and close our financing facility that we expect to over the next couple of weeks. But what we did want to share is that while we're going to continue to look at that capital structure and make decisions around our dividends and share repurchase activity going forward, we do not expect to modify our dividend policy at this time. We will be having discussions with our board around the level of share repurchase activity. But we do expect to continue to repurchase shares. And as we get a clearer focus on what debt levels will be at and what philosophy we think makes sense going forward, we will share that with you in future periods, but we do expect to continue share repurchases to some degree as well. Those are our prepared comments. Thank you for listening. And at this point, we'll open it up for any other questions that you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: John, just wanted to talk a little bit -- I mean, obviously, there's a lot going on with your business, and I definitely applaud you for looking at the other areas of growth and see how things are changing. As supply chains kind of evolve and become more flexible, do you feel that you're now in a great position to kind of take advantage of that? Or are there still more pieces of the puzzle that you think that you need to add over time or other places that you'd like to be?
John P. Wiehoff: We are proud of what we think we can do from an integrated services standpoint to help a shipper with broader supply chain needs, everything from network analysis and modeling to all the various types of transportation or logistic needs that they might have. When you get into the specifics of our customer relationships and all the various needs that they have, it would be unrealistic to say that we have everything or that we feel that we can do anything that any of our customers would need. There's a lot of incremental information and analytical components of the supply chain that we really want to continue to strengthen. There's a number of inventory management and consolidation-type things that we know we can get a lot better at. Even within the transportation offerings, there are certain lanes or niches around hazardous materials or other things that we're working to invest more aggressively on. So we feel good about our footprint and the broader capabilities that we have. But we know there's also a lot of opportunity to continue to strengthen and expand the service menu.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And just how fast do you think that, that changes and continues to evolve? Obviously, you've seen a lot of change over the last couple of years as you alluded to. Does that change even more rapidly in terms of the adoption of kind of more complete solutions, or do you think that is just an evolutionary kind of track?
John P. Wiehoff: It's actually been going on for quite some time if you look at really over the last 10 years around some of our transportation management services and our global forwarding investments. I would say the macroeconomic environment and the change in our -- what we see as our customers focus on efficiency and cost savings over the last couple of years has fairly accelerated it. Whether it will stay that way probably has to do with the combination of how our customers and how the industries continue to change, and if they stay focused on efficiency and less focused on growth, or if we get back to an economic growth scenario, as well as how we interpret the investment opportunities in the marketplace and whether or not from a price and cultural fit standpoint we find the right sort of thing to invest more aggressively in.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Ben Hartford with Robert W. Baird.
Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Chad, you had mentioned the $1.5 million in legal and accounting fees and due diligence and then the additional expense associated with increased travel. The bad debt expense, did you quantify that? I guess I'm interested if we could just get -- if we could quantify this quarter in the other expense line item, how much is truly onetime versus recurring?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Sure. Let me talk about the provision for doubtful accounts. You can actually see that amount on the cash flow statement. Maybe -- I guess for the quarter you'd have to back into it because we only give a year-to-date cash flow statement. But the provision for doubtful accounts this year's third quarter was $4.5 million versus last year's third quarter was $2.9 million. As far as the onetime nature of the expenses, now there's $1.5 million approximately of specific dealer-related legal and outside accounting services related to primarily the acquisition, but there was also some legal fees associated with the divestiture of T-Chek in there as well. Those are definitely more of a onetime nature. We're not done with deal-related expenses on the acquisition because the deal hasn't closed yet. And there is an investment banking fee that is contingent upon closing that is close to $8 million. And then to get up to the estimated total amount of $8 million, there's also some additional tax and legal due diligence ongoing between the signing and closing.
Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. Good. And then I guess, John, when we think about -- we think about productivity. If you look at gross profit per employee, it appears that we're at an inflection point, at least as it relates to the year-over-year decline. Can we separate and how much is environmental versus how much is associated with the new hiring and the drag that, that's created on a gross profit per employee basis? I'm just trying to get a sense for how much of it is associated to the pressures that we're facing on a gross profit per unit basis as opposed to what might be related to the on-boarding of -- and the growth of the employee base.
Chad M. Lindbloom: This is Chad, and it's really difficult to isolate the 2 impacts because definitely, we know when we have tighter margin percentages it takes more work or more transactions to generate the same amount of net revenue. That compounded with the fact that we're up 8% or 9% in headcount, and in addition to that have replaced turnover. We're in the 20-plus percent range, 20% to 25% range of new -- people new within the last year. So definitely those people also generate less net revenue per person, but it's really difficult to precisely quantify the impact of the 2.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bill Greene with Morgan Stanley.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: John, can I ask you for a little bit more clarification on your comments about the repurchases? I understand that's a board decision. But is it management's view that a good use of capital now is to actually buy the shares when they're at a valuation that we've not seen for a very long time, if at all, since IPO. So I would think the more aggressive capital structure would make sense, but I'm curious as to what management would suggest the Board do.
John P. Wiehoff: Part of the reason for the way I phrased my comments was that for quite some time now, what we've said around our share repurchase philosophy is that we would use what we determine to be excess cash amounts to repurchase shares, and that it was more of a capital distribution philosophy than a valuation play. But we also always said that if we ever felt like the valuation parameters got to the low end or below our range for executing that philosophy, that we would reconsider. So given the fact that through these acquisitions, we will have some level of debt going into 2013 and because we do believe that the valuation is at a level that's lower than any time in the last 10 years from a multiple standpoint when we were looking at our purchase price activity, we do feel like a different philosophy probably makes sense. We need to spend some time with our Board to be precise around exactly what our new targets will be or exactly what parameters will execute those share repurchases under. But yes, we do feel like a different capital structure will be in place and is appropriate, given a low interest rate environment, the low valuation of the stock and some of the growth opportunities that we think we have.
Chad M. Lindbloom: For much of the period since we went public, it was only slightly accretive, if accretive at all, to repurchase shares based on the combination of where interest rates were, as well as where our PE was. Both of those have changed in the directions that obviously make share repurchases more accretive.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes, no, exactly. Lastly, just -- can you talk at all about the October trends? I arrived late to the call, so if you said that, I apologize. But I don't think I caught that.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Okay. We did not comment on the October trends. Part of the impact of the transactions that are happening, it makes those numbers less comparable or less indicative of what the whole quarter would be, even though the first 3 weeks of the quarter never does tell the whole story. But just so you realize that until we have a systems integration on the Phoenix acquisition starting with this quarter, we're not going to have daily net revenue information available like we do today. So for sure, beginning next quarter, we could not provide you what the first month or the first 3 weeks or 4 weeks of a month were. So we're going to have to discontinue the process going forward. We will give you -- through October 22, truckload volume per day was up 6.5%. In that if you exclude the T-Chek revenues from both quarters that our net revenue growth was up approximately 5% in that same period in October. Again, this is probably -- likely the last time that we'll be able to give you a number like that for the foreseeable future because of the systems integration or the lack of availability of comparable numbers on a daily basis. And then even once we do have a system integration, it will take another year to have comparable numbers.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: But even -- but Phoenix, they don't do truckload, do they?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Do not do truckload. We would have -- or they do not do a significant amount of truckload.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Right. So you would still have truckload, you just wouldn't have the total for the corporation.
John P. Wiehoff: Yes, we will not be able to give net revenue numbers the same way that we have been giving them in the past.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ken Hoexter with Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Chad, just to clarify, that you would still be able to get the truckload volumes on a per day basis, right? I mean, leaving off the total company net revenues, right?
Chad M. Lindbloom: The slightly less precision for the acquisition in Poland until it gets on our system, as well as any truckload activity that is -- and again, it's very small, that is booked by Phoenix. But we won't have the same level of precision for the next year or so on those numbers.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to follow up. John, you said on your opening slide, you aim to grow truck gross and net at the same pace, but you did 2% versus 7%. A little bit smaller gap than last quarter's 0% and 9%. Obviously, that's the sequential boost of the net margins but away from the first quarter where both were up 7%. So what does it take to get back to the equilibrium and how do you get there?
John P. Wiehoff: Well, just to clarify what I intended to say, at least in my opening comments, is that our business model goal is that our net revenues of growth of 2.3% and our earnings growth -- earnings per share growth of 2.9% would reflect the variable nature of our cost structure. Over time, the gross revenue and net revenue would hopefully grow similarly as well too when we go through a period of time of margin compression like we have for the last several years, net revenue is obviously going to grow slower. So what we need in order to get back to a more comparable net revenue and gross revenue or total revenue growth is a period of time where we have flat or expanding margins. So as we've been saying for the last couple of years, we really need to find bottom on the gross margin comparisons or the net revenue comparison, and then continue to grow our volumes and both total revenues and net revenues should grow at a more comparable rate going forward.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So when you talked about pricing being flat and truck cost being up, are you indicating then you're still seeing that compression going on, or given the net was up sequentially that you feel that you've turned the corner on expanding those margin?
John P. Wiehoff: So with flat pricing to shippers and a small increase in the cost of carriers for the quarter, we did for the quarter continue to see that compression. As I said in my comments, it did begin to ease during the quarter and ended the quarter at fairly comparable margin percentages for the previous year. So we don't know what the fourth quarter will look like because there was some improvement versus a year ago. So depending upon the supply and demand relationship in this fourth quarter, we could be hitting bottom or turning that quarter. But it's been difficult enough the last couple of years that I really can't make that prediction. But hopefully...
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. I appreciate it. What's that?
John P. Wiehoff: I said but hopefully it is.
Operator: And our next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Trahan.
Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: It's Ed in for Scott. Just to further up on Ken's question, is there a way, Chad, to look at how the quarter progressed kind of on a year-over-year margin on the transportation yields? You said by the end of the quarter they were basically flat. How do they start and then how do they progress through the first couple of weeks of October, if you don't mind?
Chad M. Lindbloom: The -- when you look at the 2 quarter -- the 2012 quarter compared to the 2011 quarter, total transportation net revenue margin was increasing in 2012 and it was decreasing in 2011. So there was a relatively large spread at the beginning of the quarter. But by the end of the quarter for the month of September, the numbers were very comparable to each other. So far in October, most of our revenue margins on transportation are relatively flat with last year's October, maybe slightly lower if I remember correctly. That's a very tough number to get in for the quarter because there's intercompany sales that need to be eliminated or intra-month because there is a little less precision on the margin percentage, but we believe that they're very close to each other for the month of October.
Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Can you give the net revenue year-over-year growth numbers for transportation? I think that it was 1% in July. Last time you had commented through 3 weeks and you said 5% so far in October. Can you give what July was for the full month and then August, September?
Chad M. Lindbloom: No. No, we're not going to disclose that.
Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. In terms of the -- you talked about the $1.5 million of legal expenses for the divestiture and acquisition, and there's going to be some more. Is there any way to break out what some of those costs will look like in the fourth quarter?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Yes, John mentioned I think in his prepared remarks on the last slide or at least the number was highlighted that we expect on Phoenix to have approximately $8 million more of transaction-related expenses. The biggest portion of that is the investment banking fees.
Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: And that will include the legal in the quarter as well?
Chad M. Lindbloom: The legal and the tax due diligence will be -- or it might drive it slightly over $8 million. The investment banking fee is a little bit under $8 million, so I think $8 million overall is a relatively good estimate.
Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. And last one is part of that. It seems like there wasn't -- despite strong cash generation in the quarter and $240 million of cash going into the quarter, you didn't generate any interest income in the quarter. Was there something--did you put some cash for Phoenix's side somewhere or do something that curtailed the income in the quarter? Is there something else?
Chad M. Lindbloom: No. I mean, yields are just extremely low. Not all the cash on the balance sheet is invested. A lot of it is spread around the world in operating accounts.
Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Because last quarter it was $700,000. And this quarter, there was less than $100,000.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Last quarter, we had an unusual item of -- we talked about it of a passive investment that we had made many years ago that we got a distribution from.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John Barnes with RBC Capital Markets.
John L. Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I guess today on one of the truckload carriers calls, they indicated that basically, pricing was not as firm as the quarter progressed and that their customers were less concerned about capacity availability in the marketplace. I'm just kind of curious, while your margin compression obviously was there on a year-over-year basis, it was not -- you had sequential pickup. I heard what you said about it but improving through the quarter, but can you give us a feel for where you felt capacity was at the end of the quarter? And do you think -- can you just give us a little bit more color as to do volumes tighten up enough or firm up enough in the fourth quarter that you think that tightens back up, or do you think that we're in a looser capacity situation given the macro environment kind of overweighing whatever we see on the peak basis?
John P. Wiehoff: I think the comments that you just shared are consistent with what we saw or we feel -- market tightness is always relative. But from our perspective, the market did loosen as the quarter went on, which is what allowed that easing of some of the margin compression. And what most of us have been talking about this year is there really hasn't been any measurable peak season or tightening in the fall like there had been in some previous years. So it feels overall to us like fairly soft or consistent demand environment and not a lot of tightness or a fairly loose market finishing the quarter and going into the fourth quarter.
John L. Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then...
John P. Wiehoff: Some of that has to be taken in context though too that there's been periods of time where the market was much more volatile and the relative ranges of a tight market or a loose market were much greater than what we're seeing today. So when we look at our route guide depth and some of the other metrics that we would look at to try to assess the market tightness, while it loosened a little bit near the end of the quarter, it was nothing like the first half of 2009 or other periods of time where that supply and demand fluctuation would be much more greater than what we've seen for the last couple of years.
John L. Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. All right. That makes sense. All right. And just a question on -- obviously, you made the comment about how many times we've heard from you guys since your last earnings call. I mean, this is obviously, you've had a lot going on with acquisitions and divestitures. I'm just curious. Are you concerned at all about taking your eye off the ball at all on the core business? And I know you've got this big, decentralized -- and you put network and you put a lot of responsibility into your branch managers' hands, does that protect you from maybe the risk of taking your eye off the ball on the core business as you kind of go through what's going to be a big acquisition and a large divestiture?
John P. Wiehoff: I think when you kind of break it down, first off, when we had a lot of activity, I do feel like in many ways, it's coincidental around some things that we've been working on for a long time that finally just came to fruition in the last quarter. So I don't feel like this is a new environment for us where we're going to be so much more aggressive that we change the culture or start driving our growth in a different way. But first off and although the divestiture of T-Chek was a lot of effort, hopefully, that will give us some more narrow focus going forward. Expanding our global forwarding network has been something that we put a lot of energy into over the last 10-plus years. One of the things that we got with the Phoenix acquisition is a new leadership team that is going to help us really in a different way than what we've had before. We needed leadership and we needed expertise in that service line, and we're pretty excited about the team that we got and the success that they were having. So a lot of the integration effort will be led and absorbed by new people to Robinson who came with that acquisition. We certainly had some talent that will be an important part of that team as well too. But when we think about 2013 and looking forward, integrating Phoenix with our global forwarding business is clearly at the top of the list of things that we will stay focused on. It is a dedicated team that's separate from the North American transportation business and should be able to operate largely on their own. The other acquisition in Europe, we have a separate leadership team over there as well too. So we don't feel too stretched or spread out at this point going into 2013. But it is a fair point that whenever you have this kind of activity or change going on, that we need to make certain that we don't dilute our focus or our cultural consistency across all of our services, and we're very locked in on making sure that doesn't happen.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Tom Wadewitz with from JPMorgan.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, let's see. We wanted to see if you could -- I guess give a sense here on the headcount and volume relationship that you expect, and how you expect those things to look the next couple of quarters? Are you planning to slow down the headcount additions, or you think you're going to keep it the same? And how do you think about volume growth and what seems to be a fairly weak economy in general?
John P. Wiehoff: Yes, so first off, just with the acquisition transactions that we expect, there will be a pretty significant change in headcount going into the fourth quarter. So for modeling, don't forget that Phoenix has about 2,000 employees. But if you cleanse the transactions in the normal productivity level over the last several years as we started to reach the high end of our productivity levels and probably around a year or so ago, started to staff up more aggressively, I think for the last year or so, so we've averaged about 8% or 9% headcount increase in our reportings. While you have to break it down to really understand it precisely, probably the most visible metric that those headcounts should correlate to over the long time -- over the long term would be truckload volume growth because that's our biggest portion of our business. So while we had 8% volume growth in the quarter and 8% or 9% headcount growth, if volume growth continues to slow, we're pretty quick at adjusting that spigot and slowing down the hiring. So from a North American truckload standpoint, we feel like hopefully those 2 would stay pretty well and in sync going forward. And that we're going to continue to look at trying to aggressively take market share because we think that's the best answer in the long term. Each office will make that decision on their own around what their sales pipeline looks like and where they think they can gain share with reasonable margins. But over time, that's how we would think about headcount growth.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And what do you think about, I guess the impact of weak freight versus competition? I know it's hard -- it's a big market, it's kind of hard to tell what hurts you or helps you. But do you think the bigger issue here in terms of your slower pace of net revenue growth and earnings growth and so forth, is it just a really a demand issue? When you seeing a stronger economy, that's really the biggest thing and stronger freight market, or do you think that it's really -- there is some impact from some of the private brokers that are pretty focused on growing at a fast pace, and maybe just willing to take lower gross margin than what you guys have had historically?
John P. Wiehoff: That's a good question. And as we've been asked this and have thought about it and analyzed it for the last couple of years, there's definitely a lot of factors at play. I believe that perhaps the largest factor is that when you think about a third-party model and a business like ours taking market share, that the easiest way for us to grow and take market share is when a customer is growing and has new and different needs that they need help with that weren't planned for at the beginning of the year. And when I look back at our history and kind of compare it to the last couple of years, when you get into a more slower growth, more static environment with a lot of consistency in the freight, and shippers start bidding higher percentages for their freight more aggressively and are looking more aggressively for cost savings, it's frankly just a lot more difficult for a business like us to take market share than it is in a high-growth environment where there's just a lot of new and fresh opportunities to go after. So when the growth plateaus a little bit, if we're trying to aggressively take share and certainly, there probably are some competitors as well too, you start looking towards each other's current base of freight to try to get that market share and things tighten up and just get a lot more competitive. So I feel like in any industry, it's probably easier to grow your business when there's overall growth. But because third-party logistics has a lot to do with transforming the landscape and the industry around flexibility and different types of service levels, I think it's probably -- maybe even a disproportionate impact of the growth opportunity for somebody like us. So we're going to continue to sell and evolve our services to adapt to this environment. But yes, some economic growth and overall improvement in the freight demand would certainly make a big difference.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Chris Wetherbee with Citigroup.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Maybe just a question on the -- going back to the net revenue or productivity on a per employee basis. When you think about the mix that's occurring in the business with the acquisitions with the new stuff coming in, Phoenix, and losing T-Chek, does the still kind of the old kind of rules of thumb apply to the productivity on a per employee basis kind of when you think about seasoning the workforce? Obviously, you mentioned that you still have a bunch there of folks that are going to be kind of relatively new to the business. But as those people mature, is there any reason to think that there should be any material change in the ability of how productive they can be going forward?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Yes, T-Chek net revenue per person is not going to have a major impact. There was only 200 people or 190 people out of the total 8,000-plus before the Phoenix acquisition. When you look at Phoenix, they have 2,000 people. And if you do the calculation based on the net revenues that we disclosed earlier for those 2,000 people, you'll see that their average net revenue per person is lower than ours. So we've always talked about how our freight forwarding business had a lower net revenue per person. So as we continue to grow that international Freight Forwarding business, I think you will see some deterioration in our consolidated net revenue per person. That business is much more administrative-intensive even with the investments in technology that we've made. There's a lot more clerical, administrative-type work involved in freight forwarding than there is in truck brokerage because of the complex documentation requirements. So there will be a shift that's very difficult at this time to quantify it, but as we continue to go forward, we'll try to add some clarity to that.
John P. Wiehoff: About half of those 2,000 employees are in Asia. So the average cost per employee will adjust as well when those metrics come into our productivity cards.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. That's very helpful. And then maybe switching gears back to the kind of capital structure discussion earlier in the call. When you think about some of the changes that are going on and where you think about yourself from a multiple perspective and allocating capital to share repurchases and otherwise, how do you think -- how does discussions about your long-term kind of growth rate targets play into that? I mean, any thoughts about how that might evolve as the business continues to evolve through acquisitions and just kind of maturity of the business going forward?
John P. Wiehoff: Yes, every time we talked about capital structure in the past, what we've said and what we continue to believe, with Phoenix being an example, is that if there is opportunities to grow our business, the highest return is organic growth. The next highest return is probably the right acquisition from an inorganic growth standpoint. And then we also feel like at the right time, we can create value by repurchasing our own shares. So what we're going to continue to look at is where are there opportunities for acquisition? Where are there opportunities to use our capital to grow service lines and create value. We always give the right freedom to grow organically and use working capital to grow any existing offices or open offices and fund that organic growth. But historically, we've had plenty of capital left for acquisitions and then some remaining capital that we've used for share repurchases. Because we think the value proposition is better around the current pricing, what that's going to do is really cause us to look probably more specifically at what we think our acquisition activity and demands for capital might be and what levels of debt, if any of that we're comfortable with, continuing to carry just simply because of the value opportunity and share repurchases. So it gets to be a loop of all that. How much do we think we need for our organic growth? What type of acquisition opportunities do we expect? And then what level of capital structure are we comfortable with to execute share repurchases.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Tom Albrecht with BB&T Capital Markets.
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: It does feel in some ways like things are beginning to bottom a little bit, but I wanted to just get a little more clarity on the volumes. I was reviewing my notes from the late July conference call. At that point, TL volumes were up about 11%. And we know that for the quarter, they grew about 8%. We obviously know net revenues trended better, but it feels like volumes did get softer. How soft were they during the month of September?
Chad M. Lindbloom: As far as the first, just to cover the 11% versus 8%, this year's third quarter did have one less business day than last year's third quarter. Now we don't know that, that necessarily means there's one less business day's worth of freight that moved in the market. But if you make that assumption that it is true, that is about a 1.7% impact. So the number that we gave you in late July was on a per business day basis, and we had one less business day than we did last year's third quarter.
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. So the 8% then, that's the total volumes and the 11% was a per day reference?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Correct.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bascome Majors with Susquehanna.
Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Bascome Majors in for Matt Troy here. The cost creep at LTL carriers has certainly been attained for a long time, but it seems to have gotten much tougher as far as the margin compression as pricing has fallen over the last few months. I'm curious as to what you're seeing from your small and mid-sized carrier base as to any response from that yet with respect to how they deal with you as an intermediary.
John P. Wiehoff: Well, it's -- I don't think there's anything that we can say universally what -- when we talk about the metrics around the market and our earlier comments about the market softening, one of the things that we will see in our business is those larger carriers typically get much more aggressive about looking for backhaul capacity and expanding their available capacity in a broader way in the market. And when they do that, it tends to conflict more with kind of the medium and small carriers that don't have such fixed networks out there around how they run their equipment. So what typically happens when the market begins to soften like this as you will see a little bit more tension around competitive pricing between the big carriers and the small carriers. And we did see some of that activity towards the end of the quarter.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Kauffman with Sterne Agee.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Chad, quick one on the tax rate. You're at 37.7% year-to-date. Are you trued up year-to-date and we should expect the fourth quarter pre-Phoenix to be at that rate? And then when you bring in Phoenix, they do have operations around the world. How is that going to change the tax rate we should be modeling going forward?
Chad M. Lindbloom: We expect the tax -- the core tax rate of C.H. Robinson excluding Phoenix to remain relatively consistent. We've talked about a 37.5% to 38.5% effective tax rates. When we look at Phoenix's operations, we would expect that tax rate, the core operational tax rate to stay consistent with what the -- what C.H. Robinson's tax rate is. We do prebook our tax expense assuming that eventually accumulated cash across the globe will be repatriated. So the fact that they are earning some of their earnings in lower tax jurisdiction, given that we have a cash generative business, when you look at the eventual use of those cashes, and you run out of eventual reinvestments without repatriation, U.S. GAAP says you should accrue the tax expense as if you were going to repatriate it in the future, which is the practice that C.H. Robinson has always followed and expects to follow.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. They will be maintained, in other words?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Well, there will be an impact to the overall tax rate based on -- and it's a number that we don't know precisely how much acquisition amortization we will have related to identifiable intangible assets as we have begun but do not have our purchase price allocation done. But any amortization expense, which could be -- it's very difficult to know the precise number but it could be relatively significant. I won't be surprised if there was a number in the $20 million per year range. That amortization will not be tax-deductible. So that could have an impact of 0.5% or 0.75% to C.H. Robinson's overall effective tax rate. So while the operational tax rate is staying the same, we could see a creep up in our overall effective rate because of that nondeductible amortization in the initial years of the acquisition.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And in terms of looking at the expenses below the net revenue line, our -- at this point in time, can you -- are you comfortable telling us outside of the amortization how some of those are going to change if Phoenix is integrated?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Yes. I think if you -- once we have closed the transaction, post that, we will file some financial and quarterly financial information for historic Phoenix activity that you could use as a base. But initially, we would expect the results of Phoenix that were disclosed in the Phoenix announcement, so basically we added to C.H. Robinson initially. I think we're going to experience some revenue synergies and things going forward. And there may be some operating cost synergies going forward, but in the initial period, much of that potential will be absorbed by some -- short-term incremental integration cost.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Chris Ceraso with Crédit Suisse.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So just one question on the gross margins. I know you've spent some time on that. But how much of the compression that you felt is just the market and the balance in the market that you've talked about on previous calls, versus your own efforts to go out and gain share like you've talked about, and maybe the types of contracts that you've had to enter into to be able to gain share. Has that also contributed to some of the compression that you felt?
John P. Wiehoff: It's difficult to know precisely where that line would split. But one of the things that I guess we feel good about is that when we look at our entire book of business, the incremental freight that we've been able to get over the last year or 2, we do have fairly consistent margins across our customers and our verticals and our regions. So it's not like we have a static book of freight from the year before and then an incremental amount of freight that we don't make much money on or is at much lower margins. That margin compression comes pretty much across-the-board in all of our different services and all of our different truckload regions. So what that means to us is we feel like the real trade-off of going after that incremental market share is the personnel cost or the people that we have to add in order to do that. We don't really think it affects pricing per se in terms of how we have to price to go get that incremental market share because the market is so fragmented, we really can't control it. So when we think about going after that incremental market share and what impact there might be to our business by being more aggressive, we spoke just primarily on headcount and operating expenses as the trade-off to make sure that we're making good choices in doing that.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Interesting. So the object of trying to go out and get share maybe hasn't been as big an issue on your gross margin, but it has contributed to the fact that your headcount keeps growing a lot faster than your revenue has?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Correct. That's the way we think of it.
Angela K. Freeman: Unfortunately, we're out of time. So that will have to be our last question. We apologize we couldn't get to everybody today. Thank you for participating in our third quarter 2012 conference call. This call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the C.H. Robinson website at chrobinson.com. It will also be available by dialing (800) 406-7325 and entering the passcode 4568762#. The replay will be available at approximately 7 p.m. Eastern time today. If you have additional questions, please call me, Angie Freeman, at (952) 937-7847. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Angela K. Freeman - Vice President of Investor Relations and Public Affairs John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Chad M. Lindbloom - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Tavio Headley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Second Quarter 2012 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Tuesday, July 24, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to Angie Freeman, C.H. Robinson's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Freeman.
Angela K. Freeman: Thank you, Douglas. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, CEO; and Chad Lindbloom, CFO. John and Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our second quarter performance, and we will follow that with a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate our discussion. The slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is located at chrobinson.com. John and Chad will be referring to the slides in their prepared comments. Finally, I would like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectation. And with that, I'll turn it over to John.
John P. Wiehoff: Thank you, Angie, and thanks to everybody who's taken the time to listen into our call. So my prepared comments, as Angie said, will start with Slide 3 on our prepared deck that summarize our overall financial results for the second quarter. The key metrics that we focus on, our total revenues grew 9.2% for the quarter. Net revenues grew 1.8%. I'll discuss more about it later, but in general, that margin compression of net revenues growing slower than total revenues is a common theme throughout all of our different services. Our income from operations grew 2.7%, and our EPS grew at 6%. Chad will make some more comments later about our variable business model and our operating expenses. But in general, we were pleased that we were able to grow our EPS faster than our net revenues. As in the past, I'm going to make a few prepared comments for each of our individual service lines, but before we move off of the enterprise results, I guess I wanted to touch on what I believe is the common theme for our second quarter results across all of our transportation services. And that really is the theme of: our underlying capacity providers looking pretty aggressively to drive price increases, and at the same time, our customer base that we're working with being as focused as ever on supply chain savings and cost reductions, and not very receptive to meaningful price increases based on overall economic conditions and how they're managing their supply chains more aggressively, which resulted in us across all service lines really, some pretty meaningful margin compression that was pretty systemic for us. It's not a new topic. We've talked about it the last couple of quarters, but it was as anticipated, and we talked about the early days of April on our last call that, that margin compression really continued across all service lines. Again, driven largely, we believe, by the overall environment and macro effects. And as I go through each individual service line, I'll try to comment more specifically on kind of what we're seeing and how we think it might be impacting us. But that's clearly kind of the connecting theme that we would mention. Moving on then to Page 4 and the overall transportation results. There you see the total net revenues being roughly flat for the quarter. The volume growth in almost all service lines that I'll get into more specifically offset by that net revenue margin compression that I referenced. On the bottom half of that slide, our 10-year or historical net revenue margin percentage shows that for the quarter, we had 14.9% net revenue margin for the quarter in transportation. We've talked a lot in the past about how these margins fluctuate and all the various things that could impact them. And while we expected margin compression off of the highs of 2009 and all of the economic circumstances that created that, I think it's fair to say that this margin compression cycle has been longer and more significant than we might have anticipated. So while it's not uncommon for our business model to see supply cost rising faster during periods of time than we're able to pass through to our customers. Again, this has been a fairly significant and fairly long part of the cycle, down to a 10-year low of 14.9% for the quarter. Moving on to Page 5 then for our truck results. As a reminder, our truck category includes both truckload and less-than-truckload. Net revenue combined for the 2 declined to 0.5% in the second quarter. We were happy with volume increases of 10% in truckload and 17% in LTL. Again, following the theme of cost pressures on the truckload side, the capacity that we rely heavily on, the medium and small carriers, continue to experience a fair amount of cost pressure. And as we disclosed, our net cost for the quarter were up 3% on the truck load compared to second quarter of last year, with customer prices being up about 1%. While we've talked in the past and it remains true that we have slightly a higher growth with our larger customers, where we tend to have more dedicated or committed pricing relationships, there was probably some impact to our margin compression based on the changing mix of business and the alignment with those larger customers, as well as some mix change around the length of haul, with that shortening a little bit. So there's probably some contributing factors that were maybe specific to our mix of business and our customer base around the opportunity for price increase versus the supply side on the trucks. But overall, we feel like it's the general environment of price increasing and price pressure on the supply side versus much less receptivity to it on the customer side. Similarly, when you go into the LTL business, as I'm sure many of you know, general trends of pricing on the supply side upward as they come off of some very difficult economic times from a couple of years ago. So that industry continues to look for some pretty meaningful price increases. And while we were able to pass along a little bit more of the price increases there, it's difficult to come up with a precise percentage because of all of the different tariffs and trying to get a clean comparison. We also did have net revenue margin compression on the LTL side. Moving then to Slide 6 in our intermodal results. We had a net revenue decline of 7.8% for the quarter. Again, comprised of single-digit volume growth, mid-single-digit, offset by some margin compression. Again, as many of you are probably aware, rails have generally been looking for some pretty meaningful cost increases that have been put towards us in our pricing. And while we've had some success passing those through, again, there was probably some mix shift where we've been working more with larger customers on a more dedicated basis in intermodal. But in general, the theme was that the supply side costs are rising faster than our volume and our price increases to our customers would allow, resulting in some net revenue margin compression. And in this case, a net revenue decline. The other comment on there that's worth mentioning is we've talked in the past about how we've begun to ramp up with some dedicated or owned container capacity to help us be more effective on those larger commitments in the intermodal world. If you recall in the past, we had 350 short term leased containers, along with 500 owned containers. We recently purchased an additional 500 containers that will take the place of the 350 short term leased ones that we'll be turning in throughout the remainder of the year. So by the end of the year, we should have 1,000 owned containers in place, which is the foundation of a fleet that we're building. Again, it represents a fairly small percentage, somewhere around 15% to 20% of our total intermodal volume at this point. But we believe it's been an effective tool to help us grow our intermodal business. Moving on then to Page 7 for the air and ocean results. Our results in the global forwarding world are probably a little less representative of overall industry trends, simply because our business there remains smaller with less market share and more concentration in fewer customers and fewer carriers. So some customer-specific changes around growth or mix can have a bigger impact. But in general, on the ocean side, the theme holds true around some meaningful cost increase that resulted in us increasing pricing. In this case, more of a neutral net revenue margin effect, but challenging to grow volume in a difficult industry environment. On the air side, is one area where we do see meaningful price decreases. I think the common theme here is that customers are looking aggressively for lower-cost options and managing the cost in their supply chain more aggressively. So in the business that we see a lot less tendency to ship via more expensive air mode and more shift towards ocean. So while our air volume was able to increase, with significant price decreases in both the industry and with our customer relationships, while our net revenue margin percentage improved, the overall absolute dollars of net revenue declined for the quarter by 7.5%. Moving on to Page 8. The other logistic services continues to represent one of the bright spots of higher growth for us. As a reminder, these net revenues include our transportation management services and customs brokerage, which are the 2 largest categories. This source of net revenue has increased up to 4.5% of our net revenue for the quarter, and it's representative of the trend towards more outsourced services and growth in transportation management services. So while that customer and overall pricing environment has put some net revenue margin compression on our traditional transportation services, it's that same environment that's creating a lot of demand and pipeline of services for us in this area. Where working with customers more collaboratively, we're finding better opportunities to provide management services in the form of technology and analytical tools that can help our customers achieve the savings in the directional projects that they have in place. So we feel good about our results here, as well as the outlook for higher growth and continued opportunity in this. And as we've stated in previous periods, in addition to the growth in the net revenues of 4.5% of our consolidated net revenues that are represented by this category, there are also a lot of relationship connectivity to the underlying transportation services in those same accounts. So that when we look at a broader definition of outsourced services and integrated solutions, it already exceeds more than 10% of our net revenue. Moving on to Page 9 and our Sourcing results. Again, another one of the positive highlights for the quarter. We continue to see progress in terms of growing our business and coming up against some of the more normal comparisons as we've talked about some lost business over the last couple of years. Last September, we announced an acquisition of a company called Timco that's primarily focused on the melon business. We had very nice growth during the quarter in that business and are very positive about the future prospects for it. So a more return to more normal comparisons and activity in our traditional Sourcing business, along with an acquisition that we feel good about gave some nice results for the quarter. The margins for the quarter, again, do change and fluctuate in the Sourcing business, similar to transportation. That's primarily driven by the product mix and the seasonality of the different crops that we sell and distribute. Moving on to Slide 10 and our Payment Services. Again, this represents our wholly-owned subsidiary, T-Chek. Net revenues up 8.1% for the quarter. The net revenue growth was driven by increased transaction in our fuel services, MasterCard and permitting businesses that are all part of the menu of services under T-Chek's Payment Services. Those are my overall comments on our services. I'm going to turn it over to Chad for some comments on our financial statements. And then I'll come back and close with some thoughts on forward looking and where we go from here.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Thank you, John. Slide 11 shows our summarized income statement, and I'd like to highlight a few things contained in that income statement. As John mentioned, we feel very good and are pleased that we continue to operate very efficiently. Overall, our operating expenses grew slightly slower than our net revenue in the second quarter. In the second quarter of 2012, while our average headcount increased 9% compared to last year, our personnel expense decreased. That was due to a reduction in some of our incentive compensation and equity compensation programs that are based on growth in earnings. During the quarter, our stock-based compensation expense was approximately $6.8 million in 2012 compared to $10.1 million in the second quarter of 2011. Growth in other operating expenses was driven by increases in many different categories, including travel and entertainment, claims and depreciation and amortization. While we've been operating extremely efficiently, we've also been continuing our focus on long-term growth of the company. Our people are focused on sales and have been traveling more. We have continued to invest in technology to support our long-term growth and efficiency, which has driven the majority of the increase in depreciation and amortization. During the quarter, we had a decrease in our provision for doubtful accounts. This was driven partially by a partial collection of the customer that we had a large reserve for last quarter and an overall improvement in the quality and aging of our receivable portfolio. We have continued to follow our consistent methodology for assessing our reserve requirements, and are extremely comfortable with the current level of our accounts receivable reserve. Moving on to Slide 12. We continue to have a strong balance sheet, with cash and investments of approximately $240 million and no debt. Our net CapEx for the quarter, including the investments in software was $7.5 million. As John mentioned earlier, we have decided to expand our intermodal container fleet. The 500 additional containers that he mentioned will cost a total of approximately $6 million. $2.8 million of that $6 million is in our second quarter CapEx. The remainder will be paid for in the third quarter. Previously, we told you we expected our 2012 CapEx to be in the range of $40 million to $45 million. That estimate did not include these containers, so we now expect our CapEx to be more in the range of $46 million to $51 million. A couple of comments on our share repurchases. As we have always -- as we've discussed with you many times in the past, we use share repurchases as a variable way to return excess capital to shareholders. We continued this practice during the second quarter of 2012. During the second quarter of most years, including this year, investment in working capital increases as our gross revenues seasonally increase. This increase in working capital reduces the amount of money we have available for share repurchases. However, during the second quarter of 2012, we did repurchase approximately 637,000 shares at an average price of $59.23. And now I'll turn it back to John for some closing prepared comments.
John P. Wiehoff: So looking at the Slide 13, our current period comments and summary. Starting with the data points that we've shared about July. As we look at our business and try to understand what information will be helpful to understand the trends in the business and where we think we're headed. We believe it still remains very difficult to try to forecast or guide given the short-term nature of our procurement cycle and kind of the day-to-day volatility in the business. So we continue to believe that sharing actual information that's more current is probably the best way to kind of share what's on our mind and discuss the trends in the business. We did try to enhance a little bit the net revenue disclosures up to the current period to try to help you with that. So similar to what we've talked about in the past, the North American truckload volume growth through yesterday was 11%. Our net revenue per business day declined by 1.5%. If you look at the data below that, that's showing for the current year through yesterday, July 23, we had approximately $6.7 million net revenue per business day. And that compares with $6.8 million per business day last year for the first 25 days of July. So that's where the 1.5% decline would come from. The additional data point to try to provide a little more context around how the quarter is starting out and how comparisons might shape up. So the net revenue per business day for the entire third quarter last year was $6.6 million per day. So you can see while it started out last year at $6.8 million for the first 25 days in July, the average for the quarter was $6.6 million. This year, starting out at $6.7 million. Last July was our most challenging comparison in terms of the net revenue per business day. One additional data point is that this year's third quarter has 1 fewer business day than last year. I think while there's a number of data points there, probably the core message is that the net revenue margin compression that I've talked about earlier really has carried over into July. But we also believe that perhaps the comparisons are going to ease a little bit as the second half of the year goes on. Who knows where the market forces will go and whether -- how they'll actually end up comparing. But that's what we know today. So when we step back and look at the business and say, where do we go from here, how do we see things, how are we managing the business today? I guess the first question is, when do we find a bottom on the margin compression cycle? As I mentioned earlier, it's not uncommon that our supply costs would rise faster than we're able to pass them through. But this is a little bit longer and more severe than we've seen. And so there is question around that margin compression and where the bottom of the cycle would be. Traditionally, at least, when we reach that margin stabilization, our earnings growth would generally move back more towards volume percentage type increases. It can obviously fluctuate for various reasons, but that would be kind of the core expectation when we get there. If we can get some margin relief or margin expansion, that obviously will help us a lot in the future. But I would say that our overall perspective in how we're managing the business is hoping for that margin stabilization or improvement, but also managing to the extent that it doesn't occur or that it doesn't occur in the near future, that we are prepared to manage our business and grow our earnings under more difficult margin comparisons. And when I talk about that, it's things like investing in the sales and account management initiatives that we have to drive market share. We feel pretty good about some of the market share gains in the different services that we've had. And I feel like it is the right strategy to continue to try to take market share. It's challenging to grind out small earnings increases while we're having this sort of margin compression. But we feel like it's the right thing to do, to continue to position the business for the long term and build on those relationships that we have. We're hiring people and investing more in training than we have at any point in our history. We're expanding our service offerings and integrating our services and transforming the business to where customers want more services to help them manage their supply chain more holistically. We're emphasizing heavily our pricing and profitability disciplines. While we're aggressively going after market share, we have the best receivable aging metrics we've had in a long time. Our operating income as a percent of net revenue is at new highs. So we feel very good that we're continuing to have a good discipline around going after market share, but making sure that it's profitable growth. And as we've reminded you on several calls in the past, while margin percentage matters a lot, ultimately, the productivity and the efficiency and the automation that's in the freight can result in operating income that is equally good on less margin freight, if it's more efficient business. So when we go through periods of margin compression like this, it really does drive us to invest in technology and productivity and different processes that we think will continue to benefit us for the long run. So we're spending more on technology this year than we have at any point in our past, and we're very focused on monitoring the turnover and people and productivity initiatives to make sure that our workforce stays motivated and stays focused on evolving with the customers in the marketplace. So as I said earlier, I would summarize our attitude by grinding out small earnings increases while our margins are compressing, hoping for stabilization or relief at some point in a future market cycle and making all the investments that we think are good long-term choices to help us grow our business and be successful even if we don't get that margin help. Those are the end of the prepared comments. And with that, we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of William Greene with Morgan Stanley.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: John, you had a good sort of synopsis there right at the end that makes a lot of sense with a lot of the strategic initiatives you were trying to put in place. One question that comes up though a lot when I have discussions on the name though is, is what can Robinson specifically do to change the growth trajectory now? Right? Like so, I understand that you're making investments and that sets you up for a better outcome later when the macro gets better. But it sounds like every time it comes back to, okay, but the macro if it doesn't improve, there's not much we can do. But I'm not sure that's what you're trying to say. Do you have any thoughts on that? If it can be done outside of macro?
John P. Wiehoff: I think there are some short-term things that we could possibly do to improve our short term earnings. But I don't know that, that would be the right thing to do for the long term. You can always be more aggressive on pricing at the risk of the relationship or we probably could do some cost cutting or some other things that would improve our short term earnings. But I really do think we're staying pretty focused on the long-term investments and while we're spending more on people, and spending more on technology and making investments in containers and a lot of these things, we're opening offices in Europe despite all of the economic uncertainty because we continue to believe that there's a really good long-term opportunity for us there. We're also looking at acquisitions and other things that maybe could help us grow a little bit faster in the shorter term like the Timco acquisition did on the Sourcing piece of it. So it's not that we're not trying to improve it in the short term, but we clearly have a bias towards the longer-term approach.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. No, that's fair. You mentioned the investment in automation. And if I remember correctly, you could correct me if this number is wrong, but I thought about 5% of your loads are sort of tendered and matched electronically. Is there a step function we could get? Could you see sort of this number be 15%, 20%, 25% or so of loads sort of tendered electronically such that we could have a whole step function change in the way we perceive operating margins?
John P. Wiehoff: I'm having trouble remembering what stat that was that's 5%. Because I think our electronic tenders of loads -- tendering in from the customer is probably closer to 30%.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes, I thought it was a match, the electronic match, but maybe I've got the number off.
John P. Wiehoff: Oh, the 5% is we have some preexisting in a very limited amount of our capacity when we commit to certain programs with a customer, we'll go out and contractually hire those carriers as well. That type of relationship will probably continue to grow. But it's got a pretty limited application today of where it makes sense. But when you look at things like our LTL automation, a lot of those transactions end up being no touch because we have each carrier's -- each common carrier's rate in our system, and we automatically pick the rate that will meet the service requirement of the customer. So we've been making many different technology enhancements to LTL, to truckload, to try to integrate with more of those customers, try to integrate with our carriers. In addition to the kind of the prepurchased capacity, we also have grown where with some of our truckload carriers that we can tender them a load offer electronically, and they can respond electronically. I'm not quite sure what that percentage is. So there's many different productivity initiatives driven by technology, and a lot of them are electronic interface, EDI and other electronic communication methods. But I don't have any real new stats to give you.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes, but I guess it still comes back to the kind of margin improvement that you've seen over like the last 10 years. It's going to be difficult to repeat that even with these productivity initiatives.
John P. Wiehoff: Yes, I mean, we're pretty consistent about saying, we went from under 30 to over 40. We're not going to see that type of expansion -- or we can't see it today at least where that type of expansion would be possible in the future. But as we mentioned in some previous calls, yes, we can get up into the mid-40s, but maybe even higher if we didn't care about growth. I think this business is constantly balancing growth and efficiency.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Justin Yagerman with Deutsche Bank.
Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: John, you mentioned that this is already a longer period of margin compression than you would've expected given experience in past cycles. So I guess with double-digit volume growth not translating to similar types of net revenue, at what point do you actually say, "Okay, maybe this is the systemic environment from a capacity standpoint where I'm not getting the leverage that I need and I've got to reevaluate the volume versus the price dynamic that we're pushing with our workforce?"
John P. Wiehoff: I'd like to think we're doing that everyday. When we look at those account management strategies that I emphasized and when I talked about sort of systemic margin compression, that margin compression really is across all the freight, the existing freight, the new freight. So we're very comfortable that this 10% volume increase that we got came at comparable margins to the core business that we had before. And there's even a fair amount of churn within that core business through rebidding and different transportation cycles. So the way we think about the business and the profitability and the elasticity of pricing is looking at account-based profitability around the total margin and the total workload that managing that freight entail, and the labor and cost that we have associated with it. And that is a very fluid, perpetual process that we're adjusting literally daily around pushing back on our customers if we need more automation and more help to be able to keep that freight profitable. We are doing that every day.
Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, I mean, if I think about it in terms of my business, if I have a trader who's taking losses in dealing with customers, that will get stopped out at a certain point. I mean, are you micromanaging it to that point on a regional basis? Where if the customer is running you over too many times, you start pushing back in a very big way?
John P. Wiehoff: Absolutely. And as we've talked about before, every single day, we lose money on some of the loads that we move, but some of them are growth investments, some of them are bundled freight commitments with other good freight. And every office, every zone, every manager is continually looking at the profitability of the freight and trying to reprice or decline freight where they have to honor commitments where we've made. It's a very fluid perpetual thing. And we're not losing on a significantly higher percentage of the loads today than several years ago. It's compression across the board based on the macro environment. But we feel like our day-to-day account management and pricing disciplines are very consistent and very reliable like they've been in the past. It's just that the market is not giving us the same spread that we've had in other periods.
Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I mean, is it that market is just moving away that much faster and that you guys aren't reacting fast enough? And then I guess in terms of bid season, as we go into the back half of the year, is it maybe just a contractual issue and we're about to get some relief as July 1 brings new pricing across the board with many of your contractual customers?
John P. Wiehoff: No, I think our results are very consistent with every other industry data point we've seen in that the carrier base, especially that we rely very heavily on the medium and small carriers continue to feel a lot of economic pressure. There's a lot of churn. There's no new -- not much new capacity coming into the marketplace. And they're very aggressive looking for price increases because it's still a challenging economic environment for them with a fairly balanced freight environment. Shippers on the other hand are dealing with all the economic uncertainty and looking for cost savings ideas in the supply chain as aggressively as possible. And really, I mean, one of the things that we've discussed a lot the last couple of quarters is that, I think traditionally, a lot of the easy market share gains and high margin freight for the third-party providers like ourselves comes from the growth in the freight. And the unplanned and surge and seasonal freight that's difficult for a shipper to manage. And in this environment, there hasn't been a lot of that. So the market share has come more out of existing customer relationships and making more aggressive price commitments like keeping rates flat to retain or increase your volume when you know you're going to have a couple of percent increases on the supply side. So that's a very typical example of the types of market pressure and squeeze that we're under today. And yet, we know that through more automation that we can be very profitable on that freight. And as market conditions change, hopefully see some margin expansion or improvement as we go forward.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tom Albrecht with BB&T.
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Chad, I wanted to get 2 things. What was the amount of the doubtful account collection? And did you have any lower bonus cash accruals? I know you mentioned the stock based and then I have a bigger picture question.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Okay. The specific collection of the specific reserve we talked about last quarter. We collected about 1/3 of that, which was $600,000. The total bad debt expense for the quarter was actually a negative $1.3 million. The rest of that positive variance came from the improvement of the quality of both the customers in our portfolio on an overall basis, as well as an improvement of the aging in the older buckets where we apply a higher percentage of reserve requirements to the dollars that are outstanding. So we had a couple of significant customers that got -- had improved ratings, both from D&B and some of the credit rating services. So we drove them to the higher quality percentages of reserves, as well as things just getting better and collected quicker in those older buckets of receivables.
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. Cash bonuses.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Oh, and about cash bonuses. Our core bonus program is based on a percentage of earnings of a branch. So some people's cash bonuses went down and some people have gone up depending on the adjustments to their bonus contracts, whether they got more or less point and then how well is their branch performing compared to a year ago. Within the specific incentive-based programs that we talked about that are based on growth in earnings, there's both the restricted stock program, and there's also what we call the growth pool. So if a branch grows above -- the general rule is if a branch grows above 20%, there's an incremental bonus that kicks in. There's far fewer branches that are reaching that additional cash bonus program that we call the growth pool internally.
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then the bigger picture question was, so by year end, the intermodal container fleet will be about 1,000 units. Do you foresee a situation where you're going to need to have this build out over the next 2 or 3 years to perhaps 4,000 or 5,000 containers? I think anytime we hear of a company adding containers, we wonder if you only have density on day 1 when you buy them, and then you need several thousand to consistently have density in the rail yards across the country. So as you look out, will you be able to profitably run this business or are you going to need to have a big ramp of several thousand containers?
John P. Wiehoff: I think we have talked about this before, but the equipment that we have in place today is all committed to the BNSF. And because that fleet today is much more concentrated in fewer lanes in one region of the country, we feel very good about having the density and the execution to be successful with it. The commitment that we've made to date on containers is focused lanes with committed customers, where we can be more successful in managing those relationships. We will expand it if we can continue to gain customer commitments that we can match with it. But one of the things that we've said thus far in our intermodal growth is that we want to try to preserve that container component as a smaller percentage of our capacity needs. So that we can match it with customers and not have that be the driver of our growth. So we're not anticipating any time soon getting to the size fleet where our container purchases or equipment are what's driving our growth and enabling increased capacity. We really want to grow it more selectively in certain lanes and match it to customer-specific commitments. And then use pooled equipment to grow our business and to manage the fluctuations in the volumes.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tom Wadewitz with JPMorgan.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I wanted to ask you a bit about the compensation trends and just to kind of try to figure out how much they can fall. I guess if I look at the -- you drive compensation, incentive comp by the pace of growth, you had fairly slow earnings growth in the quarter. What would you -- if you stay at that pace for a couple more quarters, would you see in absolute terms that, that personnel expense would fall further? I guess it fell about 3.5% second quarter versus first. Or are you actually kind of close to what would be a threshold level payout that wouldn't fall any further?
Chad M. Lindbloom: It's -- I'm thinking about all the different compensation programs that are out there. But if our growth rate stayed relatively consistent with where it is today and our headcount stayed relatively consistent with where it is today, I'd say that this quarter would be -- that the third quarter could be similar to the second quarter.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So if you had 5% earnings growth in third quarter, it's similar to what you had in the second quarter, and you didn't change headcount, your comp and benefit would be stable, you wouldn't see incentive fall further?
Chad M. Lindbloom: It -- it varies a -- it varies a lot. It would depend on how we got to that consistent revenue growth or consistent earnings growth, depending on which branches grew by how much and which business line grew by how much because there are different varying levels of incentives branch by branch.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right. Yes, I know. Just trying to frame a complex thing into a simple, I guess a simple framework, which maybe is tough to do.
Chad M. Lindbloom: We just have so many different programs out there that react differently. But...
John P. Wiehoff: The broader compensation framework is designed to try to keep personnel expense as a consistent percentage of net revenue. But it's really on an annual basis, where a lot of the bonus pools and equity vesting and different things are calculated annually. So from a year-to-year basis, it's easier to make some assumptions about what personnel would do under different circumstances. But from quarter-to-quarter, it's challenging because if the growth rate is accelerating or decelerating, the accruals might be doing the same and it gets tougher to compare to it.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right. Okay. Then a second question. It seems like there -- there are some, what appear to be some competitive pressures with more private carriers and then some of the asset-based carriers doing brokerage. I know that's not a new thing this quarter. But it seems like that's been developing, I don't know, past couple of years I suppose. Do you think that shippers have maybe figured out a way to take advantage of that and put more of the pricing risk, manage their rates a bit better and put more of the capacity constraints and pricing risk on the broker? It just seems like the dynamic has kind of changed. And so you see this volume growth, but you just see an unusual rate pressure in between. Do you think that might be the case and you think that type of dynamic might continue just related to more competition in brokerage?
John P. Wiehoff: I think there's a lot of interrelated dynamics, including the one that you just described, and it's really difficult to quantify or assess what impact any of them is having. The big theme that I tried to talk about in the prepared comments is just sort of the collective shipper mindset, which it's probably dangerous to even to try to generalize about that. But when you think about willingness to expedite freight or would you wait another day to ship it if you don't like the price or would you make 3 more phone calls yourself or do you think you got a competitor who's maybe as capable now. There's a whole bunch of different reasons why a shipper may or may not accept a rate increase and competition is one of them. But for the most part, it's the cost pressure and how they're running their business. We think probably the lead variable is how they're thinking about service and inventory, and expedited charges and whether they'll roll the shipment over to the next day or make 3 more phone calls before they'll accept the price. And when you get into an extended period of a balanced market with static route guides and shippers who are trying to keep inventories down and really manage cost down, it just kind of tightens everything up to where there's not a lot of unplanned freight or margin opportunity. And then of course, you've got 10,000-plus competitors like there's always been. And when the market tightens up like that, everybody starts looking for share in each other's pocket rather than kind of the growth in the unplanned opportunities. So yes, it feels like it's a lot feistier and more competitive during that part of the market cycle. I am sure there's some real growth or some real changes in the third-party presence in the market as well too, but when we've been asked about it in the past, our general feeling is, there's nothing radically different or nothing revolutionary in it. It's more competitive because there's not as much growth going on and the environment is different. And that's what we feel kind of the lead variable in that complex web of factors is, including the one that you mentioned.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Wanted to talk just kind of along those lines of market share gains, John, in terms of, I mean, obviously, your volume numbers have picked up pretty nicely and definitely evidence of some market share pickup there. Is that coming from a couple of large wins, things that you've been working on for a while or have you seen any increase in any kind of spot activity or like you said, is it more of just kind of maybe going down the channel and grinding it out a little bit harder than maybe you had been?
John P. Wiehoff: We have seen for the last year or so slightly higher growth rates in our Top 1,000 or Top 2,000 customers, which are generally, the larger companies and generally are larger customers. And we hope and think that's part of this expanding relationship and continued trust and reliance on our model and our service levels and all that. So we are growing and taking share a little bit disproportionate to the larger more committed accounts. And as I've talked on past calls, in general, that comes with a longer term, more committed pricing relationship as well too, which gives us a little bit less short term repricing capabilities. But the growth of share has come across the board and there has been a lot of new customer activity. And we do have more salespeople than ever just looking for accounts of all shapes and sizes.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And just real quick with that, in those longer term committed relationships, are you extending past the typical 1-year timeframe that you historically had done?
John P. Wiehoff: No.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then just my second question was, I mean, seeing the nice growth in logistics business, could you kind of remind us again, I mean, I know a lot of that is just kind of pure fee-based in terms of the consulting arrangements. But is that able to drive some additional revenue back to kind of maybe the core truckload business or to other pieces of the business?
John P. Wiehoff: We believe it does. So the largest single source of fee-based income in our management services is the transportation management fees, where shippers are paying us, in essence, technology fees or fees for the utilization of our system to help manage their freight. It is a separate relationship, separate pricing, separate contracting. But when we have a relationship like that with a shipper and are able to see their entire transportation data better and consult with them on supply chain savings or other return on investment type programs, we can oftentimes give more exposure to our transportation capabilities and participate in a bid in a more efficient way and be there to help them solve any transportation needs in a more automated or efficient way. So with those customers where we have those management relationships, our underlying freight activity can expand or contract, and we see some of each, but in aggregate, we feel like it is a net plus and that our freight relationships have grown better where we have a broader, integrated relationship with the customer.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Hoexter with Bank of America.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just to follow up there. Do I understand you're locking in the pricing? So should we not expect kind of a re-expansion on that net revenue growth from the -- or net revenue margins from that kind of 14% to 15% range back to the 16% range? Just understanding if you're locking in those long-term rates.
John P. Wiehoff: So I think in more pure transactional business where it's -- the customer is tendering the loads daily or there is not a longer term commitment, we can adjust to the market conditions daily or whenever we see appropriate. With a large lot of the larger accounts, it flows more on an annual bid cycle. Every time it comes up, we can reassess the pricing, and we hope that longer term our margins can improve or increase over time. But that is typically more 3 month, 6 months, at some point in the future where there's the opportunity to address the customer pricing on more of the freight that with those larger customers.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So locking in...
John P. Wiehoff: But the lag time and the delays in repricing to the customer are different than with more transactional freight.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So locking in business in hopes of when the market rolls, you have a chance to reprice it?
John P. Wiehoff: Yes. Building the relationship and improving our connectivity with them, taking market share with that customer, helping them in a more holistic way and then as market conditions change, hopefully, our margins can normalize as well.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So to that point you mentioned, what's gone on in July, the volume is up 11%, but net revenues, 1.5%. Can you flesh that out a little bit? What are you seeing in the dynamics there? What are you -- I'm sorry, and then kind of what we should see, I guess, in a decelerating economy, and you're accelerating that share I guess because of those large customer relationships. I guess, how should we look at that split with the volumes up, but the net revenues declining?
John P. Wiehoff: So the data points midmonth are always a little fluid. I would say that the general message in our July disclosures is that not a lot has changed. Really, if you look at the volume growth and the margins, we've got a little bit more difficult comparison. We have 1 fewer business days, but that in general, we're having significant market share and volume gains. But it's coming at the -- with margin compression. Where it goes from here, it really depends upon what happens starting tomorrow with the collective pricing decisions and psyche of 50,000 carriers and 35,000 shippers and how they respond to economic growth and freight demand and what happens tomorrow.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: But Chad to that point, are you seeing that accelerate I guess? I just want to understand what message you're sending with giving that, the to date in July. I know you've done it in the best, but are we seeing that compression accelerate from where you were last quarter?
Chad M. Lindbloom: No, not necessarily. I mean, last quarter, when we give the stats, I think volume was up 10% and net revenue up 1%. So yes, there's a slight acceleration of that, but it's not -- it's really more of the continuation of the same where our carrier prices are rising slightly faster than our prices to our customers.
John P. Wiehoff: And that slight change is probably driven more by comparison differences than any business decisions we've made in the last 23 days.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'm sorry, John, can you say that again, because of what?
John P. Wiehoff: That slight change is likely more driven by comparison changes from July of a year ago versus any business decision we've made in the last 23 days around pricing or margins.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So it's not getting more aggressive with the pricing?
John P. Wiehoff: No.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Matt Troy with Susquehanna.
Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: This is Bascome Majors in for Matt this afternoon. Historically, your business model has worked very well. When the TL capacity tightens and service failures start to become commonplace at primary carriers. I know you briefly alluded to this earlier. But I was hoping you could give us a little more detailed color on sort of where the supply demand balance is today versus -- or even how close you've come to sort of this disruptive environment, which has paid dividends for you in the past?
John P. Wiehoff: Based on the service metrics that we have in both our transportation management business and in our core freight services, we still see the market as fairly balanced. There isn't a lot of service failures. There isn't a lot of depth to the route guide would be the most relevant metric that we would talk about, where customers who have structured programs for how they tender their freight, how deep are they going in their carrier selections. The vast majority of the time, those route guide depths are still less than 1.5, which means the majority of the time, the carrier at the top of the route guide is getting the load based on a balanced market, which is why in our freight services, we would continue to try to position ourselves near the top of the route guide commitments because that's the best place to be in a balanced market to make sure you're getting access to the freight and moving what you can. There's a lot of things that could happen that could change that balance. The continued contraction of supply and the lack of ordering of new equipment will continue to put pressure on that supply side. Any kind of economic growth or change in the shipper side or the freight side of it -- but it needs -- we feel like there needs to be some sort of more meaningful economic transition on either the demand or the supply side to really change the environment that's been out there for more than a couple of years now.
Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Can you recall a time in the past when you have had a supply side driven disruption that really drove this type of revenue growth at your business?
John P. Wiehoff: Not like this. I think probably the biggest supply -- the truckers could probably answer better. But from our perspective, at least what feels a little bit unique this time is just coming out of that 2009 timeframe with all of the financial crisis that since then, the change in leverage, the access to financing, the lack of new equipment orders, the fear of driver shortages, the regulatory pressures on hours of service and the cost increases from emission rules. You put all that supply side stuff together and it does feel like we've been talking for several years that the dynamics around how and when new capacity will be added and what cost it will be added at is a little bit unique or maybe fairly unique in terms of this type of the cycle.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ben Hartford with Baird.
Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I guess first, just to summarize what you've been talking about as it relates to some of the productivity gains on a per employee basis, I'm wondering if you can provide some framework to think about transactions per employee over the course of the past 3 or 4, 5 years a period of time. And then frame it -- kind of thinking about what you think the annual productivity gains on a transaction per employee basis can be over the next similar time period, over the next 3 to 5 years.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Right. We don't have and haven't really disclosed any hard stats on transactions per person and one of the reasons is the transaction is not a transaction. So when you look at the different modes of transportation and services that we provide. For instance, somebody can do probably up to 5x as many LTL shipments as they can do truckloads. So it is -- it takes a lot of detail and a lot of things that we analyze internally. So as far as how many transactions per person are we doing, it really depends on the mode. A lot of the times, even within a mode, if -- there can be people who can do 10 truckloads if the -- if it's consistent freight, it's tendered electronically, they have a consistent carrier following or it can take all day to do 1 load. Hopefully, if it takes all day to do 1 load, we're making 10 times as much money or net revenue on that load as we are on each of the 10 loads. So it really gets a lot more complex than that when looking at net revenue or at transactions per person. We use more net revenue per person and operating income per person and how are we doing at managing those. And then where is the compensation expense as a percentage of net revenue. So when we look -- really look at internal productivity, it's far more driven on net revenue per person than it is on transactions per person. And the ultimate measure is really operating income to net revenue when you look at efficiency in our opinion.
Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: That's fair. John, earlier, you had talked about -- you had mentioned Europe as an opportunity. I know that you've got some new leadership over there. You opened an office recently. Are we in front of an accelerated period of expansion or opportunity in that market? Or is this just a natural evolution of developing your service offerings over in that region?
John P. Wiehoff: We've been offering truckload services in Europe for about 20 years, and the growth rate has slowed more recently because of some of the economic strain and slower environment there. But we did just recently relocate one of our executives to Amsterdam to help really lead a greater pace of investment and growth. We're going to open offices a little bit more aggressively, and we feel like, again, over the next 10 or 20 years that there's a really good opportunity to replicate our surface transportation offerings and really grow that business disproportionate to what's happening in the market. That's another example of where we're taking a pretty long-term approach towards it. It's not the greatest environment to really be trying to invest more aggressively and taking market share for reasons that we talked about earlier. But we do feel like our service, our truckload service especially, is working well, and that there's a lot of opportunity for longer term market share gains. And we have ramped up our commitment to it this year.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Peter Nesvold with Jefferies.
Tavio Headley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: This is Tavio Headley in for Peter Nesvold. So what has to happen for yields to move in your favor? Do we need to tip into a loose market?
John P. Wiehoff: I think I kind of mentioned earlier that there's a couple of things that could happen, but it's some combination of movement on either the supply or the demand side, and that could either be the continued contraction of capacity and more severe shortages that really start to cause shippers to take a different attitude towards expedited or incremental freight charges or it could be new supply coming in that changes the dynamics and loosens the market, as you suggest. The more likely thing in the short term historically at least has been more aggressive change on the freight demand side. That's an easier needle to move in the short term just in terms of some sort of peak season or accelerated freight demand that would cause a change in that balanced market condition that we've had for a few years.
Angela K. Freeman: So unfortunately, we're out of time. That will have to be our last question. We apologize we couldn't get to everybody today. Thank you for participating in our second quarter 2012 conference call. This call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the C.H. Robinson website at chrobinson.com. It will also be available by dialing (800) 406-7325 and entering the passcode 4556404#. If you have additional questions, please call me, Angie Freeman, at (952) 937-7847. Thank you.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Angela K. Freeman - Vice President of Investor Relations and Public Affairs John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Chad M. Lindbloom - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Tavio Headley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Alexander V. Brand - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division John L. Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Matthew Troy - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson First Quarter 2012 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Tuesday, April 24, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to Angie Freeman, C.H. Robinson Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Freeman.
Angela K. Freeman: Thank you, Joe. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, CEO; and Chad Lindbloom, CFO. John and Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our first quarter performance, and we will follow that with a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]  Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate our discussion. The slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is located at chrobinson.com. John and Chad will be referring to the slides in their prepared comments.  Finally, I would like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. And with that, I'll turn it over to John.
John P. Wiehoff: Thank you, Angie, and thanks to everybody who's taking the time to listen to our first quarter 2012 conference call. We sent our earnings release out about 45 minutes ago and as Angie mentioned, I will be referencing the accompanying slide deck that helps explain our results for the first quarter.  Starting with Slide 2 on that deck, the overall summarized results referencing our 4 kind of key metrics that we always talk about. Our total revenues for the quarter grew 7.9%. Net revenues grew 6.3%. Income from operations were up 8.2% and EPS increased 10.2% for the quarter. Similar to past sessions, I'm going to make some prepared comments by service line, and then turn it over to Chad for some overall financial statement comments and then I'll wrap up with a few other thoughts.  Before we jump into the comments by service line, I'd just like to highlight some of the general themes that hopefully will come through in the call is that across all of our services, we did have better volume growth than the past couple of quarters. We felt better about our market share gains and our growth in almost all of our activities. We also feel very good about our execution and our service levels. We feel like the company is running well and that our services are being delivered in a fashion that we're proud of. You'll hear a fair amount about margin compression across all of our services, and another common theme is that we are investing in people and systems, with hiring and additional investments up to support our future growth. So moving from there to Slide 3, our overall transportation results for the first quarter of 2012. Transportation net revenues grew 7.1% for the quarter. As I mentioned, we did have volume growth in all of our services in the transportation area. Our transportation net revenue margin declined in the first quarter of 2012 compared to the first quarter of 2011 and as you can see in the chart, was at the low end of our 10-year history.  We've talked a lot in previous calls about all of the things that can impact our margins. Given our business model, there are a lot of things and a lot of forces that end up being reflected in our net revenue margins, including fuel, timing and pricing changes around supply and demand, mix, competition, seasonality, utilization, a bunch of other things as well. The comments throughout the various services will hopefully help you understand a number of the impacts that are affecting our net revenue margins, but we do understand that it's challenging to understand what are fluctuations versus what are longer trends. Moving to the truck results, truck services on Slide 4. A reminder that this truck net revenue for us includes both truckload and LTL and combined, they grew 7.1% for the first quarter of 2012. In the truckload services, we were -- we did have stronger volume growth, with 8% truckload volume growth for the first quarter of 2012.  While our volume growth in the quarter was better than the past several quarters, we are in a part of the cycle where the tightening market causes our net revenue margin to decrease. Our truckload net revenue margin declined in the first quarter, primarily due to our cost of capacity rising faster than our pricing to our customers. The truckload market is tightening, and that caused truck pricing to rise. Higher-priced fuel also contributed to truckload net revenue margin decline.  We've discussed in the past, and it probably is a good time to revisit, our pricing to customers and how we execute that. Our pricing decisions are decentralized on a customer-specific basis. So our network of offices and our people and account managers that are in that network, one of the strengths of our business model is that we treat each customer and each opportunity with unique consideration around how we look at the market and the service requirements for that customer.  The decisions are supported centrally with analytical tools and other things to help us be consistent and accurate, but the decisions really are made customer by customer, branch by branch on a relationship-specific basis. So when we get to this part of the cycle, and we know that the market is changing and tightening and the cost of capacity is increasing, remember that for most of our truckload capacity on the procurement side, we are -- prices are changing fairly quickly, as the length of our commitments are generally shorter and that the prices will increase or change with the market much faster.  On the customer side, as we've talked in the past, we're very common, with half or more of the freight have some sort of pre-established price commitment or rates in place. So when the market starts to tighten as it is now, we generally see that cost of hire increase fairly quickly. And our customer pricing will adjust on a customer-by-customer basis as appropriate. It takes time for that to happen. The exact timing depends upon market circumstances. During the first quarter of 2012, we did see a significant tightening in March in our part of the business. So January and February had good volume growth but in March, the volume growth accelerated. And as we'll come back to later in the call, that's carried into April as well.  So we don't have the centralized tariff pricing, and we don't have the ability nor do we desire to change prices across the enterprise with a single decision or change. But it happens gradually where appropriate. Most often it happens lane by lane, and how quickly it happens will depend upon the market conditions and each customer relationship. On the LTL side of our business, we continue to have double-digit volume growth and feel that we continue to add good value to those services in the marketplace and that it remains a significant growth opportunity for us. Moving to Slide 5, our intermodal results. Again, we had double-digit volume growth in our intermodal services. Net revenues were up 1.2% for the quarter, so margin compression largely offset our pricing and volume gains. There was a continuation of themes we've talked about the past couple of quarters as well, with some changes in the mix to a little bit shorter length of haul overall with more growth coming in the East, as well as we continue to grow through some more dedicated intermodal relationships with dedicated intermodal shippers. And we continue to have success with owned or dedicated equipment that we're putting towards those relationships. Moving to Slide 6, our ocean and air results for the first quarter of 2012. Again, these represent primarily international air and ocean net revenues in our global forwarding business. We continue to see weaker demand and challenging conditions in our global forwarding industry relative to some of the other services that we provide.  Our ocean net revenues grew 1.2% for the quarter, and our air net revenue declined at 3.4% for the quarter. We're still happy with the progress in building out our global forwarding business. We're investing, and we do believe we're taking market share in both of these services. However, the market conditions remain softer, and net revenue margin increases help to offset some of the price declines and volatility in the marketplace. Moving to Page 7, other logistics services. As our slide suggests, these net revenues include transportation management services and customs brokerage revenues, which are the 2 largest components for the category. Our net revenues for this category were up 24.2% for the quarter. Most of the services in this category represent fee-based services, where we have a different type of pricing relationship with our customers. We continue to see long-term growth and demand for outsourced relationships that get handled through this management services category, and we continue to view this as one of the more positive and higher growth components of our story.  Our services that we can offer in the management services area are driven by the fact that we have a global offering that we feel very good about that we can cover on a pretty broad scale, as well as technology that we're very proud of and think is industry-leading. And then our people, with transportation and supply chain expertise, are very important as well.  So the combination of those and the changes in the marketplace, we would continue to have a very positive outlook for the transportation management services and the opportunities in this revenue category. And lastly, as a reminder, virtually all of these transportation management services are combined with more integrated customer relationships where we typically have a meaningful freight relationship as well, so transportation services revenues from the other categories are oftentimes integrated in with these management fees. Moving on to Slide 8, our sourcing service results. Very similar themes to several of the last quarters that we talked about, where we have some customer and mix transitions that continue. Our sourcing net revenues for the quarter declined 3.2%. As always, we have a change in some of the seasonality in different commodities that move around from a margin standpoint. Margins of 9.2% last year included the benefit of some volatility of bad weather in the first quarter of 2011.  The margins for this quarter probably represent more normal activity. We feel like we have one more quarter of 2012 where we have more challenging comparisons from some of the lost business that has transitioned out in our sourcing results. And we still have a lot of confidence in the value that we're adding and the programs that we are developing for longer-term growth in our sourcing services. The last service category, Slide 9, Pay Services, again represents those services offered through our subsidiary T-Chek. T-Chek's net revenues for the quarter grew 8.1%. Similar to last year, that growth was driven by high growth in our MasterCard services. In addition, some increased fees in the quarter due in part to higher fuel prices because a portion of the fees are based on a percentage of the sale.  Those are the prepared comments by service line. So now I'll turn it over to Chad for some prepared comments on our financial statements.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Thank you, John. On Slide 11 you can see, and as John mentioned earlier, our total net revenues grew 6.3% for the first quarter of 2012 compared to the first quarter of 2011. Overall, our operating expenses grew slower than our net revenues for the quarter. In our particular quarter, as we've talked -- discussed in the past, expenses and growth -- expense growth rate between net revenues -- expense growth rates can vary between net revenues and the operating expenses.  In the first quarter of 2012, our personnel expense increased 5% even though our headcount increased 9%. This decline in personnel expenses as a percent of net revenue was driven to a reduction in some of our incentive compensation and equity compensation programs that are based on the growth in earnings.  Our stock-based compensation expense for this quarter was 9.8% (sic) [$9.8 million] compared to 12.5% -- $12.5 million for the first quarter of 2011. Growth in other operating expenses was driven by increases in many different areas, including depreciation and amortization. This increase was driven primarily by increased investments in technology, both hardware and software, to support the long-term growth in our business. We also had increases in bad debt expense, primarily driven by one specific Chapter 11 filing. Other operating expense categories grew as well, as our people have been focused on growth, traveling more and other types of expenses to support future growth. Moving on to Slide 12. We continue to have a strong balance sheet, with cash and investments of approximately $311 million and no debt. Our net CapEx for the first quarter was approximately $14 million including investments in software. During the fourth quarter call, we talked about our CapEx expense expectations for 2012 of $40 million to $45 million. We now believe it's going to be closer to $45 million to $50 million, as we continue to ramp up and increase our investments in technology for future growth. Moving on to our share repurchases. We have discussed in the past our strategy of using share repurchases as a variable way to return excess cash to our shareholders. During the first quarter of 2012, we repurchased approximately 1.1 million shares at an average price of $65.55.  And now I'll turn it back to John for some closing prepared comments.
John P. Wiehoff: So with regards to the last slide and the current period comments, as we think about how our business is changing and what types of information can help understand the future and what results might look like, it feels like it continues to be as difficult as ever to try to forecast or understand how the economy and the demand and the tightness of the markets are going to change. So we like to share with you kind of how we look at the business, which is sort of realtime information and just share exactly what we know to date.  So for the month of April through yesterday, our North American truckload volume growth per business day was approximately 10%. Our total net revenue growth per business day was around 1%. So I'd like to throw out the customary cautions that, particularly in midmonth like this, there can be a lot of variances caused by the timing of weekends or holidays and its preliminary, and all those sort of caveats that can make things a little less certain than they would be at the end of the quarter.  But nonetheless, we do think it's relevant and want to share with you those 2 key metrics because they reflect the continuation of the trend from the last couple of quarters of the truck market tightening, our volume growth accelerating and net revenue margin compression offsetting that. So I would wrap up with some of the bullet points on the last side -- slide by saying that we continue to feel very good about how the company is executing. Our people are working hard, and we feel like our customer service levels are very good.  We're continuing to invest in our growth, both hiring people and building out the systems that we think we'll need for our future success. We're continuing to emphasize those account management relationships and evolving our strategies in the marketplace. We like the way our variable cost model works and feel good about how our business disciplines are staying intact, and we're working through the portion of the market cycle where we have to deal with margin compression and make sure that we adjust our pricing and adjust our services how and where appropriate.  With that, I'll finish the prepared comments and turn it over to the operator to open it up for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Bill Greene with Morgan Stanley. We will go to our next question. That is from the line of Chris Wetherbee from Citi Financial.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: When you think about the -- on your last comments, the normal kind of margin tightening cycle, could you give us a sense of kind of maybe where we are in the longer, I guess, longer freight cycle and how the tightening kind of plays out over the course of, I guess, the rest of this year and potentially longer? Do you need to see more sustained level of economic and volume growth in order to finally reach some level of stability? Or how do you think about that just in context of what would be a normal kind of margin cycle?
John P. Wiehoff: Well in a lot of ways, when we think about market cycles and what is normal, at a high level, the normal thing is that when volume starts to accelerate, that margins will compress. For the last couple of years, when we've talked about a relatively balanced market from a supply and demand standpoint and the fact that at the same time there was a lot of concern or discussion in the marketplace about all of the factors that were different this time around and how difficult it would be for capacity to add, how rule changes around hours of service and CSA would cause capacity to accelerate price more aggressively. But for the last couple of years, we've been sort of working with our customers, making sure that we had good plans in place to handle committed volumes. And frankly, like a lot of people, we may be a bit surprised that the market didn't tighten over the last couple of years. So in March and April of this year, we're starting to see some of that tightening and we're starting to see some price increases. But I think, kind of where it goes from here really has a lot to do with the overall demand in the marketplace and then how the supply side can react to that and how it will play out. So it is very difficult to predict. For the last couple of years, lots of discussion around if demand continues to accelerate and get more and more aggressive that there was the possibility for very significant price increases because the supply side was going to be hesitant and not able to add a lot of equipment in a short period of time. If that happens, we could see a longer period of margin compression and time needed to adjust prices. Even in the month of March when it looked like things were getting tighter towards the end of March it softened a little, and then it got tighter again in April. So it's too early to really know exactly what the depth of the tightening is going to be and how the supply side will react, how our competitors will react. But that's sort of the mode that we're in right now is just waiting to see how the next couple of months play out and how the market conditions warrant what type of response.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Is it fair to say that just a level of, I guess, predictability amongst the demand side is probably the best recipe for you going forward, whether it be a tightening that will initially cause some more meaningful margin compression? But does that ultimately provide you with the ability then to go to customers and start raising prices, the predictability of the trend of demand is kind of what you should be focused on?
John P. Wiehoff: Yes. I wouldn't say as much as predictability as what typically happens in the marketplace when the market starts to tighten is you'll see more and more service failures, and you'll see freight that the terminology that we would use is going deeper in the route guide that if you're a shipper, you have to go to multiple providers to find somebody who actually has equipment available to haul that. And when you start to see a marketplace where there are more persistent service failures and more persistent freight that gets tendered deep into the route guide, that's typically what will require or allow us and a customer to think about maybe some price changes that would improve service levels or improve commitments. So it's really about the consistency or repetitiveness of equipment availability, service failures and route guide depth in the marketplace that will drive it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Nesvold with Jefferies.
Tavio Headley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: This is a Tavio Headley in for Peter Nesvold. Operating expenses grew about as fast as revenue this quarter. Is that what we should expect going forward? Or is there any reason why one will grow faster than the other?
John P. Wiehoff: Yes, we've been talking for quite a few quarters now or actually years about the relationship between the growth in operating -- or net revenue and operating expenses and how, if you look back over the long term since we've been public, our net revenue growth has exceeded our operating expense growth to the tune that we've gone from a little under 30% operating income to net revenue to a little over 40%. We've been talking for quite a while saying we don't expect that same type of margin expansion going forward and that we expect periods of volatility where maybe one will grow faster than the other. But overall, the primary driver of growth will be net revenues going forward. And we won't expect it to exceed -- or to have that same type of operating leverage that we've experienced in the last 10 years.
Tavio Headley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just as a second question, yield and transportation were only down about 30 basis points year-over-year. Now that's not bad given capacity was well balanced. What drove this? Was it a mix?
John P. Wiehoff: As I said in the prepared comments, there can be a variety of things that impact the margins. Fuel prices this period were a little bit higher than they were in previous periods, which can have some downward pressure on it. There are mix issues from quarter-to-quarter. Those don't tend to have a tremendous impact. But if you look at it over a 10-year period of time, they can have a more meaningful pact -- impact. We feel like in the current quarter, probably the impact that was most dominant was just the timing differences and the price changes between suppliers and customers. So during the quarter, we saw some increases to our cost of hire and our cost of capacity and our pricing to our customers was more stable. It increased, but not by as much. So while it's difficult or frankly impossible to isolate any one variable in our margins, we feel like that was probably the most significant impact in the first quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Wadewitz with JPMorgan.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I wanted -- I guess, one short one on the doubtful accounts and then I had, I guess, a more substantial one. But Chad, you talked about doubtful accounts being up a little bit. Can you give us any sense of the magnitude of the impact?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Yes, you can see on the cash flow statement what the total provision for doubtful accounts was -- sorry, let me get the number really quickly. It was $8.4 million this quarter -- wait. No, I'm sorry. $4.8 million this quarter compared to $2.4 million last year. The bulk of that increase was made up by one customer that we had that was in the beef products industry, and they had some of -- the bulk of their products included the pink slime, which basically caused them to file Chapter 11 during the quarter. So they went from being a good credit risk to a bad credit risk all within one quarter.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. That's helpful. The question I had for John, there was an article not that long ago in the Star Tribune that talked about C.H. Robinson, and then you had some comments in the article. At the end of it, there was a question about, I guess you were commenting on potential impact of increased competition. And the way the article characterized it was you kind of said, "Well, if there's more competition, we grow at 12% net revenues, and that's still pretty good." You never know how things show up in the press in terms of context or what you intended. But is that something that's significant that you think maybe there is a reason to think that the net revenue expectation should be more like 12% looking forward, than 15%? Or is that really just kind of off-the-cuff, and that's not indicative of what -- how you view the business?
John P. Wiehoff: We have not changed our long-term growth goals. We have always been at 15%. We have always stated that as a longer-term growth goal, of which there's going to be variances in growth rates. Thank you for the comment on that, and I appreciate. That was a long conversation, of which kind of the final quote was included in the article. And really, the discussion was more around the fact that our growth rates have always varied. And they vary for a lot of reasons, including the margin fluctuations and the change in competition and all the different things that we've talked about in these calls and we talked about them through the article as well, too. So we were discussing how much of this was temporary and would cycle back to more typical levels and allow us to achieve that 15% growth rate and what, if any of it, was permanent changes around the cost of hire, the competition or things that would maybe not allow us to achieve those longer-term growth goals. And in several of the questions and several of the exchanges, we were talking about failing to achieve our long-term growth rates and failing to succeed. And the comment was really more around we believe that the long-term growth goal is still viable, that rates are going to fluctuate, our growth rates are going to fluctuate. But that I didn't like associating the word failure with our 2011 results, where the EPS grew 12% and felt like that was a pretty good year. So that was really kind of the closing comment was if, in fact, there are more permanent changes in the marketplace and that our long-term growth goal proves to be too aggressive in the future, that I wouldn't associate the word failure with it. But we have not backed off of our long-term growth target of 15%.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I wanted to explore a little bit on the expenses, and I know we talked a little bit about kind of the changes and how the margin increase wouldn't be the same as it was over the last decade. But you guys referenced a lot in terms of the expenses being a little bit higher to support "future growth." And certainly, obviously the business has seen better volume and you're investing in some of the other newer areas. But could you talk a little bit more specifically on what you're seeing out there in the pipeline in terms of those opportunities, because it feels it's a little bit more aggressive than just kind of the normal kind of growth opportunities.
John P. Wiehoff: Well for starters, Nate, one of the things is that we have always discussed how well our people costs are intended to stay pretty consistent or pretty variable, that we don't always hire exactly proportionate to the growth. That we've had some periods in the past where the past couple of years where we were growing our volumes, but we were trying to better leverage the existing network and the existing people. So now part of the -- part of our statement is just to confirm that as our volumes are growing 10%, we did add 9% people that we're investing in the network of human capital out there to continue the growth. So that's one of the messages, I guess, is just to make it clear and understand that while we have some variability in those costs, the network is hiring and we see that as a good sign in terms of the need to associate it with that. When you look at several other areas of our business and the services that we're offering is the trend of technology becoming more and more relevant is clear. So you've got the management services that I talked about in the prepared comments, where there are significant technology fees and lots of things that we're doing that are very dependent upon expanded and enhanced capabilities in our operating system. We've talked a lot about our global forwarding services and the money that we're spending to connect the planet from every office, in terms of all of the information and realtime pricing and things that we want to be able to improve our effectiveness at offering those services. In our Payment Services business, we've invested significant amounts of money to expand the capabilities into the MasterCard services and other types of supply chain cost, so that we can offer more comprehensive financial payment and information gathering services to help understand the supply chain or manage fuel cost. So those are just a couple of the examples of where our services are evolving and driving elevated technology investment as well, too, that we again feel is reflective of the fact that our services and the third party industry growth feels like there's as much opportunity as ever for us.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then just one quick follow-up, just in terms of the volume. Obviously, I think seeing a little bit of a broader pickup than you have over the last couple of quarters, is that the result of a couple of really big wins? Or is that just kind of broad blocking and tackling like you always do?
John P. Wiehoff: It's very broad-based. Our customer metrics are very similar to what they've been in previous periods. And if you think about the last couple of years and a more balanced market and the fact that we, like most people, wanted to be more positioned near the top of that route guide and kind of the first phone call that shippers were making over the last couple of years. What can happen in this period of time is that when everybody starts to have a little bit more freight, you're being tendered more freight across the board at those existing price commitments that are in place. And meanwhile, your cost of hire is going up because the carriers feel the market changing and are adjusting their prices daily pretty much in the type of environment that we're at. So what we've seen is kind of across-the-board elevation of tendering and us accepting a higher percentage of that freight at kind of existing relationships with a corresponding increase in the cost of hire.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Group with Wolfe Trahan.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: So I think that the part of the message over the past couple of quarters has been that you guys needed just a little bit more volume to start getting closer to that 15% net revenue growth target and I know it's just 23 days, but it feels like obviously we're getting a little bit better volume, but net revenue growth is just going in the wrong direction. So what is it from here that you need? Is it just more time on the customer pricing? Do you start to rethink some of the strategy in terms of growing the headcount so quickly? Is there something about maybe getting out to the sales force and telling them to go after more pricing? I guess, what is it really that you can control to start seeing this net revenue growth reaccelerate?
John P. Wiehoff: The way we think about it and the way the model has worked for the last 30 years is that volume growth fluctuates based on market conditions and margins fluctuate based on margin condition -- market conditions. In 2004, 2005, 2006, where we had double-digit volume growth and margin expansion and 25% to 30% net revenue growth, we did not then change our 15% growth target or expectations either. It was just a period of time when market share and volume growth was coinciding with margin expansion. When margins contract then volume is growing, we have more muted net revenue growth like we do now. So what we do is keep selling and executing and taking market share and waiting for the part of the cycle where we have, hopefully, this accelerated volume growth and at least margin leveling, if not margin expansion, that will cause a much higher net revenue growth. So the way we manage our business is just to accept the fact that margins are going to fluctuate and that we stay focused on servicing the customers, taking market share, hiring the right people, making the right sorts of investment and just allowing the various parts of the cycle to take what the market will give us.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: John, do you have any visibility to how long this part of the cycle is going to last this time around? I guess what's just a little confusing is it doesn't feel like we've had this big significant inflection in the market. It feels like it's been kind of this steady volume growth and kind of consistent truckload pricing environment. So I'm not really sure what's changed this quarter that's making it so much tougher to pass on the rate increases. Maybe if you have any visibility to how long this continues.
John P. Wiehoff: Well, from the standpoint of -- again, we're somewhere between 1% and 2% of the market and the customers, the commodities, the lanes that you're involved in can -- that we're involved in can cause our market and our tightness to look different from what you might be seeing in other companies or other parts of it, so I can't speak for the industry as a whole. But I know in our situation when we start to see accelerated demand or accelerated volume like this, as I said in the prepared comments, it really depends upon where the market goes from here and how tight things are as to what's the appropriate level of repricing and when do those margins level off. We also know that the first half of last year was better from a margin standpoint than the second half of the year. So some of it is comparisons, too, in terms of how the rest of the year will play itself out. And I appreciate, as I said in the prepared comments that, that can be a little bit of an unfulfilling answer because we don't know. We don't know what the market is going to look like, and we don't know what the appropriate level of repricing will be. But our history is that we manage these account by account on a decentralized basis, and we do what's appropriate based on the customer commitment, and those margins and volume growth have fluctuated, generally inversely and have worked well for us over time.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. And just last quick thing. I know Easter was later a year ago, right? I think right around April 23. So is there something in the 23 days of data that you gave us for the second quarter that makes the comp really tough and maybe the comp sees a little bit in the back half of second quarter? Or do you think that this 1% net revenue growth is kind of a fair expectation for the full quarter?
John P. Wiehoff: There could be some comparison differences, and that's why we put that out. I think, as I said in the prepared comments, we think it's best just to share exactly what we're seeing. But every day of the week, certain days, Mondays and Fridays tend to be different than the other days. Holidays have an impact, as Easter would. I don't think that it would be more than a couple of percentage points at this point. The comparisons change as the quarter wears on and there's lots of other things, so it could certainly vary. But it's not -- I think it's still -- we wouldn't share the information if we didn't think it was pretty relevant directionally.
Chad M. Lindbloom: And as John actually said in the prepared comments, it could -- the quarter could turn out completely different than the first 23 days of the quarter. We want to make it clear that we did not give that as a projection of the quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Alex Brand with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Alexander V. Brand - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: To follow up on Scott's question, it doesn't seem like that much has changed in the market. So I'm wondering if -- is your accelerating demand, maybe you guys were going and doing a better job taking share? Are there any specific customer types or industry verticals you could point to where you're seeing this accelerated growth, which then John might answer the question on whether it's different from the vast majority of the industry?
Chad M. Lindbloom: We did see some pricing or volume growth expansion during March which has continued into April. But the profit per load was correspond -- the cost of hire, basically, was rising faster than our prices to our customers. So we did see some acceleration in March. And whether that increased demand will continue is very difficult to predict.
John P. Wiehoff: We studied and did not see anything across the industry verticals or regional. There's always nuances around -- flatbed was a little better, some of the produce stuff. I mean, you can kind of go region by region, and there's some smaller interesting things, but nothing really that significant. I would say probably the thing that was the most relevant is what I shared earlier that we've clearly, over the last couple of years, have moved up the route guide and probably had a pretty high mix of committed relationships and committed pricing. And so when you're working with those customers on a more dedicated basis and you're at the top of the route guide, it's just a general reflection of an uptick in demand from all of them.
Alexander V. Brand - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. It does -- it seems like -- I think it seems like to all of us that the disparity between 10% volume growth and 1% net revenue is pretty big. That seems like a big squeeze. Can you just talk about what -- how much was the cost of hire going up in, say, March? And has it accelerated? What kind of percentage increase in cost of hire are you seeing in April?
Chad M. Lindbloom: The cost of hire increases -- hold on one second. The cost of hire increase -- sorry, I don't have last year's monthly numbers in front of me. So I can't give you. It did increase by quite a bit sequentially from January to February of about 4% just in the one month. And while I'm trying to find it -- okay. Sorry, that's what I can tell you right now. The other thing that I guess is relevant is the 1% is an enterprise net revenue number; that's not just the truckload piece of it. So source and comparisons and other things that are in there as well, too. But it is a pretty -- I understand the point though. It is a pretty meaningful squeeze that has hard to do with comparisons, a lot to do with the increase in the cost of hire and the fact that customer pricing has stayed fairly static for the first quarter through the first part of April.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Barnes from RBC Capital Markets.
John L. Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just sticking with this point, has there been any change in your ability to attract carriers in? It certainly didn't feel like, from the truckload results we've heard thus far, that pricing was up as sharply as you're talking about it in the quarter from the larger carriers. And I'm just curious. Has something changed in the carrier base that you've historically recruited from as it -- the amount of capacity that washed out during the downturn kind of finally caught up, now that maybe volumes have got there and that's what's pushing your specific cost of transportation higher?
John P. Wiehoff: Our carrier metrics show that we still are highly driven by the medium and small carriers. So from a pricing standpoint, I don't think the larger public company disclosures would necessarily be the same as that because we -- again, probably 2/3 of our freight moves on fairly small carriers across the network who can and do adjust prices more quickly than the larger carriers who generally have a smaller list of customers that are a significant portion of their freight that have longer-term price commitments to them. So it really would be more looking at sort of those backhaul or irregular lanes of the larger carriers and the pricing there and how that associates with the medium and smaller carrier base.
John L. Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. But I guess what I'm asking is if -- I understand that you tend to haul on the smaller carriers. I mean, has there -- has something changed in terms of the availability of that capacity that's pushing rates higher? Is there less of that capacity to higher now versus when we've seen prior recoveries in volumes?
John P. Wiehoff: I don't know that we can answer that for certain. We've -- as far as whether there's less available versus if they're just more aggressively raising prices, all I know for certain is that we have thousands of people dedicated towards managing those relationships and getting the best piece of equipment at -- the right piece of equipment at the best price, and they raise their prices. So whether that's indicative of the fact that there's fewer of them or more aggressive or fuel is a bigger deal or they weren't able to work as many hours or we didn't negotiate as well, it's all of that rolled into the buy, sell relationship.
John L. Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. All right. One question, just on a different topic. Just domestic intermodal during the quarter was strong by all kind of data points. I'm just kind of curious as to -- has there been any change in your mindset around how you approach that market? Have you altered your thoughts about how many containers to own, the percentage of your intermodal business that you want to address with your own equipment and anything along those lines on the intermodal side?
John P. Wiehoff: Nothing real significant other than that we just continue to believe and support the longer-term trend of intermodal being a good option for that longer-haul freight. So we are investing in equipment. We do want to keep that a smaller portion of our total capacity needs that is aligned with dedicated intermodal shippers. So we don't have a lot of fleet risk or utilization risk because we feel like that could put us in a situation where we're trying to force that capacity into the marketplace in the future rather than doing what's optimal for our customers. So we're trying to do the best we can to match more dedicated equipment to dedicated intermodal shippers. And that, by definition, would be a smaller percentage of our total intermodal activity. But we're growing it as aggressively as we can. We're selling it and investing in and where appropriate to match the service. And what we really do see is that, like I'm sure you've seen elsewhere in the marketplace, that those longer length of haul truckloads really have a more and more difficult time competing with the intermodal service, especially when fuel prices get higher and rail service is good and all the rest of that. So we're trying to make sure that we stay active and viable in that space for our customers.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Justin Yagerman with Deutsche Bank.
Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Am I right in thinking that you guys basically got pink slimed this quarter? I mean at the end of the day, you guys would've had $0.02 of upside relative to where you were if you'd taken that as a onetime charge here?
Chad M. Lindbloom: The actual pink slimed customer was $1.8 million of provision. So you tax effect that, it's more like $0.005 or $0.075.
Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So about $0.01 if I round up my model. All right.
John P. Wiehoff: I think the interesting part of that example, though, is we've talked about it a lot that in the past, it would more typically take a period of years for a customers' credit situation to deteriorate, and we could adjust. And it feels like in the last couple of years we've had good, healthy, long-term customers go bad in very short period of times just representative of the market volatility and the banking environment and all the rest of that. So for us, it was kind of the latest example of where the market's pretty volatile and we just got to be careful.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Yes, usually we are able to see some signs and manage down our receivable exposure by taking less volumes with troubled customers. This one just came -- I mean, I think it was in a matter of 6 weeks they went from probably everything status normal to filing Chapter 11.
Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And when I think about -- you gave us some color on the first 23 days of the quarter, and I know we talked on it a bit here. But just trying to get an idea of what's causing the bulk of that margin compression. Is it all pricing? Or is fuel still playing a big role in that? I'm kind of a bit curious if you're willing to talk to what productivity per average employee looks like. Sequentially, your net revenue per average employee was -- improved nicely sequentially from Q4 to Q1, so you were getting productivity pickup here. Is that continuing in terms of overall trend?
Chad M. Lindbloom: It's really -- as far as is it continuing into April, we can't really measure that till the month's over and we close the books and have all the operating expenses in the final April headcount. But I'm not aware of any real shifts in it other than to say, if we are continuing to experience profit per load compression, that could put a slight strain on it. But as far as many productivity measures and how many loads are we doing per person and things like that, we expect those to maintain at their current levels.
Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then if you were to break down that margin compression in April so far between pricing and fuel, what's driving the majority of that? Or is it something else that I'm not -- I got to imagine it's one of those 2 things since volumes are up.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Yes, well, I would say it's a combination. First of all just to be clear, the 10% volume growth numbers on North American truck only, the 1% net revenue growth is consolidated net revenue. So we're not saying that truck net revenues are up 1% with 10% volume growth. But there definitely is -- there is a reduction -- logic would tell you there's a reduction in profit per truckload. Many things in dollars, many things impact net revenue margins including the price of fuel. But the information you can glean from that is there's a likelihood there's a reduction in the profit per truckload compared to last year's April.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tom Albrecht with BB&T Capital Markets.
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: I wanted to make sure I heard something correctly. John, did you say that it appears to you that some of your customers have experienced a little bit more service failures recently and as a result, you're starting to see more tendering of loads. So that's kind of part one of the question.
John P. Wiehoff: What I said was that along the lines of looking at when and how does pricing and price adjustments occur, it's generally when customers start to experience, in the marketplace, service failures and have demand in excess of supply that's willing to show up is typically when we and others would start to look at price adjustments that are occurring. What we have experienced thus far is an increase in demand, an increase in volumes, an increase in the cost side of our freight. But I'm not aware of a lot of price discussions and renegotiation of customer pricing at this point because of service failures or route guide depth.
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. So we just haven't reached that critical point then. And so I think part 2 of my question is your transportation net margin did rise 60 basis points from the December quarter. For a long time it used to always rise, but the last couple of years it had actually contracted from December to March. Is that just a statistical anomaly? Or is that something that I should take as maybe an early sign of a bottom?
John P. Wiehoff: Could you repeat what you're looking at, just to make sure we've got the right numbers?
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Yes, sure. The transportation net margin was 16.9%. It improved from 16.3% in the December quarter. So I'm looking sequentially last year-over-year. And so even though your transportation net margin declined year-over-year, it did improve sequentially. And is that unimportant? Or it seems like that's the way it used to be, but the last 2 years you'd seen a contraction.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Yes, generally the first quarter is looser than the fourth quarter overall which, if everything else remains constant, you would expect it to expand quarter-to-quarter. When you look at -- fuel prices can have a pretty big impact on our margin percentage, and fuel did creep up a little bit compared to the fourth quarter of 2011, so that drove part of the -- or that -- actually, the fluctuation was greater if you would exclude the impact of fuel, so it's more difficult than what the other first quarters have been in history.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Troy from Susquehanna.
Matthew Troy - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I just wanted to ask a quick question on the M&A pipeline. Obviously, we have pending changes to current tax regulation. You probably have more than a couple of people out there that are doing some estate planning. I was wondering if you've seen any more willingness or flexibility at the negotiating table in terms of deal terms. Obviously, the publicly traded asset livestocks have not done well in the last 6 to 12 months. So as a proxy for deal valuations, maybe that suggests that things are a little bit more combinative. Is the pipeline bigger? And are people more flexible? How's it feel out there?
Chad M. Lindbloom: There's definitely some activity going on and there are -- I have seen, just recently, at least some teasers come out from companies that are relatively large sized, privately-held companies. So there's definitely activity going on in the marketplace. I haven't necessarily seen or know of what the pricing expectations are at this time.
Matthew Troy - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. Is it fair to say that you're as engaged as you've been in the past? Obviously, you've been very methodical in your history of M&A. But just wondering if you've stepped up activity or is that more of the same from your perspective.
John P. Wiehoff: I would say that we're going to put the same criteria towards it. But we're as actively engaged as we can be to make sure that we understand all of the opportunities. Our long-term growth story has always been predominantly about organic growth and that customer service level and the things -- the continuity of business that we're so proud of is we don't want to take any undue risks from an integration standpoint or a cultural standpoint. So we're going to have a fairly aggressive filter on any deal that we look at. But we believe that we're aware of everything that's happening in the market, and we feel like we're being as engaged or as aggressive as anybody else to make sure we explore if they fit.
Matthew Troy - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: And last follow-up would be just on recruiting. I'd actually heard from 1 or 2 of your competitors that they were losing folks to you. Hard to know what's anecdotal in the marketplace, so I don't want to over read that. But is it safe to say you're able to hire people where and when you need them?
John P. Wiehoff: Yes, we feel very good about that. I think our recruiting pipeline is in good shape. We hire a high percentage of the people right out of school. And that continues to be -- it's still a challenging marketplace for college graduates to get in. So we feel like we have a pretty healthy pipeline of candidates that are there. We do some very selective, more experienced hires in the marketplace, and I think we've had some success with that as well, too. But the high, high percentage of them are recent college grads, and we feel very good about the caliber of people that we're adding to the team.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Hartford with MorningStar -- sorry, Ben Hartford with Baird.
Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: With Baird. I wanted to get your sense, John or Chad, in terms of the mix of contractual versus transactional business in the quarter, whether we were seeing any sort of discernible shifts in favor of one versus the other, on the truck side in particular.
John P. Wiehoff: Again, it's really hard. Those are fuzzy definitions, and it's hard for us to know precisely where that's at. The definition that we use around contractual is where there's an established price commitment to the customer, and we know that since our top 200 or 300 represent close to 1/2 of our business, and for most all of those customers, we have an established rate matrix and relationship. In the past, we've said, "Hey, there's probably somewhere around 1/2 of our freight where we have a committed relationship or a contractual relationship." Over the last couple of years, because of the more balanced market conditions, that percentage of our business has probably moved towards the high side, probably greater than 50%, where with those larger customers and with anybody in the marketplace in a balanced market, if you want access to their freight, you'd need to be near the top of their route guide and their first phone call or their first electronic tender. So I do feel like coming into the year, while it's a very imprecise science and there's not clear definitions around it, that we did have a fairly high percentage of freight commitments that are more pre-priced or more contractual, and that clearly is where you get squeezed when the cost of hire starts to rise because it's harder to adjust those prices quickly.
Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Good. And then on the LTL side, you talked about being pleased with your offering there. Could you talk a little bit about -- I get positioning this cycle versus the last given the fact that LTL capacity has started to normalize, but the market is obviously more consolidated relative to the truckload and historically has been less penetrated on the brokerage side versus truckload. Can you talk a little bit about some of those dynamics as we think about the next 12 to 24 months for Robinson and for economic growth of LTL brokerage broadly?
John P. Wiehoff: Sure. So I think the longer-term value proposition in the LTL arena is around a single point of contact and process automation and claims resolution, a lot of the value added services that a third party can put onto a collection of other LTL networks. Over the past couple of years when there's been a lot of market volatility and concern about business failures and some aggressive market share moves by some of the larger players, there was just a lot of price volatility that came into play around how business was won or lost and who was being aggressive and who was chasing the low price versus who was looking at service. As you suggested, as the market has stabilized and pretty much everybody is pushing price increases and a little bit more balanced view towards profitability in the marketplace, we feel like it's transitioning back to where our outsourced solutions approached around technology and process and services are going to be the differentiator that would allow us to grow. So we can be responsive to a customers' need around pricing and making sure that it's competitive and adjusting to volatile times in the market. But we feel like it's gravitating back more towards those long-term value propositions.
Angela K. Freeman: And unfortunately we're out of time, so that will have to be our last question. We apologize we couldn't get to all of you today.  Thank you for participating in our first quarter 2012 conference call. This call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the C.H. Robinson website at chrobinson.com. The presentation is also located there in the webcast player and also on the Presentations page. The replay will also be available by dialing (800) 406-7325 and entering the passcode 4528312#. The replay will be available at approximately 7:00 p.m. Eastern time today. If you have additional questions, please contact me, Angie Freeman, at (952) 937-7847. Thank you.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-31 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Angela K. Freeman - Vice President of Investor Relations and Public Affairs John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Chad M. Lindbloom - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Anthony P. Gallo - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Christopher J. Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the C.H. Robinson Fourth Quarter 2011 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Tuesday, January 31, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Angie Freeman, C.H. Robinson Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Angela K. Freeman: Thank you. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, CEO; and Chad Lindbloom, CFO. John and Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our fourth quarter and full-year performance, and we will follow that with a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate our discussion today. The slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of the website, which is located at chrobinson.com. John and Chad will be referring to the slides in their prepared comments. Finally, I would like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. And with that, I'll turn it over to John.
John P. Wiehoff: Thank you, Angie, and thanks to everybody who's taken the time to listen to our fourth quarter call today. As Angie referenced, I'm going to start on our presentation deck with Slide 3, which has our high-level fourth quarter and year-to-date results. For the fourth quarter of 2011, consolidated net revenues grew 3.4%, income from operations grew 4.8% and EPS was $0.67, up 8.1% from last year. As you can see for the year-to-date numbers for the year ended December 31, 2011, our growth rates were more consistent, which is generally the case in our business model as a big component of our cost structure is based on annual programs. So there you see the net revenue income from operations and net income all up 11% with EPS up 12.4%. One of the other items that I wanted to highlight on the year-to-date results is that total revenues for 2011 were $10.3 billion. One of the goals we set for ourselves when we became a public company 14 years ago was to reach that $10 billion in gross revenues, and it's kind of a fun milestone for us and we're proud of being able to achieve that in 2011. I'm going to make some comments now about each of our individual revenue service lines. So moving onto Slide 4, starting with the consolidated transportation results. The transportation net revenues grew 4.9% for the quarter, 13.4% for the year. I'll get more specific on each of the individual service lines, but in general, we had volume growth in most all of our services with varied pricing impacts that I'll talk about given each of the individual services. On Page 4, one of the things that we like to highlight is the history of margins. And one of the more difficult things to predict or sometimes understand in our business is the fluctuations in the transportation margin percentage. For the fourth quarter of 2011, we had 16.3% net revenue margins on our total transportation. We've talked at length in the past about all of the different variables that cause those margins to fluctuate, including fuel and our supply and demand conditions, our account management decisions around how we price and the delays and timing of customer and provider pricing, and maybe more importantly, the business mix by lane and by type of service. And again, there's a lot of moving parts in there, but I guess the way we would evaluate 2011, is that while the fourth quarter, our 16.3% compared to 17.6% last year and caused some net revenue margin compression in our growth rate year-over-year, if you look at that 10-year history and as we analyze our business model, we feel like those gross margin or transportation margin percentages are within a typical range of our business model during the fourth quarter. Moving on to the truck results category. As a reminder, our truck net revenues include both full truckload and less-than-truckload net revenues. For the fourth quarter, the combined net revenue grew 5.5%, just under 15% net revenue growth for the year. We do see -- we did have 7% volume growth in the fourth quarter, which increased from the last couple of quarters and year-to-date volume growth on the truckload side of 5%. The truckload net revenue margin declined during the quarter for the reasons that I described before, as truckload is the most significant portion of the overall transportation. So it's indicative of the percentages that I talked about on the previous page. In our LTL business, we continue to have strong double-digit volume growth with 14% growth for the quarter. I've talked in the last couple of quarters about how our LTL service offering and systems continues to hit well in the marketplace in terms of providing the types of values that a lot of shippers are looking for now, and we continue to be pleased with our volume growth and success in the LTL services. Moving on to Page 6, our intermodal services. Net revenues grew 7.9% for the quarter, 12% for the year. We did have double-digit volume growth in our intermodal services. But again, that was offset by some net revenue compression. I think our overall feeling towards the intermodal business is through the longer-term secular trend of intermodal growth and taking some share. We feel like we're participating in that, even though it's a smaller component of our business. We feel good about our operational and execution capabilities. We've talked in the past about how we've ordered some dedicated equipment that we've integrated into that business, and we feel very comfortable about our execution capability and the success that we're having in driving that intermodal business. In terms of pricing and mix changes that compress the net revenue margin a little bit, we did have stronger growth in the East than in the West, which contributed to some of the lane mix where the margins would be a little bit different. Moving on to Page 7, the air and ocean global forwarding services, this service line is something that we're far less mature in. So you see a lot more of the industry volatility and the impact on our results in the fluctuations of our activity. Ocean net revenues grew 1.8% for the quarter, 10% for the full year. We did have volume growth in our ocean services, but as most of you probably know, that industry softened quite a bit towards the end of the year, driving some pricing declines in our services there. We continue to see a lot of volatility in our Air business, which is one of the smaller service offerings that we have. So we did see volume and price decline in the quarter. As most of you again probably know, there's a lot of consolidation, economics and density factors that drive your net revenue growth there that, given our lesser scale in that, the industry impacts translate to a meaningful impact for us. Moving to Slide 8, other logistics services for the quarter. As a reminder, there are several things that are in there but the most significant are the transportation management fees and the customs brokerage business. Our net revenue growth accelerated in the fourth quarter to 12.6% growth for the quarter, 4.6% year-to-date. As we've talked in the past, our transportation management fees and the outsourced services that go with that continue to have really good momentum. We feel like our global capabilities and our industry-leading technology combines to be a good offering for us, and we continue to feel good about our pipeline and the value that we can create above and beyond the traditional transportation services.  As a reminder, a lot of the fee-based logistics services that we provide that show up as revenues in the other logistics category are also tied to accounts that we have significant freight relationships with. So we feel like this is a good measurement and a good indication of how we're transforming the business to add value to our more dedicated customers with more technology and with more industry knowledge in an integrated way with the transportation services that we offer. Moving to Page 9, our Sourcing results. Sourcing net revenues declined 13.5% for the quarter, down 7.8% for the year. Our explanation and comments are very similar to the last several quarters. We've had some significant change in the mix of our business with lost business from a large customer. We've also had a lot of seasonal fluctuations which would be typical for that sourcing business.  Longer term, we do feel good about our growth prospects and that we continue to add value with a lot of new customers. And as we've mentioned before, there will be 1 or 2 more quarters into 2012 where we have difficult comparisons from lost business. That business has been gone for couple of quarters now, but we just continue to cycle through the comparisons for a couple more quarters. Moving to Slide 10, Payment Services. Net revenues for the quarter up 4.1%, up 8.7% year-to-date. Our MasterCard services continue to grow nicely, as well as some increased fees due to higher fuel prices in the fuel payment services that we give. With that, I'll finish my comments on the individual revenue service lines. I'm going to turn it over to Chad for some prepared comments on income statement and cash flow, and then I will come back to finish and wrap up with a few thoughts about our long-range strategy and what we're thinking about the future.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Thank you, John. As you can see on Slide 11, as John mentioned earlier, total net revenues grew 3.4% in the fourth quarter and 11.2% for the year. Overall, our operating expenses in the fourth quarter and for the full year were in line with the growth of our net revenues. As John mentioned earlier, and you can see the impact of our variable cost model, in particular -- in any particular quarter, the growth rate between net revenues and operating expenses can fluctuate. In the fourth quarter of 2011, our personnel expenses declined, and also obviously, declined as a percentage of gross revenues. That was due to a reduction on some of our incentive compensation and on equity compensation programs that are based on the growth in earnings. Because our earnings growth in the fourth quarter of 2011 was slower than our earnings growth in the fourth quarter of 2010, and also because our growth rates have slowed throughout 2011, where they accelerated throughout 2010, that creates a fluctuation as is designed into our incentive programs. For the fourth quarter of this year, our restricted stock expense was $6.5 million -- I'm sorry, it's our total equity expense, which includes primarily restricted stock, compared to $14.5 million for the fourth quarter of 2010. There were some other -- other operating expenses did increase at a greater rate, driven by some claims, travel, temporary services and some other categories that grew faster than the business. Moving on to Slide 12, we continue to have a strong balance sheet, with cash and investments of $374 million and no long-term debt. We had a good cash flow from operations, quarter of approximately $136 million for the quarter and $430 million for the year. As you can see, there is quarterly fluctuations sometimes in our cash flow. Even though our cash flow for the fourth quarter of 2011 was lower than 2010, you can see that it increased by nearly 25% for the year. Our net CapEx for the quarter was approximately $24 million. As we discussed on the third quarter call, in addition to our usual ongoing CapEx, we had some additional expenditures in the fourth quarter. Approximately $6.7 million for the intermodal containers that John mentioned earlier and a net expenditure of about $6.1 million for a corporate aircraft. Our 2012 CapEx expectations are to be in the $40 million to $45 million range. During the second half of the 2012, we expect to start the construction of another building on our Eden Prairie campus. This estimate of $40 million to $45 million includes about $5 million for the portion of the building that will be paid for during 2012, and we expect the total cost of the building to be approximately $15 million with the remainder being expended in 2013. Moving on to our share repurchases, we have discussed in the past our strategy of using share repurchases as a variable way to return excess cash to our shareholders. We continued that program. And as you can see, during the fourth quarter of 2011, we purchased 1.3 million shares at an average price of $67.84. With that, I'll turn it back to John for some final prepared comments on our long-term growth strategy and goals.
John P. Wiehoff: So moving to Page 13, I thought I would start -- at the end of each fiscal year, we like to sort of recap our take on the year and how we're thinking about our long-range plans and what our growth objectives look like. As a reminder, our long-term growth goal is 15% for net revenues, operating income and diluted EPS. Our primary tactics for reaching those goals are to take market share in the services that we offer today, add some new supply chain services and expand what we're capable of, and expand our global network into new geographies and new areas to serve our customers. We feel like we have a lot of market share left to grow in and we feel like the macro trends around focus on supply chain and focus for the types of value-added things that we're trying to provide to our customers has as good a demand as ever. If you turn to Page 14 then, there's a lot of numbers on that slide, but we thought it would be useful to kind of look at our 14-year history from the standpoint of our key financial metrics and talk a little bit about our performance and how we think about things going forward. If you look on the far left-hand side of the slide around gross revenues, I mentioned earlier that for 2011, we achieved that milestone of $10.3 billion of gross revenues, which is something we've been striving for during this period of time and are very proud to have achieved it. Looking at that $10 billion of revenue, I think focuses on the question of market share and kind of growth opportunities. For those of you who are familiar with the industry, you know that the services that we offer and the scale -- we're literally starting with a market of trillions from a global standpoint and at least $1 trillion in the U.S. around the total freight and logistics market. So while we're proud of that $10.3 billion of revenue, it is easy for us to imagine being a $25 billion or $50 billion company in the near-term future and continuing to grow and take market share over the next decade or 2, the way we have in the past. So when we look at our gross revenues and our total presence in the marketplace from the services that we're providing, we continue to feel like that market opportunity is there. And as I mentioned earlier, the macro trends around our customers and most industries focusing in on supply chain as a way to add value and the types of services that we're providing, we feel pretty good about that opportunity. When you look at the net revenue category, that brings in the discussion around margins and what I talked about earlier in terms of the market fluctuations and all the reasons why our net revenues can grow or change differently than those gross revenues. Similarly to the quarter or the year in this 15-year history, there's a lot of changes going on in those net revenues. But when we analyze our business from a margin and capacity standpoint, we feel like we can continue to buy and sell services and grow our business the way we have over the past couple of decades, really since deregulation in 1980, but particularly, since 1997 as a public company. So while we expect those margin percentages and the net revenue growth to fluctuate a little bit, sometimes in unpredictable ways based on the market, we do believe that our business opportunity and our business model will stay intact with regards to the net revenue piece of it. When you move over to the operating income and the variable nature of the model that we've talked about several times in our call, if you look to the far right-hand side of this slide, you see the operating income as a percentage of net revenue staying very variable and increasing throughout this period of time.  We do believe that we can continue to drive productivity and drive efficiency in our models, and as we've talked a number of times, our compensation and incentive system, which are a huge part of our cost structure, have a lot of variability to them and we will expect to continue that going forward. If you look at the 3-percentage change columns around net revenue, operating income and diluted EPS, we're very proud of the fact that there's no negative numbers in there. I think that really speaks to our continued emphasis on growth and the fact that our business and cost structure is very much driven by a variable cost model. We talked in our last call at length about 2009, how that $1 billion decline in total revenues still resulted in a slight growth in net revenues because of margin expansion and the challenges that we've had to dig out of that over the last couple of years. Because of our variable cost model, a lot of the expense was taken out in 2009 when we had a more challenging year from the beginning of the recession. But over the last couple of years, our stock expenses and others -- operating expenses, while they've come back to more normal levels, we still have had some of the more challenging comparisons from quarter-to-quarter as the business sort of grows back. When you look at the year-to-date 2011, we're proud of the fact that we got back to double-digit growth in all of our categories, and we feel that when you look at all of these different key metrics, that it does support the case that a 15% long-term growth goal remains reasonable for us. Down on the bottom of the slide, we have the different compounded growth rates for the periods there, the 15, 10 and 5 years. We're proud of the fact that we've achieved our growth goals as a public company. Obviously, we haven't in the last 5 years in terms of that 15% growth goal. But we do feel like our opportunity is there in the marketplace. Our execution and our variable model is in as good a shape as it's ever been, and we think we're pretty well positioned to emphasize growth and continue to expand our presence in the marketplace going into 2012. Moving to our last slide of prepared comments then on Page 15. In terms of more specific comments for 2012, we did share in the press release that while it's still very hard to give guidance and be too forward-looking in our comments, we have found it most productive to just share what we do know to date, which is that through January 30 into 2012 North American truckload volume growth per business day is about 7% and total net revenue growth from an enterprise standpoint was about 6%. As we always like to share, the caveat that those things can change quickly, they move around a lot, especially early in a first quarter like this where March is probably the biggest month of the quarter and things can change quickly. But that's what we know to date. In terms of the variables that we control and emphasizing our growth and focus into 2012, we are hiring, probably as aggressively as we have in the last couple of years, to continue to build out our network. We've got some training and investment in our people that we continue to ramp up on and feel very good about how we can add value with our customers from a broader account management and broader service offering standpoint. We continue to make significant investments in IT. We've talked a lot the last couple of years about our systems investments and our integration around the world. We're happy with how that's going and we're investing more aggressively than ever in the automation of a lot of our services, as well as -- when I talked about the other logistic services really expanding the technology offerings and the types of things that we're doing with customers, which we think is not only an additional source of revenue for us, but really helping to transform the business and help us grow it in a meaningful way. So we're trying to build on that return to double-digit 11% growth in 2011 and emphasize some of the growth processes that we know helped drive the success of our company. We understand that the last couple of years have taught us that the overall economic environment can have an impact on our business and we have to stay flexible and stay sensitive to that. So hopefully, we'll get some cooperation in North America and Europe, especially, in terms of economic growth and a stronger economy that -- to help us get back into our longer-term growth target areas. But we feel very good about our long-term opportunity, how we're executing, our business model and the relevance to the marketplace. That's the end of our prepared comments. So with that, I will turn it over to the operator to begin our Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ben Hartford with Robert W Baird.
Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: John, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the -- you touched on it earlier, but the gross margin squeeze on the truck side this quarter. To what extent is it kind of a natural part of the cycle and I look back to '03 and there appears to be similar type of dynamic or parallel to be drawn there with volumes or positive pricing, growth that's positive but slowing, and it's not so much being squeezed on the capacity cost side as much as it is the normalization of gross profit per unit. So could you talk a little bit about that and your ability, I guess, to continue to get pricing from customers and their willingness to pay for capacity?
John P. Wiehoff: Yes. So what we have always talked about it when we analyze our business model is that a balanced market or a more stable market where freight is generally flowing a long route guides and bid prices, the way things were planned by most shippers at the beginning of the year, is a period of time where our margins will tend to normalize. And I think over the last couple of years, as we and others have talked about it being a balanced North American truckload market, what you've seen is just the normalization of some of our margins back to a more typical long-term range. If you look at that 10-year chart that we have on our slide, what you really see is that the recession and some of the ongoing volatility in 2008 and 2009 especially, where there were unprecedented volume declines but margin expansion. A lot of the last couple of years has just been the ripple effect of those impacts in the trucking community. The way we handle it, we've also talked about -- there are times when we'll go to shippers for rate increases or the shippers really drive when the bids occur. And there are timing differences between how the carrier cost will adjust and the shipper billing rates will adjust. And throughout the last part of 2011 here, while there were some customer price increases, our carrier pricing was increasing at modestly higher rates which was leaving -- leading to that net revenue compression from a year-over-year standpoint. But overall, we would characterize it as a balanced market that has gravitated back towards fairly typical margins from a long-term standpoint.
Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess, to follow on that, you described the market as balanced and volume growth appears to have normalized on the truck side. And to take share on the margin, is it just a matter of introducing some volatility, whether it's demand volatility, capacity volatility, to allow your share gain opportunity that you highlighted to begin to play itself out?
John P. Wiehoff: Yes. Measuring market share is a little challenging in the trucking piece because there's so many different indexes and it's hard to tell. But our general belief is that we can sort of hold our own during any period in terms of growing with the market and growing with our customers, but that our large market share gains generally come during periods of volatility, where there are route guide failures or a lot of more transactional freight than -- and we think we can help in different ways and be very flexible in the marketplace. So we're proud of our growth and success from the last couple of the years and where we're executing and yet we acknowledge that this hasn't been likely our best gains in market share over the last couple of years in North American truckload because it has been a fairly balanced market.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Bill Greene with Morgan Stanley.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: John, help me think about sort of the return to these long-term growth targets. Because I see some things that I'm sort of struggling a bit to reconcile. It would seem that only the market can get you back there, if I'm understanding you. Because when we look at your month-to-date growth rates, it's even below the 5-year CAGR, I think, and the 5-year CAGR is below the 10-year. So is it just the market or are there things like headcount growth and branch offices or an acquisition or something that's going to get you that you can actually do yourself? Or are we really just wait for the market from here as evidenced by that long 15-year trend that markets come and go, and we'll see when it comes back. Is that the right way to think of it?
John P. Wiehoff: It's all of the above. If you look at our 30-year history from deregulation or the last 15 years, we've had some acquisitions that have helped us expand our service offerings and have helped us grow into new geographies. And we continue to look for those more aggressively now than we have for the past couple of years. We have opened offices and used hiring as a way to drive growth and take market share. And again, we didn't do that as much the last several years because of the overall environment and uncertainty and the fact that we felt like we had excess capacity so that we could drive productivity gains for a while. There's no question that GDP growth and the tailwind of a stronger freight market helps to create some of that volatility or disruption or incremental need that we think we can get more than our fair share of. And then another point that I think is worth understanding, though, is that if you look back through this entire 30-year history, we don't necessarily need 15% volume growth to achieve our 15% revenue and earnings growth. We've always had some margin fluctuation. But over time, our mix and our margins have expanded a little bit, as well as using productivity to gain some of that. So it's a long list of how we manage the business and all the different things that we do to drive growth that we think can help us get back to a longer-term growth target.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And if you look at the international opportunity on the truck side, not sort of air and ocean. But is that yet at a point where it's worth thinking about what are the growth rates there? I assume they're much higher than the U.S., but maybe it's not big enough to move the needle and sort of -- is there sort of any kind of color you can provide in terms of scale that you have there and where that can go?
John P. Wiehoff: Yes, the European truck business is by far the most significant outside of North America. We believe that's somewhere between 3% or 4% of transportation net revenues. We continue to think that there's tremendous upside for us to be as large of a truckload service provider in Europe as we are in North America. It took us many decades to get to where we are here and we know it's going to be a long growth process there as there as well, too. But we feel like that's a marketplace that has a lot of opportunity and has a business environment similar to what we have in North America so that we can continue to grow at a faster pace there for the foreseeable feature. We have some road business in South America and are working to try to establish some of it in Asia. So those non-North American truck growth rates will help us over the next 10 or 15 years. They're not probably going to make a difference in the next quarter or 2 despite how successful we might be. But from a longer-term standpoint around diversifying our services and expanding in other geographies, they continue to be an important part of our strategy.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Anthony Gallo with Wells Fargo.
Anthony P. Gallo - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Congratulations on the $10 billion. John, could you spend a little time on the Sourcing gross margin which seemed to contract pretty good sequentially? I don't remember those types of moves in Sourcing. I was wondering if you could maybe put a little color around that.
John P. Wiehoff: So I think the main thing that you see there is in a lot of our different commodity categories, the fact that we lost some dedicated portions of business from a large customer, we were very aggressively trying to replace that with other customers and growing our business. So there's some typical seasonal fluctuations just based upon the crops and the strength of the supply and demand in the growing environment. But we also expanded pretty aggressively into some new items and some new customer relationships that didn't have the margin of some of the traditional business. So we actually had a slight volume growth for the quarter. But because of the significant shift in the types of items and the customer relationships that ended up with some meaningful net revenue decline.
Anthony P. Gallo - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Should we now think about that, at least over the intermediate term, as you rebuild volumes, is that a sub-8% or is it a low 8% -- which would be a progression with that margin now?
Chad M. Lindbloom: It's really difficult to predict because it does depend on a lot of different factors like weather and the mix and the prices of the commodities as well as the types of programs that we're successful with. Some of the new initiatives that John mentioned and some of the new volume we were taking on, we do expect those margins of some of those programs to expand over time. So I think 8% is very high 7s, or 8% is probably a good target.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Group with Wolfe Trahan.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: So if I just look at the truckload pricing you got from your customers slowed to about 3% in the quarter, how are you thinking about 2012 for pricing in truckload and how does that impact your view on truck net revenue margins? I guess, at the end of the that I'm just trying to understand, what's the environment you need to start seeing those net revenue margins start to expand again now that they're back at, I guess, what you said, John, as fairly typical levels?
John P. Wiehoff: Well, the -- I guess, there was a couple of questions in there. From an overall pricing standpoint, there is a fair amount of bid activity that's going on in the early part of the year which is common for this part of it. I think pricing is pretty interesting right now in the marketplace because, as everybody probably knows, there's been a lot of concern about impacts on the supply side and the fact that there's not a lot of trucks. And I think you see a pretty wide -- we see at least a wide avenue of different approaches around pricing where many shippers are trying to lock in more modest increases but make sure that they have good access to capacity going forward and others are trying to be more aggressive. But I would say low single-digit price increases are more common. What will change this kind of volatility that we talked about is that whenever there is a period of time where supply or demand gets significantly out of whack with the other side. So if we see a pretty tight capacity environment this year, and there's a lot of freight that starts to fall through route guides and there's a lot of transactional opportunities that customers need help with, that's when you'll see pricing start to move more fluid and you'll start to see more significant price increases and it will cause our margins to move around more aggressively like they have during periods in the past. So if we have this balanced market and things go fairly according to plan, at some point, our margins will at least normalize. And there won't be net revenue margin compression just because it will level off. But when they typically expand is when you start to see some of those more immediate opportunities based on market tightness.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Do you think it needs to be a demand-driven market tightness or any kind of market tightness? I mean, I guess in 2011, in many ways the market felt tight from a supply perspective but not from a demand perspective. Do you think you need demand or either way?
John P. Wiehoff: Demand is usually better just because incremental freight sort of allows us to keep our contractual commitments at healthy levels. And normally, we're getting more volume in dedicated relationships when there's a demand-driven side of it. So demand growth is better when that causes the disequilibrium. But, yes, like in the fourth quarter of 2008 and early 2009, when demand fell through the floor, you saw the opposite where we had volume declines like everybody else but significant margin expansions. So it can come in either direction, but we would prefer a healthy economy and strong demand growth, which we think has the best long-term outcome for us.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay, that's helpful. And just last thing real quick, if I can, we think about the 6% net revenue growth through January. Is there something about the comps in February and March that make it likely to be above or below that 6%, or the comps feel pretty normal the next 2 months?
Chad M. Lindbloom: No. I don't think there's anything unusual about the months of the year. Like John said -- or the months of the quarter. And like John said, as January tends to be the smallest month of the first quarter, so it's difficult to know how the whole quarter will turn out based on the first 30 days.
John P. Wiehoff: Yes. By March, you're generally starting to see some greater indication of how tight the spring might be in ramping up of volumes. So I would say that March, by definition, tends to be a little bit less predictable, even where January tends to be more soft from a volume standpoint.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. I guess, I was thinking just from a year-over-year perspective, if things get tougher or easier in February, March.
John P. Wiehoff: Not so much within the quarter. I don't think there's anything that we can say. When we look at all of our metrics, the fact that we grew faster and performed better in the first half of 2011, we do feel like our comparisons in general are a little bit harder in the first part of the year with the Sourcing business and some of the margin metrics around profit per load and other things that we analyze internally. But within the first quarter, I don't think there's really anything from a comparability standpoint. Obviously, if you'll look at the operating expenses, there's variance from quarter-to-quarter for the fluctuations that we've talked about. The big variable will be what happens in the transportation demand side of it, especially in the month of March and how much, if any, incremental volume and dislocation there is which would probably cause, I would guess, the biggest variation.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just wanted to ask John a little bit. We talked -- I think it was Bill's question, talked about kind of the long-term growth drivers in terms of things that you control -- can control and things that you're working on. In this kind of balanced environment that you've been in for a while, are there any different levers that you're trying to pull currently to make up the difference or is it really just as simple as the long-term C.H. Robinson strategy of managing for that long term?
John P. Wiehoff: There are some things that we can do more aggressively. Most of them fall under what we would refer to as account management strategies where we try to expand the service offerings and expand account penetration. And then there is just the hiring strategy. A lot of people debate, is hiring people a growth strategy when you can go into new markets and new services? And as we've talked over the last couple of years, we've been in that balance of growth and efficiency. We've been managing towards efficiency and making sure that the volatility of the market didn't cause us to serve our current customers in a lesser way, or that we compromised our incentives or the variability of our model. And now that we're back to a little bit different environment, we can press on some of those things a little bit harder without being concerned about our service levels deteriorating. So we can hire people, we can open offices, we can look a little bit more aggressively at acquisitions like we have done in some periods of time and we'll look to expand services and grow those account relationships with current customers. When you put all that together, I mean, those are what we do, those are our long-term competencies and competitive advantages that we continue to push on. And then we do -- there's a certain element of accepting the fact that at some times the market is going to give us different things. And we try to be ready for the higher growth when it comes and tolerate the lesser growth when that's what the market gives us if we're executing the best we can.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And then my second question is, when we think about pricing as you're kind of rolling out and trying to penetrate different customers with multiple services, and obviously, the increasing investment in technology to link up to your customers, how do you think about pricing as you're doing more services or more integration versus what may be used to be a standalone service?
John P. Wiehoff: So the transportation pricing of any customer relationship generally stands alone and is pretty market-driven around the rates and the pricing, the way it always has been over the last couple of decades. So even when we're working in more of an outsource solution or systems-provider environment, there's almost always very typical bids. And we will compete on those bids lane by lane, and the markets get very competitive and price driven for all those transportation services much like it has. When you get into the fee-based stuff and tying that together, it is different pricing models around understanding the people and the incremental technology cost that we're going to incur in order to implement an account or manage an account and then trying to understand what's a fair contribution to fixed cost and overhead in order to manage that relationship. So it's much more like other professional services-type environments where we're looking at time and cost and trying to make sure that it's healthy ROI for our customer for the fees that they would be spending with us, and that we can get a return on it by leveraging in our network. And ideally, what we're doing with more and more of our top customers is some kind of combined relationship, where we have those fee-based services and kind of the broader supply chain initiatives around taking costs out and driving value. And then a component of that is our participation in the freight management and the route guide execution, where we'll end up with traditional transportation revenues at normal margins as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Ceraso with Crédit Suisse.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I wanted to talk a little bit about the productivity in terms of net revenue per employee which looks like it got quite a bit weaker in Q4, certainly relative to what you printed last quarter. And it seems that within that, maybe that other operating expense was part of the problem. Could you go back to that and dig into that in a little bit more detail? What was behind the big increase in the other operating expense line?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Okay. So there's 2 questions in there. One's about net revenue per person because -- the SG&A expenses don't have anything to do with that. Net revenue per person, the way we calculated it, based on average heads was about 199,000 compared to 204,000 last year and 212,000. The one thing that we've always said about our business model is when we are generating less revenues, it's actually mainly driven on profits but less profits per head, our compensation expense will go down as well. So although there was slightly less -- something like 2% less net revenue per [indiscernible] compared to last year's fourth quarter, there was about 9% less personnel expense compared to per person compared to last year's fourth quarter. So I would say there is going to be fluctuations in that net revenue per person, number going forward, and the fact that it's down to 199,000 would be concerning if the personnel expense didn't react the way it was supposed to. And then your second question was SG&A expenses or the nonpersonal expense growth.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, operating expense.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Yes. The slide highlighted the major categories where we saw growth above the level of the business. And going back to that slide and talking a little bit about each of the different categories, the travel is -- us being aggressive in the marketplace, there's also impacts of our cost per flight are up and the implementation of our global system has created a lot more travel than we had a year ago. Some of the temp services is various different -- mainly call-center type people where we're starting to leverage temporary services which is taking away a little bit of headcount. But it's mainly a temp-to-hire process with some of our centralized call centers. Depreciation and amortization, that's mainly due to the investments we've made in IT over the years. And then over the years which are beginning to amortize. When you look at the claims expense, we do have lumpy claims expense in our business our business. There's constantly a list of different claims we're negotiating. And we did have quite a few freight claims this quarter where we decided to step in and take care of our customers' claim. Many of those will continue to pursue the carrier, the ones that are officially liable to the -- or for the freight claims. But we did take care of our customers and some of them to help maintain our customer relationships as part of that account management strategy John mentioned earlier. There was also one contingent auto liability settlement that was not a large one. The total settlement amount was within our retention limits, so it wasn't a very -- very large claim, like we had in the first quarter, which was tens of millions of dollars. This one was under our retention limit of $5 million and we were a participant in a settlement with the other parties to the claim.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Wetherbee with Citi.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about headcount. When we think about 2012, you mentioned about hiring aggressively and training the staff. Do you feel like we're at a point now, just given on kind of the volume outlook for 2012, you might be able to see some slowing in the rate of growth at least in the headcount in 2012, or is this something that's going to keep up with the pace of volume growth?
John P. Wiehoff: We've talked often in the past that with our 220-some offices, we do allow a high degree of discretion. The managers are really making a lot of those hiring decisions based on their pipeline of sales activity and how they see the business with a little bit of benchmarking and coaching and encouragement from the leadership team. Some of it is just the resumption of investment in people and investment in our network to grow the business and some of it will be based upon actual wins and what they're seeing in the marketplace and if they want to expand into another service line more aggressively. So it'll be a combination of all of those decisions based on the individual productivity levels and growth goals at the branch network. We talked about the net revenue per person on the previous question. Some of that, too, can be driven just from the fact that we're investing in people and starting to hire a little bit more aggressively. We feel like we get those people up to speed fairly quickly in our business model. But when we take off on growth, just like margins, they will fluctuate. Sometimes the personnel expense will lead a little bit and then the growth will start to come with that.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So I guess that's kind of the root of the question, you guys have been hiring at reasonably aggressive pace. In the 2011 calendar year you potentially could see some uptick there but I guess, it's going to depend on a kind of case-by-case basis from branch level.
John P. Wiehoff: Yes.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then if I could just follow up just on the Sourcing side. When you talk about the absolute level of business that you're doing, now that you've seen most of the culling, I feel like you said that you're going to see some tough comps on a year-over-year basis, I think, persisting for a couple of quarters. But when we think about the absolute level of volumes that you're doing there, is it fair to say that we've reached kind of a level that's appropriate for that and that's just more of a comparison issue going forward? Or is it still a little bit more of the adjusting to the losses of customers?
John P. Wiehoff: No, we've reached the baseline for the last couple of quarters. The challenge is that even in that baseline business, there's a lot of seasonal fluctuations based upon the commodity strength and strawberries that are very different than lettuce, they're very different than potatoes. And so when you have commodity mix and different crop levels and different seasons, the volumes in the buy-sell margins can change quite a bit even within what is otherwise consistent categories. So there will continue to be a little bit of fluctuation but your primary statement is inaccurate that for at least for a couple of quarters now, we've been to our new run rates and our new level of business and it's just mostly the first quarter part of the second quarter are cycling out of some of the lost dedicated business that we had.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So fourth quarter a function of kind of seasonality that would be typical and we can use that as a benchmark going forward?
John P. Wiehoff: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Yagerman with Deutsche Bank.
Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess going back to the long-term guidance, the biggest pushback that I typically get when talking to clients is that the environment has changed, at least from a capacity standpoint. We're not coming out of deregulation where there's a lot of market share growth in truckload carriers. And in fact, there's been an unprecedented amount of contraction in terms of the available pool of capacity. And then the other piece, obviously, being the influx of -- at least a more visible brokerage competition. So I guess, the question I have is a, do you guys feel like there's actually more brokerage competition now than there has been in the past? B, do you think that the capacity pool has ultimately shrunk to a point where the market's a little bit different? And I guess, the third part of that question before it gets too unwieldy is, how much does or does not that actually change your ability to execute your business?
John P. Wiehoff: Okay. Lots of good questions wrapped up in there. I would say, first off, there's no question that over the last 30 years, the capacity environment has evolved. And especially some of the regulatory stuff around the impacts of emissions and hours of service and CSA rules, there is a different environment in terms of the decision-making and the cost side of how truckers are ordering equipment and how capacity is being added. And so there is a pretty strong sentiment which we certainly feel that over the last couple of years, the marketplace has probably not added supply or added capacity the same way it has during a lot of periods in the past. You know when we went public 14 years ago, there were a lot of people who believed that there would be significant carrier consolidation and the fragmentation would go away in the short term and it wouldn't be there. And we've always been of the view that it's a fragmented industry, that supply and demand will fluctuate. And from a real high-level standpoint, I don't see a lot of change in that. The largest carriers aren't that much larger than 14 years ago. The big changes have been just around all the economics and regulations around the supply side and the fact that over the last couple of years, we've had a more muted economic growth, and we've had a lot of hesitancy to add a lot of supply because of the unknown impacts of financing and rule changes and the economy and all the rest of that stuff. I'd like to believe that that's a more temporary thing that will get back to more typical capitalistic fluctuations in supply and demand, and that people will be ordering trucks and that there will be higher growth than slower growth. So I don't think that fundamental dynamic has changed a lot. From the standpoint of the competitive landscape, that's something we get asked about a lot as well, too. There -- I think if you look at the absolute numbers of brokers, there's probably fewer of them than there was 10 or 20 years ago, but there's more big ones and more people at least proclaiming their desire to be larger or to grow aggressively or people who have money who are into it. So from the standpoint of larger, more visible competitors, there certainly is a change and that there's more of them and they're more vocal about what their aspirations are and how they're participating. What we've analyzed around that, though, is we really do believe that there's been a pretty positive trend towards third-party logistics, the acceptance of it and the fact that our model has a much greater portion of the marketplace that it applies to today. So as third-party models and managing truckload capacity has evolved in the marketplace, how that greater market share and greater opportunity balances out with all of the additional providers who are operating under that method, it gets hard to tell day-to-day, month-to-month. But it still feels to us like there's plenty of opportunities to grow for the foreseeable future.
Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. I mean, I guess, the fear is that you guys were the original hedge fund in an inefficient market and now you guys you have a lot of other guys coming in, making this market much more efficient. And now it's harder to dig out the opportunities. But time will tell, I guess, on that.
John P. Wiehoff: Yes and I -- that's certainly a valid theory and time will tell as to whether that is the case or not. It feels like if that is the case that based upon the size of the market and how we see things, that, that impact is going to be a more gradual one. I think sometimes when we see a net revenue compression in a quarter and we know that it's almost entirely driven by fuel price fluctuations and changes in rates that there's a temptation to attribute a quarter-over-quarter variance to a change in the competitive landscape, where, by our judgment, while that's certainly a valid component that we're paying a lot of attention to that, that started, frankly, 15 years ago. When we went public, there was a lot of other companies who were getting into it and trying to compete and there are many new ones today as well, too. So we see that as a very relevant factor but a much more longer-term gradual one that oftentimes gets inserted into the otherwise kind of quarter-to-quarter fluctuations that some of the other things cause.
Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. A little bit more I guess, eclectic OJ recalls, are those going to hurt sourcing in Q1?
John P. Wiehoff: No, they won't. We really only deal with the fresh produce. We do occasionally get involved with recalls, where there can be some, but not in processed foods or processed juice.
Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And last one for Chad, interest income, a bit higher here this quarter. Just curious what was impacting that and the tax rate for next year.
Chad M. Lindbloom: We don't see any major changes in the tax rate, the 38%, 38.5% range for next year. The interest income, actually was some investment income. Prior to being public, we had put some money into a -- so we're talking in the early to mid-90s, we've put some money into a privately held company as a minority shareholder. We own something like 2% of the company. We had written that investment off long ago but that company actually sold a portion of their business and we generated cash income from it. So that was about $1.1 million or $1.2 million of that investment and other income. So we're still not making much money on our excess cash.
Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And so that's one-time. Is there any residual that gets paid out in '12 that we should be thinking about?
Chad M. Lindbloom: There is some, but it's -- we're not counting on it until we have it. But yes, we are due more payments for that as well in '12.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Wadewitz with JP Morgan.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, I have -- let's see, 2 questions for you. So that when you're looking at the long-term growth and, John, kind of the outlook that your opportunity is similar that it's been the last 10, 15 years, one of the things that stands out to me is that your earnings growth has been -- and operating income as well, has been boosted by your margin expansion. That's been very impressive from kind of 28% operating income as a percent of net revenue up to 42%. So is there -- can you give us some thoughts on how much further that can progress? And is it realistic to think that that's less of a driver of growth the next 10 years than it was the last 10, which means I guess, you have to make it up somewhere else?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Yes, so for starters, we feel very good about the sustainability of the progress that we've made, and that mid-to high-40s is probably achievable over a period of time that we can continue to leverage our network and gain some further productivity enhancements. A lot of that is driven by some of the systems investments and fee-based things that we're doing that are a different business model, where you would start to recognize that. And some of it is investments in Europe and Asia and other places where we're just getting to more normal levels of profitability. So we would acknowledge that, going from 28% to 42%, that's probably -- you're probably not going to see 14 percentage points of improvement over the next 15 years but we feel very good about the sustainability of where we've gotten to and that there is room for some further improvement over the next 10 or 20 years.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: But you -- to be clear, you think mid-to high-40% is -- you can get towards that area given some time?
John P. Wiehoff: Yes.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then the second one, in terms of your market, there's been a lot of discussion about kind of truckload capacity. What about the idea that intermodal is taking more of the growth in freight and if truck capacity is somewhat constrained going forward for a variety of reasons then just simply more of the freight growth goes to intermodal. And if that's the case, does that imply that you perhaps need a new solution there? I'm thinking of an acquisition. It could be a more aggressive organic push. But what are your thoughts on strategically, whether intermodal is becoming a more important potentially driver of growth for you?
John P. Wiehoff: We do think intermodal is more important, and it's a very lane-specific thing. We have been making investments and we will continue to look at what we need to do to stay competitive and make sure that we participate in the growth of that secular trend because we do think it's real. But we always do remind people that if you look at intermodal and the size of the containerized intermodal freight relative to the size of the truckload market today, it's still a relatively small market compared to the entire over-the-road industry today. So the way we think about it is that there are some long-haul West Coast to Chicago and some East Coast lanes where the rails have made very good investments and they're doing a very good job of taking some freight off the highway and we are participating in that. And that could be impacting, especially some of the full truckload, longer-haul lanes that would have less growth for a period of time around it. Our general view is that we want to be a better service provider and equal pricing and capability in all the different transportation services and then do a better job, like one of the specific things that I would say is, we have a point of pride around doing truck versus rail mode selection and helping customers that have seasonal freight or freight that needs to go back and forth between the 2 modes. And if we have competitive pricing and access to both modes of transportation and better systems for helping our customers understand what the right choices are in the marketplace that we can participate in the overall economic growth. So we'll continue to look at it and we're committed to making whatever types of investments we need to stay relevant in that and we do think it's growing in importance.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Do you consider acquisitions in that or not?
John P. Wiehoff: Yes, we have. Yes.
Angela K. Freeman: Unfortunately, we're out of time so that will have to be our last question today. We apologize we couldn't get to everybody. Thank you for participating in our fourth quarter 2011 conference call. This call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the C.H. Robinson website at chrobinson.com. It will also be available by dialing (800) 406-7325 and entering the passcode 4504485 #. The replay will be available at approximately 7 p.m. Eastern Time today. The slides are posted in the Presentations section of our investor website. If you have additional questions, please contact me, Angie Freeman, at (952) 937-7847. Thank you.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: John P. Wiehoff - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Angela K. Freeman - Vice President of Investor Relations and Public Affairs Chad M. Lindbloom - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Anthony P. Gallo - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Jack Waldo - Stephens Inc., Research Division Matthew Troy - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Alexander V. Brand - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division H. Peter Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Robert H. Salmon - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Third Quarter 2011 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Tuesday, October 25, 2011. I would now like to turn the conference over to Angie Freeman, C.H. Robinson Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Freeman.
Angela K. Freeman: Thank you. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, CEO; and Chad Lindbloom, CFO. John and Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our third quarter performance, and we will follow that with a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call. The slides can be accessed through the webcast player in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is located at chrobinson.com. John and Chad will be referring to the slides in their prepared comments. The slides are a more visual representation of the information that is in our earnings release to facilitate our discussion today. Finally, I would like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. With that, I'll turn it over to John.
John P. Wiehoff: Thank you, Angie. So the prepared comments on the presentation deck that I'll be referencing the page numbers of, starting with Page 3, our consolidated financial results for the third quarter. That page highlights some the key metrics that we look at in terms of evaluating our overall results. Our total net revenues for the third quarter of 2011 grew 10.6%. Our income from operations also grew 10.6%, and our earnings per share were $0.70, a 12.9% increase from the third quarter of last year. Moving then to Page 4 and looking at our total transportation results for the quarter, these transportation results include all of our modes and services in the transportation category, and they, together, had net revenue growth of 11.3% for the third quarter of 2011. Our net revenue margin for the third quarter of 2011 was 16.4%, which compares to 16.6% from last year. If you look at the bottom of Page 4 and the graph that we've put together there, on past calls, we've spent a fair amount of time talking about the different aspects of our transportation margin percentages. I know that it's one of the more challenging aspects of our business to try to understand for us and everyone else to predict, because there are a lot of different factors that affect those margin percentages. After this page, we have some prepared comments on the more specific transportation services that we have, but I wanted to spend just a few minutes talking about these overall transportation margin percentages because I think it's very useful to understand the last several years and understand the variances in these margin percentages as a good foundation for the next couple of slides. In the past, we've discussed the many factors that impact these transportation margin percentages and cause them to vary. And I would encourage everybody who's trying to understand our business to study this history a little bit, if that something that you haven't done previously. In the list of reasons why these margins fluctuate or why they change, some of the more significant ones are the timing and the variances of our price adjustments. Given our third-party business model, we're buying and selling services from tens of thousands of different customers and providers, and while we generally adjust with the market on both sides, there are differences in timing with our contractual pricing and how we purchase various modes and services of transportation. So timings in a supply and demand relationship and timing in the variances of those pricings can make a difference. Fuel price changes can have a significant impact. Again, across the different services, it varies a little bit. But the price of fuel has a meaningful impact on these margin percentages. The mix of services, especially over time from quarter-to-quarter. That's not always real material, but over a long period of time, the mix with the services that we're offering in the marketplace can have an impact. There is seasonality when you study it. From the fourth quarter to the first quarter, there's generally some pretty meaningful movement. And then there's the longer term secular things around competition and the network effects of our business around scale and the other things that we're doing. When you put those all together, it's really hard to quantify many of the impacts or understand exactly what's going to happen. But I think it's instructive to sort of think about all the reasons and look at the trends as we talk about our third quarter and going forward from here. One of the things that I have referenced quite a bit over the last couple of years, if you look at that margin percentage history and you go back to the fourth quarter of 2008 when the financial crisis hit and the freight recession really started to take root. If you look at that 19% transportation margin in the fourth quarter of 2008 and the first 3 quarters of 2009, what you see is the highest percentages by quarter on this entire 10-year graph of our transportation margins. So the fourth quarter of 2008, first 3 quarters of 2009, we had volume declines and/or some of the lower volume growth numbers that we've had throughout this 10-year history. But we also had that correlating higher margin percentage during that period of time. If you move forward along that chart then to the fourth quarter of '09 into the first 3 quarters of 2010, what you saw was relatively meaningful volume growth across all of our modes and services as we compared to that first 4 quarters of difficult volume growth but margin expansion. We've now cycled kind of through the 3 years since the significant recession, and freight volume activity started to occur. So for the last 4 quarters, we've been comparing against the little bit more difficult volume growth, and you're seeing more static margin comparisons, especially as our year wears on. During the third quarter of 2011, that 16.4% margin did decline during the quarter. The margin, the transportation margin percentage for the month of September was 16.0%. So while it's difficult and we still don't have great visibility to what the fourth quarter of 2011 will look like, it is possible that when you look at 2010 fourth quarter versus 2011, that 17.6% for last year, at least we're starting out, and we'll get into some of the other modes and services around that, being a little bit of a difficult comparison for us in the fourth quarter of 2011. Moving on then to the specific modes and services within Transportation on Page 5 of the presentation slides. We talk about our truck results, which includes both our truckload and less-than-truckload net revenues. Combined, they grew 13.1% for the quarter. That is made up of both volume and pricing changes of -- what you see on the truckload piece of 4%. It's probably good to remind you that our business, we believe, is unique compared to the rest of the transportation industry when we look at a pricing number like that. That is our best estimate of cleaning up and condensing down to a comparable price adjustment, exclusive of fuel. Because our business is very spread out and has less density in specific lanes than maybe a lot of the asset-based providers that are out there, this truly becomes kind of a blended average of our whole network of activity. But there can be probably a little bit greater mix comparison from year-to-year, but nonetheless, that's the scrubbed estimate of cost per mile price increase that we were able to get from our customers during the third quarter of 2011. When you look at the truckload market conditions, one of the terms that we've used and have heard in the industry that we would support is that throughout 2011, the truckload market has been relatively balanced from a supply and demand standpoint. There's a number of metrics that we can look at around route guide compliance and route guide depth and how freight is sort of moving relative to what was planned at the beginning of the year. And most of those metrics would suggest what a lot of people in the industry are saying, and that we've seen a fairly balanced market in terms of a supply and demand relationship. When you look at the start of 2011, what we and most people were talking about were concerns and expectations around a very tight truckload market, which was leading to price increases and a lot of bid activity trying to secure capacity for the year with all of the concerns around capacity constraints and the limited ability of the supply-side to adjust in a short period of time, if in fact we had had that tight market. As 2011 has progressed, and it's been a more balanced market rather than a tight truckload market, what's happened is, from our standpoint, at least, is that while we've had good price increases and good net revenue margins for the year, as the year has worn on, you can see our current quarter, those price increases have tapered down a little bit relative to the year-to-date price increases. And our net revenue margins have begun to compress a little bit, just like I laid out on the previous page with regards to comparisons over the previous year. So as we go through the different transportation cycles, we've talked a lot in the past how our volume and margin activity tends to correlate inversely. And we do see that happening on the truckload services again during [Audio Gap] There is a comment down on the bottom of this page with regards to our truckload results that within the quarter, the truckload volume was consistent. So that 4% volume growth in our truckload services was pretty consistent month-by-month across the third quarter. But our net revenue margin decreased as the quarter declined, I guess, as the quarter progressed. So that was again hopefully set up on the page before with the discussion around looking at our margin comparisons and how they progressed during the quarter. We have seen a slight increase in our truckload volume activity into the month of October, so we wanted to share that with you. We're always a little bit nervous about these preliminary numbers because they can move around quite a bit as the month progresses. But through yesterday, we were incurring about a 6.5% volume increase in North American truckload growth per day. So those are the comments that we wanted to share within the truckload piece of it. Within the less-than-truckload services, our comments are fairly consistent with the previous periods, and that the industry continues recover from some of the losses that were incurred, pretty much by everybody for a period of time, and price increases and more discipline have led to improvement across the industry. We continue to focus on our sales and execution, the automation of our process and leveraging our value add to both the providers and the customers, and we've continued to share in some of those price increases, but also had good volume increase just by doing what we believe is bringing value-added services to the equation on how the LTL freight is executed in the marketplace. So moving on to intermodal then. For our intermodal results for the third quarter, we had net revenue growth of 14.7%. First quarter this year -- for the first time this year, we had both volume and price growth that drove that 14.7% net revenue. We continue to have success in selling intermodal as a service in the marketplace. We like to believe that we specialize in mode conversion and offering intermodal services that combine with truckload services where appropriate. And we continue to focus on improving those processes around how we execute, how we route, how do we utilize equipment, with some investments or commitments on our part to make certain that we have efficient price access to all of the railroads that are out there. So we're taking delivery of the 500 boxes that we ordered, that we talked about in the past. About 1/2 of those or a little less than 1/2 are in-service today, and the rest are coming. And we continue to feel good about our growth in the marketplace and how we're balancing the third-party model and pooled equipment with some limited amounts of our dedicated equipment to make sure that we have the right kind of access in the marketplace. Moving on to the ocean and air results. Our international ocean net revenues for the quarter were up 4.8%. Our air net revenues were down 13.2%. Our view into this marketplace is that there's relatively soft industry demand for most of the services. We saw volume declines with our existing customers, or most of them, in both of these modes and services. We continue to sell aggressively on the ocean side and did have some volume increase in our TEUs during the quarter. But for the most part, we continue to stay focused on our systems investment and trying to improve our processes and our network around the world so that we can integrate international air and ocean services in with our customers and take advantage of the growth opportunities when the marketplace gives them to us. Moving to other logistic services, Page 8 on the presentation slides that we've had out there. This represents our miscellaneous category. It includes a number of different things. It's been relatively flat for the year as it was for the third quarter. Within there, there is a mixture of things. About 1/2 of these net revenues are presented by transportation management fees. There's been a longer-term trend, which is consistent during the current year and the current quarter, that those management fees have continued to grow. And we would expect them to continue to grow longer-term as a trend. During the current year and the current quarter, there are some declines in some of the other fees, particularly in warehouse services that have resulted in a net flat activity for the year. But we do expect that the management fee portion of this will continue to be an important part of our growth story and continue to grow long term. We've talked about this in the past, and it's probably worth reiterating that while this is a meaningful source of revenue for us from a transportation management fee standpoint, it's probably even more significant than the absolute amount of fees because most of the customers that we earn those management fees from, we also have a freight relationship where we're combining analytical or fee-based services with significant freight relationships. And when we talk about how our business is evolving to more integrated services, particularly with larger customers, the growth of these management piece[ph] is an important part of that combined relationship. Moving to the sourcing results for the quarter on Page 9. So sourcing services was 3.7% for the quarter. For the last couple of quarters, we've been cautioning about the potential for net revenue declines due to the loss of business or committed business from one of our larger customers. We did lose that business during the quarter, and there really is nothing new around the update of that relationship. What happened in the third quarter is we were successful in growth with services to other customers, as well as some seasonal commodity growth that helped us have a successful third quarter, a little bit better than we were anticipating at the beginning of it. One of the seasonal successes and categories that we did well in, in the third quarter is the melon business. And near the end of the quarter, one of the companies that we've been working more closely with, we were successful in completing an acquisition of it. The size and revenues of the company are not real material, but the melon category represents something strategic for us. And we have hopes to continue to work with this company and expand our presence in that component of the sourcing services to help with our growth in the future. So we do expect that, for the next couple of quarters, there remains risk of declining net revenue, knowing that we have some committed business that was lost over the last year or so that will still have to cycle its way through. We'll continue to do what we can to generate new business and sell. But because some of the new business is less committed and/or seasonal, it's not really certain what will -- what our growth forecast looks like for the next couple of quarters until we cycle through that business transition. The last service category before I turn it over to Chad. Our payment services represents our subsidiary T-Chek. And the comments there, I think, are similar to previous quarters, where there are really 2 things driving the 10% net revenue growth for the quarter, the first one being primarily pricing adjustments around the fuel payment services that we do and the impact that those have on the quarter. And the second is that while we work to expand the menu of services around our payment offerings, one of the more important ones is the MasterCard compatibility of the payment cards of what we do. And we've continue to see pretty significant volume growth in those MasterCard services that is contributing to the net revenue growth in that service category for us. So those are prepared comments along the service line activity. I'll turn it over to Chad for some more prepared comments, and then we'll move to the Q&A.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Thanks, John. As Page 11 shows and John mentioned earlier, our total net revenues increased 10.6%. Our total operating expenses grew at the same rate, resulting in income from operations increase of 10.6%. One thing that occurred during the quarter is our personnel expenses grew slightly slower than our net revenues, which is different than the first half of the year. Our personnel expenses for the quarter decreased to 42.1% of net revenues compared to the third quarter of 2010, which was 42.3% of net revenues. This decrease was primarily the result of various incentive programs, including restricted stock and certain bonuses that are driven by earnings growth. In the third quarter of 2011, our earnings grew slower than in the first half of the year, which led to sequential decreases in some of these expenses. Last year, the third quarter earnings growth accelerated compared to the first half of 2010, which led to sequential increases in those expenses. These fluctuations are consistent with how the incentive compensation plans are designed to work. Our stock-based compensation expense for this quarter was $9.5 million compared to $10.2 million in the third quarter of 2010. As a reminder, the restricted stock expense or the stock-based compensation expense for the fourth quarter of 2010 was $14.5 million, as our earnings growth continued to accelerate throughout 2010. Total net revenues through the first -- moving on to October highlights, similar to John giving the truckload volume growth, we're going to give total net revenue growth through October 24. The total net revenue growth through that period was approximately 6%. Like John mentioned about the truck volume growth, it is possible that these first few weeks may not be a good indication of how the fourth quarter as a whole turns out. Moving on to Slide 12. Our balance sheet remains strong with cash and investments of $383 million. We had a very good cash flow quarter driven by our earnings, as well as prudent capital -- or working capital management with cash flow from operations of $215 million. Our net CapEx for the quarter, including the software that we are developing to make our business grow faster and be more efficient, was $9.3 million. In addition to these types of normal ongoing CapEx, we will have some notable other capital expenditures in the fourth quarter of 2011. There will be $7.5 million of CapEx for the 500 intermodal containers that we've discussed last quarter as well as this quarter. We are also purchasing a new phone system that will be a consolidated system for all of our U.S. branches. The current total expected CapEx for this project is $6 million, with approximately $4.5 million of that $6 million occurring in the fourth quarter of 2011. The balance will be spread between 2012 and 2013 as we complete the rollout. In addition, we are purchasing a new corporate aircraft for approximately $11.5 million. $1.25 million of that was paid in the third quarter, and the balance will be paid in the fourth quarter. We have entered into an agreement to trade in our existing plane for $4 million. Therefore, our net CapEx offsetting these trade-in proceeds will be about $7.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. Moving on to the share repurchases. We have discussed in the past our strategy of using share repurchases as a variable way to return excess cash to our shareholders. During the third quarter of 2011, we've purchased 1,408,314 shares at an average price of $68.88. That concludes our prepared remarks, and we will now turn it over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Christian Wetherbee with Citi.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: When you think about the pricing dynamic, you gave an update on where truck volumes were running for the month of October. How should we think about pricing? And I guess, maybe layering that into the margin side, I know it's difficult to get a sense. But does that imply kind of -- or can we imply a sequential improvement in transport margins as we go forward? Or is it a little bit difficult to tell that?
John P. Wiehoff: I think it's very difficult to tell. If you look at that history and kind of study it a little bit, absent kind of year end, the first quarter or something significant happening, the margins don't generally move sequentially more than 1% or so. And we know that we're starting to quarter kind of towards the lower end of the range in that box there. So it's very difficult to predict even at this point what the fourth quarter might end up like. I would say, from an overall pricing standpoint, the next couple of quarters are probably going to be pretty interesting, because as I mentioned in the prepared comments, most of the transportation businesses or relationships started out the year with price increases relative to the year before. And it'll be interesting to see how this balanced market situation translates into bid activity or lack thereof or what collectively the shippers, how they approach the marketplace over the next quarter or 2 and what type of pricing activity occurs.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So you think there could be some potential fluctuations in advance of what would be the traditional bid season the beginning of next year?
John P. Wiehoff: Yes, yes.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then I guess a follow up on the sourcing side. Is it possible to get a sense of what the net revenue growth looked like kind of x some of the other activity you had going on there? You mentioned losing some from existing customers. I'm trying to get a sense of maybe what the run rate could look like as we move forward.
John P. Wiehoff: It's really hard to do that right now. We've been trying to share as much as we know, but even with the lost business with that same customers, we're earning back some more seasonal programs, and it gets very difficult to predict. The reason why we've been more cautionary about it is because we had some of that dedicated business that we know is not going to reoccur. So we feel like we're starting out in a little bit of a hole from a comparison standpoint, at least for the next couple of quarters. But it's difficult. We still feel like our long term growth rate is mid-single digits in terms of market opportunity. But we've got a couple more quarters to cycle through, the comparisons of the lost business before we'll feel like it's a more normal growth environment.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And that comparison lasts for another 2 quarters or so? I know it's been kind of an evolution over the course of last year or so.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Probably more like 3 quarters, because we did have some of the business last -- we were losing some of the business during last quarter, so we did have some net revenues from the last quarter.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, our next question is from the line of Matt Troy with Susquehanna Bank.
Matthew Troy - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I'll keep to the one question here. Was wondering on your international businesses, specifically intermodal to the extent that it is international. Ocean and Air, can you talk about just customer diversification? I know you've been concentrated in those businesses, at least one of those business in the past. Have we've gotten past the point where one customer product launch can make or break a quarter there? And do you see the opportunity -- I know you're very conservative on acquisitions, but to grow that business more quickly now that you're on a common system organically versus acquiring something out in the market?
John P. Wiehoff: Our business mix in the international air and ocean is quite a bit different than the intermodal. The intermodal activity that we're involved with is much more integrated to our domestic truck, with food and beverage and a lot of the other categories that we've talked about historically there. On our international forwarding business, we still are relatively concentrated there. Our top 20 customers make up a much higher percentage of our business than it would in the rest of it. So our existing freight volumes with those current customers drive our results a lot more than they would in the other modes and services. So we're still a little bit smaller. We don't have the scale, we are a little bit more concentrated from a customer standpoint, but we are working hard to diversify that, to sell and to -- we do have some nice growth in some of the other industry verticals, whether it's garments or some of the other things that we don't have a stronger presence in. But we're growing fastly, and we do feel good about where we're at from a systems investment and strengthening our platform so that we can hopefully both grow more aggressive -- organically, as well as resume looking for acquisitions to integrate into. So we do have long-term growth expectations of accelerating there for those reasons.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Alex Brand with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Alexander V. Brand - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: On the air freight business, I don't think you said anything about this, John, but it seems like capacities loose, demand's weak. So I wasn't sure why your gross margins wouldn't be getting squeezed there.
John P. Wiehoff: The primary reason for that is because a lot of the air freight activity involves consolidation activity. And because we don't have tremendous density in a lot of the lanes, when volumes drop, we can lose some of those consolidation dynamics a little bit quicker than maybe a bigger network would. So it probably is more reflective of the immaturity of our network and some of the consolidation economics around our current size.
Alexander V. Brand - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that makes sense. And what about -- from a regional perspective, is there any difference in the volume trends by region? Anything of note?
John P. Wiehoff: No. I think we shared throughout the year that while the overall market is balanced throughout 2011, there have been sort of flare-ups here and there where at times in the Southeast, it was a little bit tighter. We felt like, in general, the freight off of the West Coast and the West Coast areas at times has been softer or maybe a little bit more supply than demand, and that's probably tied into some of the weakness in the international stuff. So those are probably the only 2 regional themes that have come out at all throughout it. But in aggregate, it still would kind of come together in what we would say a pretty balanced feel.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Ken Hoexter with Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: John, maybe you can just talk a little bit about -- you're pretty specific on your forecast, and I haven't heard you talk that specific on looking at the difficult comps and the net revenue margins. So just wondering what drives that tightness in the fourth quarter relative to last year when there was a tighter peak, I guess, earlier? And I guess, a little bit of looser as it got later. Why then -- you saw some strong margins. Is that what's causing the tougher comps? Or just wondering why you were so specific on looking at that fourth quarter? I haven't heard you talk about a forecast like that before.
John P. Wiehoff: Yes, well, for starters, we were careful not to make a forecast. We were just trying to update exactly what we've seen through to date and clarify that things can actually change and probably will change fairly quickly over the next couple of months. But what we're really trying to convey is everything that we note to date, which is that historically, these market cycle and our volumes and our margins correlate inversely, but they don't happen perfectly. It's not like exactly at the end of a quarter, you see the light switch change around these. And the trend that we've been seeing throughout the year is that margin comparisons are getting more difficult and that net revenue margin growth is going away. And our volume comparisons have been fairly challenging, but now that's starting to fade, where volume growth in the fourth quarter of last year was less. So hopefully, if the business works the way it has in the past, in future periods, we'd see greater volume growth and more consistent margin comparisons. Now every cycle's a new one, and I don't know exactly what will happen. But we felt it relevant for you to understand that others have talked about market improvement, and we are seeing some modest volume growth coming into the quarter. But we don't know what margin comparisons are going to be like, and so we were just sharing all the perspectives that we had up until today.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great, appreciate the clarity on that. And my follow up would be on the IT. It looks like your extending credit. You talked about the MasterCard business. Is that you moving beyond fuel? Is that maybe becoming more of a financing entity then in terms of extending the credit? Can you just delve into that a little bit?
John P. Wiehoff: Yes. So there are -- it's basically the history of the business, with the fuel cards, is that we were doing almost entirely fuel services. But throughout that, there always were cash advances or other payment mechanisms working principally with drivers that we could facilitate that. Over the past several years, like many in the industry, we've made those fuel cards MasterCard-compatible, or we have MasterCard-processing capabilities for those same people. And we started to sell MasterCard services to other components of shippers and other parts in the business that are just trying to better capture cost and understand their processing fees. So it's a combination of some expansion within the transport relationships that we have, expansion to shippers and some offering of MasterCard services to others, which would be more of a financial services type stand-alone.
Chad M. Lindbloom: They're more of the financial -- more similar to other financial services companies, the services, but we are not -- our MasterCards do not give revolving credit. Our average billing cycle is less than 2 weeks, and the payments are due upon receipt of the bill. So we're not running typical consumer-type MasterCard where you can carry a balance and collect interest and things like that. It's all about commercial MasterCard business where it has to do with efficient ways for people to pay their accounts payable. It's not a financing vehicle at all. We're not using our balance sheet to lend money to other businesses.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Yes, and I guess you can see that with the AR staying relatively in line.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Right.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I wanted to talk -- just my first question is when we think about some of the low inventory or lower inventory levels at a lot of your shippers where customers are holding that certainly, emergency shipping first goes air freight. But could you kind of walk us through the dynamics that you saw, like towards the end of 2009 as a lot of the retailers and even some of the consumer companies kind of had to restock a lot of inventory towards the end of the year, how your dynamics kind of worked out there?
John P. Wiehoff: Well, what I tried to describe before is that fourth quarter of '08 and the early part of '09. We and the industry had some volume declines that we really hadn't seen for a couple of decades. And that was really the period of time where almost every shipper that we were working with was going through some phase of scrambling for liquidity. And as you suggest, really managing inventories down and what was probably lack of sales and recession, but also just the managing for liquidity and really trying to squeeze their supply chain and inventory levels really in unprecedented ways during that period of time. As the end of 2009 and 2010 came along, the very common theme with a lot of our customer relationships is that they wanted to resume growth and look for continued productivity and cost savings in their supply chain, but try to keep their inventories low like they had achieved during that liquidity period. So really, through the end of '09, and I would say up until even including today, there has been as much intensity as ever around trying to manage inventory low and turn it quicker. And simultaneously, match that up with productivity and savings and efficiencies in the supply chain. When I talked about those value-added services and a lot of the things that we're doing to try to work with shippers in more integrated ways, oftentimes, it's really just process improvement and automating and accelerating tendering times and accelerating routing periods and trying to really work with customers to make sure that we can assist as best as possible in turning that inventory as quick as possible and keeping it low. So the end of '09, we saw good volume increases and the resumption of some level of growth. But it's really been for the last 1.5 years now where, in addition to that, what we have felt is a lot of receptiveness to the notion of what we call outsourced solutions or freight relationships where there's a more integrated partnership to try to help drive improvements around broader freight management and inventory turns that can really help a shipper get those goals.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And is that a lot with your existing larger customers, John? Or is that opportunities where you see new, smaller, medium-sized companies come in and looking to partner up to be able to get those solutions rather than sourcing it directly themselves?
John P. Wiehoff: It's with -- that trend is with companies of all sizes, but generally, more existing customers. We don't typically go from no relationship to an integrated relationship. It's usually at least a few years, or in many cases, much longer than that where we're earning credibility and relationship and learning their business through providing transportation services and through a growing relationship and eventually, automating and integrating more, that we'll convert it into a more dedicated or outsourced our integrated things. So it's existing customers of all sizes, many of them -- many of the larger customers. It'll tend to be a division or a part of the company that we would begin to work with them in a more integrated way.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Anthony Gallo with Wells Fargo.
Anthony P. Gallo - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I'll just stay focused on intermodal for a moment. We've heard that Union Pacific's mutual commitment program has been somewhat problematic for the smaller IMCs. And I'm wondering if you have seen that or experienced it? And if you don't want to speak specifically to them, could you just talk more broadly about capacity access?
John P. Wiehoff: Well, there's really only 2 providers in the west, the UP the BNSF. And if you want to offer intermodal services nationally like we do, a lot of our message has been that we're working very hard to have the best relationship we can with both of them because that's the best way to give your customer all of the choices that you have out there. So we've had a lot of transition in both relationships because they've both assessed their equipment management and are changing the pricing programs and probably lots of things in the rail industry that you understand, as well as we do, around how they're trying to optimize and manage their equipment. The BNSF has been more consistent around preferences towards owned equipment to give better line haul pricing, which is something they've had for a while. And our trend towards more dedicated equipment is to align with that and make sure that we have efficient pricing and access to their services. The UP has changed directions. A lot of it was wrapped up in the PACER relationship and all of the changes that have gone with that. And the pricing programs that they have brought to the marketplace have evolved quite a bit over the last 2 or 3 years, and we participate with them and have a good relationship in terms of growing our services there as well.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Justin Yagerman with Deutsche Bank.
Robert H. Salmon - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: It's Rob on for Justin. I guess, is I'm looking at the productivity, we saw it come off a little bit from very high levels in Q3, down about $450 on a net revenue per average employee basis. Could you talk a little bit about the drivers that we saw in terms of the deceleration or the actual decline in terms of employee productivity? Was that more from the headcount additions that we saw cycling through into the numbers? Or was it deceleration in overall volume growth in your TL segment? And how should we think about employee productivity looking forward?
Chad M. Lindbloom: One thing we've been talking about consistently all year is that we were at peak productivity levels, and we need, if we are going to continue to grow -- or as we continue to grow, we're going to need to add people to balance that. Now obviously, we're never perfect at that, so there's different things driving that impact, which is yes, we did add more people than we did have volume growth. Our net revenue margins have been fluctuating, especially compared to last year downwardly, which means we're making each of those people -- it takes more work to make -- more amount of gross volumes to make the same amount of money. So yes, our net revenue per person's slight decrease is driven by the fact that we have more people. But we think adding those people is the right thing for the long term to continue to grow the business, and there is going to be fluctuations. Some parts are going to look better and some parts are going to look worse. But we always feel good about how we've been adding headcount in the productivity of the business model, continuing to keep costs relatively flexible.
Robert H. Salmon - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That makes a lot of sense. It also relates to your overall business model where we see fluctuating gross profit margins overall in the transportation segment. I guess, shifting gears to the small acquisition that you guys announced, could you give us a little bit of color in terms of Timco's overall gross revenue and net revenue split on an annualized basis to the extent you're willing to comment? And could you also give us a sense of C.H. Robinson, how hard you've been moving much of Timco's logistics through your network currently?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Yes. We were -- I don't know if we're either a exclusive transportation provider, but we were definitely a significant transportation provider to Timco already. So we won't really see a huge pickup in freight volume because of Timco, because we were already handling a lot of it. The one unique thing about Timco's business model is it's in a -- it's what's called an account of sale business, so the gross revenues don't show up. We are -- for the bulk of the business, we're representing growers and collecting a commission. So it's only the net revenue of Timco that shows up. As far as the relative size, I don't have that in front of me, but I think it's a very small number. As John mentioned, it's not significant to us right now from a financial perspective, but it's an important ongoing strategy of us trying to control more product versus just sourcing products that the customers are looking for, to be looked at more like a shipper even though we're still not growing a product and we still don't have the harvest risk. But it makes us look more like a supplier rather than a broker to customers.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Ed Wolfe with Wolfe Trahan & Co.
Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: When you look at that 4% pricing, John, what's the direction of spot and contractual rates that make that up? Which one's higher than the other right now, and how has that been trending for you?
John P. Wiehoff: One of the things that we've talked about in the past and throughout the year is that the transactional freight, the true transactional freight, occurs when there's route guide failure or service failures or unpredicted amounts of seasonal or excess freight. And because of the fact that the market's been fairly balanced and fairly stable and was reasonably contracted out at the beginning of the year, one of the reasons why we believe our volume growth has been a little bit more modest this year is because there just hasn't been a lot of unplanned freight in the marketplace. It's been a fairly balanced market. And historically, we've said our best opportunities to help our customers and help our carrier partners and add value to the marketplace is during periods of transition when people need help and things are changing. So it's been a fairly stable, balanced year, and most of that pricing represents longer-term, annual, committed, contractual-type prices compared to a year ago.
Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: So of the 4%, contract pricing is a higher percent? Or it's just a bigger part of the mix?
John P. Wiehoff: A bigger part of the mix. And as I said earlier, Ed, remember that we're pretty spread out. There's a lot of different lanes and even within existing customer bases, we can switch lanes from year-to-year. And that 4% is truly just an aggregated percentage that comes out of it, and it's mostly pre-priced activity from the beginning of the year.
Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: So when's the next bite of the Apple to speak 4% move up in a significant way, if it's going to over the next year?
John P. Wiehoff: It kind of depends upon the market conditions. It really -- it depends upon when and if shippers go to bid. We've talked in the past about -- from our point of view, each shipper reserves the privilege of when and how to go to the marketplace and what percentage of their freight they might put out there. And they generally do that logically if they think that it's in their favor to do that. If the market tightens up in the rest of this year or early spring, that can cause transactional opportunities to look at more fluid pricing. So we need some market transition or stress to sort of really put in more meaningful price changes. Otherwise, it will probably just carry on in a more balanced mode.
Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. And just as a second question, a topic for Chad. If hypothetically you did 6% net revenue and EPS in the fourth quarter, would there be no stock-based compensation relative to that $10 million last year?
Chad M. Lindbloom: No. There still would be some stock-based compensation at 6% growth.
Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Roughly, what would that look like?
Chad M. Lindbloom: No, it's possible for it to be 0 in a quarter, but it's not likely. Not at 6% growth.
Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Roughly, what does it look like at 6%?
Chad M. Lindbloom: I haven't calculated it at 6%.
John P. Wiehoff: The challenge is that it's an annual calculation, so you'd have to get to the annual growth rate and then subtract the third quarter estimate and see what the difference would be. I don't have that in front of me.
Chad M. Lindbloom: No, neither do I. The data is available on the annual report if you want to go back and see what stocks available to vest. And the formula is published, so you could run whatever scenarios you wanted to.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Jack Waldo with Stephens.
Jack Waldo - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Yes, just a follow up on Ed's question real quick, and I missed this before, the fourth quarter stock-based compensation, what did you say it was, Chad?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Last year's fourth quarter was $14.5 million.
Jack Waldo - Stephens Inc., Research Division: $14.5 million. And I think I had about $9 million end of fourth quarter of '09. Does that sound about right?
Chad M. Lindbloom: It sounds about right. I can look really quickly.
Jack Waldo - Stephens Inc., Research Division: I'm sorry, maybe $4.1 million.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Stock-based compensation for the fourth quarter was $4.1 million in 2009.
Jack Waldo - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. So well, I guess I'll just do the math with that and we can compare notes.
Chad M. Lindbloom: I'll be honest, I did run a bunch of different scenarios to what would the restricted stock expense be.
Jack Waldo - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Yes. I guess my question is could it be closer to the $4 million than the $14 million?
Chad M. Lindbloom: It could be.
Jack Waldo - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then my last...
Chad M. Lindbloom: No, it definitely will be less than the $14 million.
Jack Waldo - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then my last 2 questions are kind of on the semantics line. The tax rate was a little bit lower than what we were expecting. Was there anything in the tax rate that made it lower than, I guess, kind of the 38% to 38.5% where you've been running?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Yes. We've always talked about being between 38% and 38.5% There is nothing significant that -- I realize the rate was a little bit below 38%. There was nothing significant to comment on. It's just normal fluctuations.
Jack Waldo - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then where did you end on your share count for the year -- or for the quarter, and what would be a good number to use for the fourth quarter, excluding any share buyback?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Somewhere around -- excluding any additional share buybacks, it probably be somewhere in the neighborhood of $164 million.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Bill Greene with Morgan Stanley.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Have you noticed any measurable impact on capacity in your system from CSA at this point?
John P. Wiehoff: Nothing that we could specifically attribute to CSA. There were conversations and anecdotes from a year ago, probably at least a full year ago, that in contemplation of it that some of the carriers were holding their drivers to higher standards or flushing a few out. But at the very small end of that where you have single truck carriers or whatever, there's always a decent degree of churn in some of ours. So if any of the smaller carriers left because of that, we wouldn't necessarily know that specifically. So there might be some impact in terms of drivers for larger carriers or smaller capacity going away, but nothing measurable from an overall standpoint attributable to CSA.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then as a second question, often exchanges are thrown out there as a threat to the Robinson model. My sense is technology is not there to a point where it could threaten anything close to your scale. But we do have sort of smartphones now where you could kind of put the ability of sort of trucker to sort of identify loads that are nearby. Is that something that you think you would want to look into in terms of moving in that direction, toward greater automation of load matching in the hands of sort of a carrier or a shipper? Or how do you think about that potentially?
John P. Wiehoff: The whole phone evolution is relevant. We already have a smartphone app that's out there being used by drivers. And if you look at our website, that's been there for the last 10-plus years. There's a lot of load finding and matching and search capabilities that have been on the Internet for almost a decade, back -- lingering from the whole dot-com thing, or where the Internet opened up a lot of this. Extending that to smartphones and making it more portable and making check calls and some of those other stuffs, we think is a little bit of an opportunity for us just because in the past, some of that real-time satellite track and trace stuff was very expensive and more challenging to integrate in with. So there's a little bit of an opportunity for us just in terms of those technology costs coming down and allowing us to integrate in more with all shapes and size of carriers with universal technology like a smartphone, rather than a very expensive dedicated GPS-type device. I suppose there's accompanying risk with that, that others can sort of replicate or do things cheaper as well and build kind of comparable networks. But that's where we believe our processes, our relationships, our scale and a lot of the other things that we believe are competitive advantages are far more relevant than just the underlying technology infrastructure.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes. That make sense. Is there a leap that could come from this on the productivity side?
John P. Wiehoff: We have a perpetual list of productivity initiatives, and all this is on there in terms of carrier automation particularly. But we've been working a lot on EDI and web interfaces and lots of other things that I would characterize it as one of the more recent items on that long-standing list of driving productivity, but probably not anything that's going to be a leap frog or revolutionary around it.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Jeff Kauffman with Sterne Agee.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Most of the tough questions have been asked here, so let me come back to the tax question, Chad, and let me ask if you wanted to see if there was like a ForEx impact as well. You said this was just random variance, 38% to 38.5% the true range. Does that mean fourth quarter you might be a little bit higher than normal to kind of true up the full year?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Well, there's no real true up. It is based on the income and the activity that happens throughout the year on a year-to-date basis, and then we back out whatever we've booked so far. So it's not that this calculation is more or less accurate than it was at end of the second quarter or will be at the end of the fourth quarter. Some of the specific things are where are we making money as far as -- in some quarters, we have losses in foreign countries where we can't take a tax benefit for it because we don't have any carryforwards available. And in some quarters, we're profitable in other -- in those same countries, which drives down the rate actually because -- when you have tax losses with no tax benefits. So there's small little fluctuations in effective state tax rate based on our portionment[ph] of where the income being a portion. So there's a lot of -- there's no big change, and there's a lot of little technical things that vary from quarter-to-quarter that drove the variance.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then as you're getting larger and doing a little bit more international markets, I know a number of other companies we follow have talked about a ForEx impact for the quarter. Was there any kind of foreign exchange impact to the current quarter?
Chad M. Lindbloom: There was nothing significant. Less than 1%.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Peter Nesvold with Jefferies & Company.
H. Peter Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: All of my questions have been answered, the only quick thing is it looked like the big benefit from cash flow from 2Q to 3Q is other operating elements. Is there anything you can elaborate to describe what drove that huge strength in cash flow in the quarter?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Yes, the biggest drivers, or the biggest 2 drivers of that line of the cash flow statement are our accounts receivable and our accounts payable. So the main driver of the -- there was still a use of cash, but the main driver of the big improvement is our accounts receivable days outstanding compared to the second quarter of 2011. So when you look at the quarterly impact, fell about 2 days of days of sales outstanding, where the accounts payable stayed relatively consistent. So having a 1- or 2-day shift in our accounts receivable can drive huge fluctuations in cash flow.
H. Peter Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Any reason why that reverses out next quarter?
Chad M. Lindbloom: I'm looking at a quarterly history going back to 2009, and it's ranged from, based on the way that we calculated our accounts receivable based on the quarter sales, it's ranged from 41 days to 44.7. So it's really a fluctuation around how well are we doing at that particular moment or at the particular day where the quarter ends at collecting the money. So it does fluctuate around 42 -- 42 days roughly is where we're at -- is a pretty -- was a pretty good ending point. So it's a little bit of -- last year's fourth quarter, we were at 41 days.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Thom Wadewitz, JPMorgan.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It looks like I snuck in under the wire here. Let's see. You talked about the volumes in truckload picking up a little bit in October. Do you have a sense of that? Is that share gain, or do you think that's just kind of the broader market activity picking up?
John P. Wiehoff: It's too early to tell that, Tom. When the quarter -- when month is over, quarter is over, we can at some customer activity and try to better understand how many we added and our account penetration with our larger customers. But we don't have any of that right now.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And earlier in the call, you referred to an environment where there's less transactional business. I think you said the market's in balance and so forth, and that's perhaps work against the pace of volume growth you've seen this year. Looking out the next couple of quarters or perhaps just generally, what do you think would need to take place or what may take place in order to drive a more favorable dynamic where you'd see stronger growth?
John P. Wiehoff: Historically, at least we're -- we will have a certain amount of volume growth just by selling and building our network, probably consistent with what we had this year. But historically, where we've had more significant growth is where a lot of shippers have had route guide disruption, which would mean they've had more freight than they expected, or they've had freight in lanes where they didn't expect it, or that price has moved significantly and they wanted to reassess their freight mid-year. So generally, there's a lot of inertia to a significant amount of the freight out there. And when you have a fairly static year, like we would characterize this year, we can still grow and do some good things. And we feel like we've had a successful year in terms of serving our customers and expanding our business. But the third party model and a lot of the value that we try to add gets accentuated when there is market tension and there's opportunities to participate in a different way too.
Angela K. Freeman: Well, we're out of time, so unfortunately, that'll have to be our last question. We're sorry we couldn't get to everybody today. Thank you for participating in our third quarter 2011 conference call. The slides are posted on our investor website and in addition, this call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the C.H. Robinson site at chrobinson.com. It's also available by dialing 1 (800) 406-7325 and entering the passcode 447-8446#. The replay will be available at about 7p.m. Eastern Time today. If you have additional questions, please feel free to call me, Angie Freeman, at 1 (952) 937-7847. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the C.H. Robinson Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. ACT would like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Angela Freeman - Vice President of Investor Relations and Public Affairs Chad Lindbloom - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President John Wiehoff - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: William Greene - Morgan Stanley Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG John Larkin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Christopher Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Matthew Troy - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Second Quarter 2011 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Tuesday, July 26, 2011. I will now like to turn the conference over to Angie Freeman, C.H. Robinson vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Freeman.
Angela Freeman: Thank you. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, CEO; and Chad Lindbloom, CFO. John and Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our second quarter performance, and we will follow that with the question-and-answer session. Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call today. The slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is located at chrobinson.com. John and Chad will be referring to the slides in their prepared comments. The slides do not contain any additional disclosures beyond what is in our earnings release. There are more visual representation of the information that is in the release to facilitate our discussion today.  Finally, I would like to remind you that any comments made by John, Chad or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations.  And with that, I'll turn it over to John
John Wiehoff: Thanks, Angie, and thanks to everybody who has taken time to listen to our call. As Angie said, the earnings release in the deck are similar, but we're going to be talking off of the deck and making references to that. We hope that this format is useful or helpful to better understanding some of the result comments that we make.  Starting on Page 3 with the overall financial results, just to highlight a few of the important metrics that we have laid out there. Net revenue growth in the quarter of 14.6% and income from operations of 15.1%: those are 2 of our key financial metrics that we look at a lot and target our long term 15% growth, as well as compare the growth rate of the 2 in looking at our overall business model that Chad will comment more on later. Our earnings per share on a diluted basis were $0.67, which is 13.6% up from last year.  So transitioning then to some prepared comments by our service lines starting with the consolidated or global transportation results for the quarter. If you look, we had 18.7% net revenue growth for our total transportation services. This -- these numbers would include all of the different service lines of truckload, LTL and other things that I'll make more specific comments on later, as well as our transportation results from Europe and Asia and all the different regions of the world that we do business in. As you know, most of -- a high percentage, more than half of the business is North American truckload, but there is quite a mixture of the results that roll up into this.  The common theme across all of those services that will come up many times in the comments is in the note below that the net revenue growth was driven primarily by increased pricing and margin expansion. We believe that's consistent with what others in the industry have experienced, and we -- it was consistent across all of our different service lines that roll up into the transportation results.  We've talked a lot the last couple of years about margins and margin variances. We did put in the bottom of Page 4 here the 10-year kind of quarterly statistics of the transportation margins. Again, those are not new, but we've just laid them out from a historical standpoint. And over the last couple of years, we've talked quite a bit about margin variances and all the reasons for that around supply and demand variances and pricing changes as well as fuel impacts and all different things that impact it.  One of the things that, hopefully, this graph displays for easy understanding is that if you look at that fourth quarter of 2008 and the first 3 quarters of 2009, when the core recession activity began, especially in the freight world, those were the quarters where we had margin percentages that were the highest for each of these quarters during that 10-year period of time. A lot of last year we were talking about difficult margin comparisons that you can see for 2010 comparing against those 2009 highs.  So for the first half of this year, we have had margin expansion from a total transportation standpoint in this quarter going from 15.8% to 16.2%. And that 16.2%, if you look sort of seasonally across the second quarter activities for the last 10 years, it's right about what an average percentage was during that period of time. Transitioning then to some of the more specific service lines, starting with truck, which again we, in our truck results, report truckload and LTL together. Similar theme around pricing and margin story. The volume and pricing activity and directional notions are laid out for you on this chart. The results in the second quarter were fairly consistent to the first quarter. And really, one of the common themes that was talked a lot about last year and is impacting us is the notion of capacity constraints and expectations of tight capacity markets driven by improving freight volumes and improving demand and a supply side that for a lot of reasons that have been well talked about with regulations and equipment and financing may be more reluctant to add capacity at a fast pace.  We have in the first half of this year continued to see some portions of the -- of our markets where the truckload activity was very tight and capacity was very difficult to source during the first half of the year. One of the comments, though, that we think is relevant is that we have seen more regional variances where at times about during the second quarter, the portions of the Southeast or Midwest may have been much tighter or more difficult to source capacity, where maybe the West Coast wasn't quite as difficult.  So one of the themes, in addition to pricing and margin improvement for the reasons that I've talked about, we do feel that there was a pretty high degree of uncertainty or choppiness in the volumes where a lot of our customers continue to have sporadic volumes and the results across the country were maybe a little bit more varied than they've been in some periods in the past.  One of the comments we made last quarter that was again true is given all the attention around tight capacity and marketplace conditions coming into the current year that we have been and were in the second quarter more focused on serving current customers and honoring the pricing and service commitments that we had in place. And so our growth during the second quarter with our current customers was greater than the new customer activity or the transactional business from new opportunities that we would find in the marketplace.  The LTL volume growth at 13% was a little bit better. There is some capacity corrections in the marketplace that are pretty well known and being talked about, but we continue to focus more on technology, process and service and have less issues or less impact from a capacity constraint standpoint in that mode, and we were able to grow volumes a little bit more significantly there.  Transitioning to the intermodal service results on Page 6 of the deck. We had 15.2% net revenue growth, same pricing and margin story that was true in all of transportation and in the truckload services. Some of the unique commentary around intermodal is that because of the distinct underlying providers, we can see more definitive regional shifts. And in this case, for this quarter, we did have pretty meaningful movement towards the eastern region of the country based upon service offerings and truck rail competitiveness of where we are competitive and where it made sense for us to do that with our customers.  The other topic that we've discussed and continues to be relevant is that we have in the past disclosed our commitments to some modest amounts of containers to help us with our pricing and dedicated equipment relationships for these services. We continue to believe that, that is working well for us and for our customers. And so during the current quarter, we did expand our commitments and ordered 500 more boxes that will be delivered probably some time towards the end of this year, hopefully or maybe early of the next year. But we continue to believe that for portions of our business, probably more focused on the western half of the country, that, that will be an effective way to help us grow our business. Moving to ocean and air results on Page 7. These are really reflective of our efforts to invest in the global forwarding business and build out our global network of international air and ocean services. We did have net revenue growth for both of the modes of ocean and air during the quarter. However, as you can see from the directional arrows, we did have volume declines in both modes for the quarter and for year-to-date.  We are very focused, as we've talked before, about investing in our technology and business processes for these services and feel very good about the progress we're making on that. We still hope to be on one common platform early next year some time that will continue to improve our profitability and ability to grow these service lines.  In the meantime though, as we've talked in the past, given our scale and current capabilities with that, when the industry conditions soften as we believe they did during the second quarter, we don't really have the scale to sell through and grow our business during weaker market periods like that. So similar to the other service lines, we had improved pricing and margin activity during the quarter with volume declines. Other logistic services. That line item includes some various things as laid out on the slide, with the primary things being management fees and customs brokerage revenues. But we're flat for the quarter in this net revenue. There are a lot of different things that roll up into that. Some of them are more project oriented or non-repeating. Within there, though, there is a recurring management fee income stream from transportation management programs that we feel very good about and have a pretty strong pipeline of opportunities that we're excited about chasing and continue to feel that this will be a higher growth item, line item or revenue source going forward.  In addition, many of these management fee programs are with customers that are connected to other core transportation revenues, where we integrate some fee-based or management services with transportation management. So while these revenues are flat for the quarter and not the most material service line item, in a lot of ways, there are some very good positive stuff that is very connected to our future growth that rolls into these line items. Transitioning to comment on the Sourcing results on Page 9, the big story here being what we've talked about for the last several quarters around our largest customer in that division, Walmart. We've talked in the past, as a reminder, it was maybe a year or so ago, where we disclosed that through a significant strategy change on their part around global procurement, that they were making some changes that were going to affect our dedicated program management with them. We were uncertain as they were about the timing and impact of some of that, but we knew that we were going to lose meaningful amounts of business from that change and have over the last couple of quarters.  What we learned this quarter is that, that program has essentially been completed, that we think we're through the majority of that transition. Particularly from a commercial standpoint, most of that transition activity is behind us. However, because of the fact that we still have several more quarters of comparisons, it is likely that we could experience net revenue declines in the next several quarters while our comparisons continue to cycle through.  We do continue to do business with Walmart, and we have other produce sourcing programs with them that are not on long-term programs but where we're selling them in a more traditional way. We continue to try to earn more business everyday and grow back in some of those relationships as well as growth on the transportation side of it. Outside of the Walmart business in the Sourcing category, the business was flat to down a little bit as well. There was some other seasonal choppiness that we've talked in the past around the comparisons by commodity and how our margins can vary quite a bit by commodity based on weather and seasonality. And as you can see, we did have some net revenue margin decline over the second quarter of last year as well too that made the overall Sourcing results a little more challenging for the quarter as well.  The last service line comment is around Payment Services. In the past, we've referred to that as Information Services. And in all cases, it really is our wholly owned subsidiary T-Chek. Payment Services is probably a more accurate label that we'll be using going forward to describe this. The core product offering within T-Chek is the fuel payment, fuel card services for the carrier partners that we work with.  Over the last couple of years, we have developed MasterCard capabilities, where we can process other T&E type expenditures wherever MasterCard is accepted. We've been working on those capabilities for several years, starting initially in transportation-related customers but now even expanding beyond wherever there's sort of T&E management capabilities. So as we grow that service, we did see volume increases that were pretty meaningful from those MasterCard services in that core fuel card and cash advance service that has been a part of our Payment Services for a long time. Some of those fees are driven by a percentage of fuel prices. And with fuel prices being higher, we did have some price increases that came along with that. So 8.1% net revenue increase in the Payment Services category.  That finishes my prepared comments by service line. I'm going to turn it over to Chad to comment on the income statement and some of the financial pieces and then I'll wrap things up before we open it up to questions.
Chad Lindbloom: Thanks, John. As Page 11 shows and John mentioned earlier, our total net revenues increased 14.6% for the quarter. And our operating expenses increased 14.2%, resulting in an increase of income from operations of 15.1%.  Personnel expenses did grow slightly faster than our net revenues. Our personnel expense increased to 42.8% of net revenues for the second quarter compared to 42.3% for the second quarter of 2010. This increase was primarily the result of an increase in expenses related to incentive compensation, including restricted stock, profit sharing and other bonus programs that are driven by growth in earnings. Our total stock-based compensation expense was $10.1 million for the quarter compared to $7.7 million for the second quarter of 2010.  Excluding these incentive compensation expenses, our personnel as a percent of net revenue decreased slightly, primarily due to our headcount increasing at a lower rate than our net revenues.  Moving on to other SG&A expenses. They decreased to 14.1% of net revenues for the quarter compared to 14.8% of net revenues last year. The primary reduction -- the primary driver of this reduction was our provision for doubtful accounts, which fell to $1.7 million from $4.4 million in the second quarter of 2010.  One other comment on our income statement. Our effective tax rate was 38.5% for the second quarter of 2011 compared to 38.0% in 2010. Both of these are within our current expected range of 38% to 38.5%. The primary driver for our fluctuation and tax rate is the impact of foreign operations.  Moving on to Slide 12. Our balance sheet remains strong with cash and investments of approximately $316 million. We had a good cash flow quarter in the second quarter. Cash flow from operations was $26.2 million. Our net CapEx, including software, was $10.2 million for the quarter. This includes our continued investment in IT systems to help us become more efficient and to continue to grow the business.  Touching on our share repurchase activity for the quarter. During the second quarter of 2011, we repurchased 249,273 shares at an average price of $76.22.  That concludes my remarks, and I will turn it back to John to summarize the call.
John Wiehoff: So wrapping up our prepared comments for the quarter, on Page 13 of the deck, I've mentioned several times that across all of our transportation services that our net revenue growth was primarily driven by increased pricing and margin expansion.  When you look at the Sourcing activity for the quarter, it was primarily impacted by the continued loss of business with a large customer. We feel good about our third-party model, the variability of our operating expenses and some of the commentary that Chad made towards the P&L and how our -- we're managing our overall results on a variable basis and continuing to grow the earnings of the company.  Lastly, I've talked about economic uncertainty and volatility or choppiness in the quarter. The economic demand, fluctuations as well as a lot of the capacity constraints in the truckload portion of it has created an environment where the demand has been a little uncertain. And maybe that word has been worn out in the first half of this year, but we do feel good that our third-party model continues to add value by helping our customers, either transactionally or for integrated services, whatever works for them and balancing that with whatever the marketplace gives us based upon the cycles of supply and demand and how our volumes and margins sort of correlate inversely during those growth periods.  Overall, we feel good about how our business performed and how it is operating. And hopefully, these highlights have been helpful for you to understand our activities and results for the quarter. With that, we will open it up for further questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Bill Greene with Morgan Stanley.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: John, I'm wondering if you can talk a little bit just about your 15% target growth rate. If we look at the second half, and I'm sure you heard some of the comments from UPS about a bit slower growth rates, is that sort of at risk as we think about second half given all of that uncertainty that you referenced? How should we be thinking about that?
John Wiehoff: I would say that when we look at the overall results in the longer-term growth of the business, we've said many times that margins are going to fluctuate from period-to-period. And that over decades or longer periods of time, that the market share growth and the volume is what's going to drive our long-term value add and our broader presence in the marketplace. When you think about margin fluctuation and volume and economic demand, all those things kind of mixing together, what I tried to talk through in that transportation margin scenario is that we went through a period of time where volume was low, margins were good. And then we went through 2010, where margin comparisons were a lot more difficult from a growth standpoint, but volume growth was really good. Now so far this year, we've had less than 15% volume growth in our core truckload activities, but we've had kind of more normal margins. At some point, we do need to see stronger economic demand and greater volume growth in order to sustain that 15% growth, but a lot of what we've been trying to share through the understanding of our own business is that when you mix together the capacity strength, constraints, the economic demand and all of the different variables that come through it, I almost feel like it's hard as ever to predict to that. So there are certainly scenarios where we would have a difficult time achieving that 15% growth in the second half of the year, but we don't forecast or give guidance to that just because we know that those variables can move very quickly and that there are other scenarios where we would feel good about achieving that growth rate in the second half.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: Okay, yes. I know, and the slide deck was actually quite helpful. Just one question about your cash on hand. Does it make sense for us to think about the potential for acquisitions if you've got that much cash and you've got a very resilient model? Maybe that's a way to sort of sustain the growth rate? What are your thoughts on that?
John Wiehoff: We have said for many years now that the ripest area for M&A activity for us would be outside of North America to continue to expand our service offerings on the other continents that we think we have higher growth potential for. We've been a little more passive about that the last few years because of the recession and some of the uncertainties but maybe more importantly, as we get our operating system common around the world. And we do hope that as we get into next year, when we feel like we have a better platform for integrating investments into it, that M&A investments will become a greater part of our future again, not necessarily different from the way we were several years ago but that we could continue to use some of that cash on hand and capital to supplement growth by expanding our network outside of North America a little more aggressively than we have the last couple of years.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Justin Yagerman with Deutsche Bank.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: I wanted to get a sense on Sourcing margins, 8.2% is lower than you've been running at for the last few quarters. It felt like with the Walmart business kind of falling away that maybe that was giving you a bit of a higher margin on the Sourcing line, or maybe there was something else that was impacting that. I was just wondering if there was anything onetime in the quarter. I know weather has been pretty screwy, impacting Sourcing margins, maybe driving up the price of produce. Can you give us a sense of what you think normal Sourcing margin should look like on a go-forward basis and maybe what was impacting Q2?
John Wiehoff: That's a good question. We probably should have put the 10-year margin history in here like we did for transportation. And I don't know exactly what that 10-year average would be, but we do not see any material change to the future from the past regardless of the Walmart transition. What -- you hit on the items that there were freezes in Mexico. There were a lot of rain in parts of the country that stifled some of the volumes and made product quality an issue, where margins will bounce around quarter-to-quarter more from those issues and the mix of what we're doing as opposed to any kind of a permanent change. So they will bounce around, some of the program activity. While margins could move from year-to-year, the program activity, because it would give consistent commodities, maybe would put a little bit more consistency into the margin trends. So the range of what they would be for the last 10 years is what we'd expect it to be going forward, but it may, in fact, even be a little bit more volatile going forward within that range.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: That's helpful. So there was no real impact from Walmart in that change in the customer behavior in terms of...
Chad Lindbloom: No, I don't think so. In recent second quarters, they've ranged from roughly 8% to 8.6%. So 2009, as an example, produce margins were 8.0%. So I don't think this 8.2% is anything outside of normal.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: No, I would agree with that. This is kind of a reversion back to normal. It's just that for the last kind of -- I guess since '09, we've seen margins that have kind of in at least several quarters, above 8.5% or so, which has been abnormally high for you guys.
John Wiehoff: We're constantly adding new value-added services with packaging and branding. And there's such a wide variety from some of our new acquisitions where we have different labels or different products, and we never know if some of those new things are driving longer-term improvement trends. And then usually, the weather comes around and corrects us back to where we've been.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: How are you guys thinking about personnel as we head into the back half of the year. Headcount has been coming up, which you guys have talked about, especially investing in the people and making sure that you've got the assets you need for -- or at least human assets you need for taking care of any kind of recovery type of volumes that you see. Where are we in that process? And how should we expect to end the year from a headcount standpoint? And what are your thoughts there?
John Wiehoff: We continue to hire, so we do anticipate investing in the second half of the year with additional hires. We have probably a 45- to 60-day window into that where we can bring people in fairly quickly. And at all times we're interviewing. And if you look on our website, there are a fair number of job openings posted out there right now. There's other variables of turnover, and that hiring process can be accelerated or slowed down depending upon exactly what happens with demand in the second half. So I think our headcount is up about 6-point-some percent over the previous year. I think it's right around 7% of where we were from the previous year. That could go up or down in the second half of the year, again, adjusted on a rolling 45 or 60 days. I think our network and my hope would be that it goes up, that demand and volume gets a little stronger and that we could certainly handle and are prepared process-wise to hire more and get that number up higher by the end of the year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jon Langenfeld with Robert W. Baird.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Can you reflect on the other line logistics volume? Talk about the -- a good pipeline there. Can you just talk about the size of clients that you're seeing adopt the managed transportation services that you do provide?
John Wiehoff: Yes. So there's about 30-or-so customers in that group that would be in what we would call managed transportation, where there's fee-based income. There would be other transportation customers in the traditional transportation revenues where we might be doing some variations or some of those process management things, but it would just be included in the overhead of the transportation. In this line item, on Page 8, around the $14.8 million for the quarter of net revenue, there's about 30-some customers, and these generally err towards the larger side of our customers. Many of them are top 100 or top 200 customers in the portfolio, where we are providing technology services, route guide management, some sort of transportation management type fee-based service, where those fees would roll into the other logistic services. And in many of those cases, that route guide management or whatever else we might be doing far that customer would be routing freight to other providers as well as to our own network. And so there could be transportation revenues or there is in an almost cases with those same customers where we have traditional transportation revenues as well as the other logistic services. There could be network analysis or bid work or other things that would be more project oriented or non-recurring with those same customers or with customers that we don't have a transportation relationship with that would not be regular annuities, which is why one of the reasons why this line item can bounce around a little more.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Great. And then on the depreciation and amortization side, where does that trend as this new system comes online, have we already started to see the impact of that?
Chad Lindbloom: We have started to see the impacts of both the international forwarding system that we've been talking about as well as T-Chek is developing a new system that they implemented part of it. There is still further spending going on, on both of those systems, and there will be additional amortization coming online as different modules go active, but we do use a relatively short life of 3 years for those systems.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ed Wolfe with Wolfe Trahan & Co.
Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Can you just take us through the quarter a little bit with some of the pricing and volume trends that both, year-over-year, came down a little bit on the truck side? Can you talk a little bit about, through the quarter, how that progressed?
John Wiehoff: There really wasn't any trends within the quarter that were meaningful. It really is more about comparisons over the previous year. I think the big picture on it, Ed, is that last year, the demand was quite a bit higher than most people predicted going into it. So there was a lot of price pressure and a lot of network pressure, a lot of concerns about significant capacity constraints. So coming into this year, bid packages and prices were generally higher. And I would say, in general, across all the different transportation services, that demand probably hasn't been quite the fear factor that everybody expected. In some parts of the regions, for some periods of time, it has been. But like I tried to lay out earlier, things bounced around a little bit during the quarter in terms of very tight markets and different price comparisons and margin comparisons but no real directional trends on either of those that I could speak to.
Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. And in terms of regions of the country, did you see any strengthening or weakening throughout the quarter? Did the West get any better, for instance, by June and July? Or is it as bad as it was at the beginning of year? And did the Southeast or Midwest weaken it all?
Chad Lindbloom: It stayed fairly constant with the comments that I made earlier. There was some pretty meaningful movement in our refrigerated capacity near the end of the quarter where things got a lot tighter. Produce season can have a lot to do with the variability around that. So within the sub-modes of truckload, whether it's flatbed or temperature controlled or hazmat, there can be some more spikes within there. Typically, temperature controlled stuff off the West Coast would be the most volatile, and there was some movement. That, again, is a small enough portion of the total truck that it doesn't change the overall trends. But if you're working in our produce division, you would definitely experience that.
Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. And the D&A is up $1.1 million quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. What's driving the D&A? And how should we look at that going forward?
Chad Lindbloom: A big portion -- the bulk of the increase is technology related, both rolling on those systems as well as buying hardware that supports those systems to run on a worldwide basis.
Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: So is $8.2 million a good quarterly run rate here?
Chad Lindbloom: Yes. For the time being, yes, that is a good run rate.
Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. And in terms of headcount up 6.6% when you have truckload volume up 3.5%, and I guess, combined with LTL, more like up 6%, is that where you plan to keep it headed up? Or are we kind of going grow into that for a while? How do you think about headcount?
John Wiehoff: Well, that's a global headcount number. So you've got Asia and South America and other places in there that are impacting that, where the headcount and the personnel dollars aren't going to necessarily correlate. But as an overall assumption, what we have said and we'll hold through is that coming into this year, we were at the high end of the range of almost all of the productivity metrics. And while we think we can stay there and hopefully continue to establish new ranges, that we're probably going to need headcount additions to support our growth going forward so that as a general rule of thumb, volume is probably the best driver or best metric of what those headcount increases would need to look like. So headcount and volume probably growing more closely together going forward.
Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: And then just last one on Sourcing. When we think about when and how the loss of Walmart is going to grandfather, you did $35 million in the quarter and second quarter. I'm not so sure of the seasonality historically, but should you be in that range of kind of $33 million, $35 million of net revenue for Sourcing going forward? Or is there more that's coming out of this number?
Chad Lindbloom: Well, we did have some of the Walmart business during the second quarter that we have lost. We lost some of it during the quarter. So I would say for the next 4 quarters, we're going to have some comparison issues, so the second half of this year as well as the first half of next year. It's hard to say whether that's really a good run rate without knowing how successful we will be in other programs as well as the seasonality, like you mentioned.
John Wiehoff: Yes. I think going forward, the seasonality is going to be the big issue. That -- we think we're at a seasonal adjusted run rate, but there's a lot of variance by the growing seasons and the weather patterns. And so we'll have the Walmart comparison issue as well as whatever sort of typical seasonality that we have to plan for.
Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Is there any way to give a number of how much, you now believe, net revenue you lost to the Walmart business on an annual run rate?
Chad Lindbloom: No, we're not disclosing that.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Chris Ceraso with Credit Suisse.
Christopher Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG: A couple of items. First, there's been an increase in M&A recently in the 3PL business. Are you starting to come up against new, larger, better competitors? Is that having an impact on your business?
John Wiehoff: From an M&A standpoint or from a competitive standpoint?
Christopher Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG: From a competitive standpoint created by M&A.
John Wiehoff: No. What we said -- when we look at our business long term, we feel like the competitiveness would largely show up in margins and margin activity if the competitive landscape moves significantly in kind of that 10-year graph that we looked through. We think the core metric that would indicate that doesn't really show anything. Now at the same time, our industry always has been and remains today highly competitive. And one of the things that we have said is that we believe since the 3PL sector is taking share and that a larger portion of transportation and logistics is running through some form of a 3PL or third-party going forward that it's quite possible that there are very capable new competitors who are doing just fine, and yet, our industry sector, as a whole, may or may not be more competitive per se. So there's a lot of competitors. Everything is priced competitively. It's a very fragmented industry with literally thousands of providers, but we don't see any sort of overarching change in the competitive landscape that has impacted our business model or the key metrics that we would look at to try to gauge that.
Christopher Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG: Okay. And I guess in a similar vein, we heard that one of your competitors was cutting price in the quarter to try to gain market share. Do you feel that or notice it? Or is the market too big and too fragmented?
John Wiehoff: Too big and too fragmented. We could certainly notice that in a lane or with a specific customer. But there's always somebody who's more aggressively going after market share, and it's a question of how long do you do that for. Last year, we helped out a lot of customer relationships where we lost money on transactions or tried to expand relationships by being -- taking on more volume or doing things where we lost money at it. And this year, we've been able to correct some of that, and that's why we have less volume and better margins on a lot of the activity. So at any point in time, there will always be examples of somebody slashing prices and going after market share and/or making a relationship investment to try to gain volume or credibility with the shipper. So I'm sure that's happened, and I'm sure there's examples of it across our network of where it's gone on but again, to no greater probability, percentage or impact that we could measure or understand that's impacting our business.
Christopher Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG: And then just last, Chad. Can you review -- I didn't catch all the numbers on the doubtful accounts. And maybe let us know why it was down so much and where you expect that to run.
Chad Lindbloom: Sure. Last year, for the quarter, our provision for doubtful accounts was $4.4 million. This year, for the quarter, the provision was $1.7 million. It's very difficult to project where it's going to run in the future, but what drives it is how many write-offs did we have during the quarter and what is the quality of the AR portfolio by looking at the aging by category and the risk categories of the customer. Even though our AR portfolio's as large as it's been, the statistics about the quality of the portfolio are very high. So the way you set your bad debt provision is do a calculation based on the statistics of your receivable portfolio, and that comes up with what the reserve that's on the balance sheet should be. The expense, basically, becomes a plug of the change in the reserve plus any write-offs you had during the quarter. So again, it's difficult to predict what it's going to be going forward, but I guess the key message is we feel as good about our receivable portfolio as we've felt in quite a while. That feeling is based on statistics.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I wanted to talk a little bit -- last time, we talked a little bit about margin trends. And thank you for that slide, very helpful. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more specifically about gross profit per load and how you're kind of seeing that trend in terms of getting a little more granular and talking about the ability then as carriers or kind of modestly raising rates, kind of what you're seeing out there.
John Wiehoff: We -- gross profit per whatever, per shipment, per TEU, per ton, there's a lot of metrics that are relevant to our network that we look at. We have chosen to not disclose a lot of those for competitive reasons, and so it gets kind of hard to talk about how they're trending or give a lot of added clarity on it. But needless to say, when you look at our volume increases and our net revenue margin increases, you can make some assumptions about how those per-transactional trends are moving. Whenever we have margin improvement, we would typically have margin-per-transaction improvement going on as well. It's just a combination of pricing and productivity. So I think the overall trends for the quarter around pricing and margins would indicate that our profit per whatever is moving in the same direction, whether it's a TEU or a per-ton weight in airfreight. We're trying to get better at understanding and analyzing a lot of those volume metrics and may or may not choose to disclose them in the future. But for now, we hope that this deck and this information gives you all the sort of trend thinking that would be helpful.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Fair enough. And also, could you talk a little bit about -- when we talked about some of this uncertainty going into the second half of the year, and obviously, your business continues to perform well. But was wondering how you -- in terms of your client discussions, when you're talking about kind of contracts and locking-up rates and things like that and kind of what their outlook is on whether they're more spot or more predisposed to contractual pricing right now. If you could kind of talk about those trends a little bit.
John Wiehoff: I think that probably, the biggest trend that I personally have been aware of in the business reviews that I've been a part of is since so many companies are really trying to run on lean inventories and tight supply chains, that these economic fluctuations have made it much more difficult, especially on a lot of the consumer products companies, where you're trying to keep inventories tight and manage your supply chain aggressively and when we you have consumer demand spiking and the markets jumping up and down and commodity prices moving around, it gets very difficult to manage a lot of this stuff. And you see different customers reacting in different ways. Some customers want to pay the premium to make certain that there's dedicated capacity in a more committed way, which obviously, we're doing a lot of that, because we're growing with our larger customers. And we feel good about our service levels and our commitments, and our pricing is up to reflect that. So there's a lot of our customers who feel that way, and there are others who are more disposed or exposed to the market volatility or whatever pricing that may come with that. So it really kind of depends upon the business model and the shipper-specific expectations of how they want to manage their supply chain.
Chad Lindbloom: The other comment that I would add on to that, Nate, is that the most people -- the most of the demand indexes probably haven't been quite as high as everybody was expecting. And yet, with some of the areas of pretty significant tightness in the truckload portion of North America, some of the things that were talked about quite a bit last year around capacity shortage and rule changes, if we do have very high demand and high growth, there could be some pretty meaningful shortages or capacity constraints in the second half of the year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Thom Wadewitz with JPMorgan.
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes. Wanted to ask you a bit about how you view the tightness in the market in second quarter and how you think that kind of affected your volume performance. I look at the 3.5% volume growth -- I don't know if you think that's taking share from the market or not. But typically, I think of your volumes, in a more normal environment, being stronger than that. So how do you think you did versus the market? And as has your sense of the -- with the market actually reasonably tightened second quarter or not in truckload?
Chad Lindbloom: It's hard this quickly after the quarter to really gauge precisely how we did compared to the market. But there's no question that if we did take share, it wasn't nearly as successfully as it's been in a lot of other periods, particularly last year, where we were taking share pretty aggressively and focusing in on trying to get through those tougher market conditions that were less anticipated. I would say, during the current year, it's been more about correcting pricing to a sustainable execution where we're getting rid of freight that we lost money at and participating in bids with a little bit more balanced perspective. So we maybe didn't take a lot of market share on the truckload service line this quarter, but we do hope that it's a fairly natural and warranted correction of the new capacity constraints and kind of what the appropriate market conditions are for today's pricing.
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So how would you envision a -- I guess a typical scenario of things playing out that would drive increase your market share gain or an increase in your volumes? I know you don't know what the economy is going to do. It's obviously tough to figure that out. But what's the scenario where your market share gains accelerate again to a kind of a more normal level? Is that at the market tightening a lot? Is that -- what is it that kind of potentially catalyzes that?
Chad Lindbloom: It's a function of relationship building and contractual expansion within the dedicated customer relationships like we have had success on in the last couple of quarters along with new customer and transactional growth that's available in the marketplace, which we have been less successful on the last couple of quarters. I think that less successful growth in the new customer transactional stuff is a combination of demand being tight but not so tight that route guides are completely failing or that there's significant amounts of freight everywhere that there's incremental volume opportunities along with some pretty significant capacity constraints and adjustments in the marketplace that make sourcing that additional capacity at a profit pretty challenging for a short period of time. So it's a combination of supply and demand fluctuations and having enough demand in the marketplace that we can take up -- take advantage of that, help our customers and make some money doing it.
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And do you think it's more the market? Or is it -- is there maybe a lag benefit from the headcount you added?
John Wiehoff: We've had some discussions about that, and it's always hard to gauge whether or not our staffing is a variable in that. We know that we got pretty lean during 2010 and that we're adding resources to help us grow. And as I said earlier, we'll continue to add people with that. I think whenever you put more resources towards it, you'll have some sort of incremental gains in volume or activity. Whether or not it's the optimum productivity and profitability, it's something that we sort of perpetually debate around here. Our core conclusion around that is kind of what I've said a couple of times, that we know we need to add people to continue to facilitate that growth, and it's in process.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Larkin with Stifel, Nicolaus.
John Larkin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes. John, you had indicated that of the total transportation business, the truckload was more than 50%. Refresh my memory. Have you broken out the size of the rapidly growing LTL business and/or the size of the non-U.S. business as a percentage of the total?
John Wiehoff: We have not. We have, in the past, estimated that the LTL net revenue is somewhere in the low to mid-teens, around 13%, 14% of the truckload -- total truckload category. We've had some definitional challenges in the past around whether LTL was defined as to how the shipper tendered her to you or what type of a carrier we tendered it to, what consolidation programs and some other things. We hope that at some point in the future, we'll have a cleaner breakout of that and report LTL as a separate line item. But for now, it's right around 13%, 14% depending upon how you choose your definitions of the total truck net revenue category.
Chad Lindbloom: And European truck is the only significant foreign trucking we have. Or non-North American trucking is a more accurate way to say it, and that's about 4% of truck.
John Larkin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: The question I have revolving the LTL then would be given that the brokerage community has penetrated LTL a little bit later than perhaps it penetrated the truckload market, how many more years of what I would call outsized growth rate do you see on the LTL side of things? Is it another 5 years before you get to roughly the point where it's a mature market? Is it going to take longer than that, shorter than that? Any guidance you could provide to us would be helpful?
John Wiehoff: That's a good question and hard to answer. I -- it probably depends upon a lot of things. We think there's a lot of run room there. Our relationships with the top 200 LTL providers are -- many of them are still fresher in the last 5 years. And while it's become a very meaningful business to us, we're not that large of a customer with any of them, and we feel like we have pretty good room to grow with them. So I don't -- and our long-range planning goes out 3 to 5 years. And we think during that period of time, we can continue to be pretty successful at growing that. As far as 10 years and beyond it, it would get really hard to predict, but scale also is a big advantage in that. So one of the things that we would hope is as we continue to build relationships and improve the economic outcomes of both the shippers and carriers that we deal with in the LTL side of it that as we get larger and larger, hopefully, that scale would translate into a size advantage as well as a first-mover advantage.
John Larkin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: That's a very good answer. And then shifting over to Europe, that's a very helpful statistic that Chad provided. 4% of total truck is occurring in Europe. I think you had mentioned a couple of times in the last 12 months that it is your core belief that Europe could be potentially as large as domestic U.S. at some point in the future. Tying that into an earlier comment related to M&A potential, mostly in the foreign markets, can we assume that the European growth is going to be more or less stagnant until it's time to start ramping in some of the acquisitions? Or is there also an organic growth program at work in Europe as well?
John Wiehoff: We have organic growth initiatives that we feel pretty good about and are pretty confident that we will have organic growth in Europe, the challenge being that with starting from a 4% base, even 20% or 25% organic growth, it takes many, many years to meaningfully move the needle in the mix side of it. We would love to invest some of that capital in the European truck service line that we have. We're not aware of a lot of significant providers over there. So we'll continue to look for smaller pieces that might bolt on well to our network from a truck standpoint and push the organic growth as aggressively as we can. And we do very much believe that the long-term potential for the European truck service line is equal to the North American truckload opportunity, but it is realistically going to be a very long time, like decades, before those 2 lines probably cross based upon how fast the mix can change from organic growth and the types of investment opportunities that exist that we're aware of.
John Larkin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. That's very helpful. And then just maybe one last question on your intermodal initiative to add an extra 500 boxes into your previous order. And I can't remember how large that was. I want to say something like 1500 boxes. Do I have the magnitude correct?
John Wiehoff: No. We had 350 and now 500 more, which will -- and depending upon exactly the timing of the delivery and those other leases, this would put us somewhere between 600 and 800 boxes, depending upon exactly when the deliveries come and when the leases run up.
John Larkin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Are these dry boxes? Are they 53s or reefer boxes?
John Wiehoff: Sorry. I was just going to say yes.
Chad Lindbloom: Yes, all dry, 53-foot boxes.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Matt Troy with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Matthew Troy - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Yes. I wanted to ask a question about Europe, specifically on the regulatory front. The EU Parliament, I think, just levied or authorized the member states to levy an additional charge on trucking companies to penalize them or recover the cost of both environmental and noise pollution. I think it's something -- a couple of cents per mile. But also, it actually allowed them to institute differential pricing with higher rates during peak periods or days or hours. Was wondering if that makes your business there more complex. Do you see that as an opportunity, because it's getting more complex or a challenge for your model to take share? And then secondly, the other regulatory thrust of the EU has been potentially the requirement of ships to cut the emissions. And folks are talking that, that can drive about 30% of short-seat freight to trucking-based carriage. So if you can maybe put some context around that, that would be helpful.
John Wiehoff: Yes. So for starters, in the 20 years or so that we've been building our truckload business in Europe, it's been consistent during that whole time that fuel prices have been significantly higher. The cost of new equipment has been higher in Europe. And that when we look at kind of transportation logistics optimization, that truckload transportation in particular has been much more expensive relative to North America. And that with congestion and difficulty from our vantage point, European supply chains have always had a greater cost penalty for longer length of haul and greater cost around those. So increased cost through regulation or surtaxes or charges would just continue to accentuate that, that the cost of a longer, more complicated supply chain in Europe is the detriment to your business. The trade-off of that, of course, is that there's all kinds of cheaper more cost-effective labor that's been brought into the union over the last 10 years. So despite those incremental cost, there are many companies who are consolidating production in Eastern Europe and choosing those longer lengths of haul as a trade-off from all the other scale and labor savings that they can get in Eastern Europe. So to us, the types of regulatory things or any kind of cost drivers that you've described would just be one of the many variables in any network analysis around where does it make sense to produce and what are the costs of distribution and what is the least landed cost that's going to make you most competitive.
Matthew Troy - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Got it. Second question -- I will certainly keep to the 2 question request. If we're talking about acquisitions, I've never -- I can't identify a shortlist of landed European truckload brokerage operations that would be a fit or that even exist. So I would want to ask a question, does it make more sense or should we be thinking about an acquisition being more centered in the air and ocean forwarding, where integration risk might be higher, but there's a much broader pool of potential candidates?
John Wiehoff: Yes. That -- our market intelligence would suggest that -- especially in Europe but in Asia too, that there's a much more established and mature air and ocean industry that we would have much more likely targets for acquisition in those spaces. There are some small truck brokerage businesses, but it's -- they seem to be much more fragmented and much less desirable acquisition targets, because the transaction and integration cost generally exceed a lot of the benefit that we can get from them. So we would much more likely be using air- and ocean-based businesses to establish relationships and a local presence and an understanding of the market and then try to move from there more into organic growth in truck services in other parts of the world.
Angela Freeman: So unfortunately, we're out of time. So that will have to be have been our last question. We apologize we couldn't get to everybody today. Thank you for participating in our Second Quarter 2011 Conference Call. I want to remind you that this call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the C.H. Robinson website at chrobinson.com. It will also be available by dialing (800) 406-7325 and entering the pass code 4452992#. The replay will be available at approximately 7 p.m. Eastern Time today. Presentation slides will stay posted. If you have any additional questions, please call me, Angie Freeman, at (952) 937-7847. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Angela Freeman - Vice President of Investor Relations and Public Affairs Chad Lindbloom - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President John Wiehoff - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC William Greene - Morgan Stanley Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Benjamin Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Christopher Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Scott Flower - Macquarie Research Alexander Brand - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson First Quarter 2011 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Tuesday, April 26, 2011. Now I'd like to turn the conference over to Angie Freeman, C.H. Robinson Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Freeman.
Angela Freeman: Thank you. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, CEO; and Chad Lindbloom, Senior Vice President and, CFO. John and Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our first quarter performance, and we will follow that with a question-and-answer session. I would like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad, or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. With that, I'll turn it over to John.
John Wiehoff: Thank you, Angie, and thanks to everybody for taking the time to listen to our first quarter conference call. I'd like to start by highlighting just a few of the key financial results on the press release that we sent out a little while ago. For our first quarter ended March 31, 2011, our total revenues increased 14% to $2.4 billion. Our net revenues increased 17.4% to $390 million. Our operating income increased 15.2% to $157 million. Net income increased 15.5% to $97 million, and fully diluted EPS increased 18% to $0.59 per share. In addition to these overall financial results, our press release gives more detailed growth percentages by our various service offerings.  In terms of overall highlights for the first quarter, we did achieve our long-term growth target of 15% in our key metrics. The growth of 21.9% in our truck net revenues for the quarter drove our earnings growth. Compared to last year's first quarter, we experienced tighter Transportation markets or greater demand relative to supply versus a year ago. The tighter markets have generally led the price increases compared to a year ago in our Transportation services. We feel good overall about how we're adjusting to the changing market conditions. Our total Transportation gross margin of 17.2% was down slightly from 17.4% last year.  While our experience varies some by mode and service, overall, we were able to grow our Transportation volumes while adjusting to significant price increases and holding our gross margins relatively consistent with last year. The last couple of years on these calls, we've discussed gross margin fluctuations quite a bit and how we accept them as part of our business model. Over the past 10 years, we've had reporting quarters with Transportation gross margins ranging from 15.4% to as high as 22.6%. All the variables driving that volatility: pricing, fuel, mix, seasonality et cetera, were still relevant but the net result for us overall was fairly constant gross margin percentages. Our operating expenses grew faster than our net revenues. However, the drivers of that increase are our variable compensation incentive accruals and a litigation charge. The rest of our expenses are in line with our model and longer term expectations. Overall, we were happy with our execution and the results for the quarter. Moving on to some prepared comments by mode or service offering, Truckload volume was up 7.5%. Excluding the estimated impacts of fuel, pricing was up 8% versus a year ago. When we discuss our results and the relationship between volume and price, it's important to remember that we are somewhat unique compared to many other Transportation businesses, in that our pricing and contractual commitments are made on a very decentralized, customer-specific basis for each of our 35,000-plus customer relationships. These percentages represent the aggregate decision-making of all those relationships versus any distinct single decision or company-wide practice.  The majority of our Truckload volume growth in the first quarter of 2011 came from existing customer relationships. The Truckload market has been tightening for several quarters now, and most in the industry are aware the challenges involved in adding additional capacity.  From account management standpoint, we've been working with our customers to adjust to the market and provide additional capacity to our current relationships. Our LTL volumes grew 18% in the quarter. Our approach of selling more outsourced solutions and automated process improvement has helped us to grow this mode of transportation. Our cost and customer pricing continue to both increase in this mode as the industry has reduced capacity in many areas, and is much more focused on efficiency, price increases and profit improvement. Our Intermodal net revenues grew 13% for the quarter. However, our volume was down slightly. While we feel very good about our Intermodal service offering and our abilities to execute for our customers, we recognize that the Intermodal industry growth has exceeded our growth. We're committed to both quality service in Intermodal, as well as growing our business.  Our Intermodal activity includes a heavy focus on Western U.S. lanes that did not grow as much as some of the eastern activity. Weather did cause some of our multimodal place to go by truck, and we continue to work with our rail partners to ensure that we have adequate access to capacity and competitive pricing to grow this business. Our Air, Ocean and Customs Forwarding business continues to grow and become a more relevant part of our global network of services. Ocean growth was very strong in the quarter. We continue to invest significantly in our continental leadership structures in Europe, Asia, and South America, as well as our navigator systems implementation to connect of all of our offices to 1 worldwide operating system. We feel good about the progress on these initiatives and continue to add some very good customers to our network as we grow these services. Global expansion of our network and services remains a high priority. Our Sourcing business revenues declined 15% in the first quarter of 2011. Net revenues decreased by 5.5%. 2 primary factors in those results are the continued declines from the loss of a large customer that we've discussed in the past, as well as several significant weather events that lowered overall crop volumes and related sales activity, but increased margins on the more limited volume of product that we sourced. Information Services from our wholly-owned subsidiary T-Chek, grew at 13% for the quarter. T-Chek continued to diversify its service offerings into other categories of transaction processing. T-Chek's revenue during the quarter also grew from increases from transactions that are based on fuel prices.  Overall, I would say it's a good start to 2011. 1 of the core relationship goals that we have is to balance longer-term strategic goals, like integrating and automating the longer-term account management practices to improve our customers supply chains, global systems investments, outsourced solutions and new services, with shorter term adjustments to market conditions that drive things like price changes, transactional solutions, additional capacity, et cetera.  Keeping that long term focus on relationships and solutions, while reacting to the short-term market forces is something that I think Robinson is uniquely good at, and our results this quarter reflect that.  Those are my prepared comments. And with that, I will turn it over to Chad.
Chad Lindbloom: Thanks, John. I'm going to give some comments on our operating expenses, income taxes, balance sheet and cash flow statements. Starting with personnel expenses. Our personnel expense increased to 44.9% of net revenues for the first quarter compared to 44.1% for the first quarter of 2010. This increase was primarily the result of an increase in our restricted stock expense.  Our total stock-based compensation expense was $4.5 million this quarter compared to $4.7 million for the first quarter of 2010. The majority of the stock-based compensation expense was driven by the vesting of our performance-based restricted stock awards. The vesting of these awards is based on our earnings growth rate.  Each year we accrue based on the year-to-date growth rate in income from operations and diluted earnings per share. This year's growth of 15% for income from operations and 18% for EPS compares to relatively flat earnings in 2010 compared to the first quarter of 2009. Also, as John mentioned in his comments and reported in the release, the first quarter of 2011's SG&A expenses include a charge for $5.9 million for the deductible plus post judgment interest for an accident which occurred in 2004. We disagree with the verdict and the appellate court's decision, and plan to submit a petition for review to the Illinois Supreme Court.  Our effective income tax rate was 38.2% for the first quarter of 2011 compared to 38.4% in 2010. Both of these are within our current expected range of 38% to 38.5%. Our balance sheet remains strong, with cash and investments of $360 million. We had a good cash flow quarter. As in previous years, the first quarter of cash flow was impacted by the payment of accrued compensation. Moving on to our CapEx. Our CapEx for the quarter including software, was $9.6 million. This includes continued investments in our IT systems to support continued growth and efficiency improvements. We expect our CapEx, including capitalized software, to be approximately $40 million during 2011. We have discussed in the past our strategy for using share repurchases as a variable way to return excess capital to our shareholders. During the first quarter of 2011, we repurchased 623,215 shares at an average price of $73.01.  That concludes our prepared remarks, and we will now begin the question and answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Jon Langenfeld with Robert W. Baird.
Benjamin Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Ben Hartford in for John. Good afternoon. I'm sorry, if we could talk about on the Truck side, gross profit margin trend on the transactional business versus the contractual business, could you talk a little bit about the trends whether there was a divergence in the trends. I suspect the transactional gross profit was better than contractual trends in the quarter. But could you talk a little bit about that dynamic in the first quarter?
John Wiehoff: Yes. I would say the prepared comment around reemphasizing the decentralized nature of the network was really sort of a setup for that. We have a wide variety of customers and where we have ongoing price commitments and longer-term price relationships during a tightening market like this, we will generally see some price compression in those longer-term price commitments. And transactional activity by definition, the margins stay a little bit more consistent because by nature, they sort of adjust to the current market conditions. So there always is a little bit of a variance, but because the market has been tightening for several quarters now and because the marketplace is generally aware, both customers and carriers of how things are changing, we feel like both types of relationships evolve pretty well in the quarter for us, and that there was no real great disparity across our network from a margin standpoint.
Benjamin Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And I guess to that end, when you noted that pricing growth to customers x fuel out grew the cost, the capacity growth in the quarter, is there something unique about this cycle in that divisibility to capacity constraints is high, and therefore, you could experience outside gross profit growth over the next several quarters because your momentum pricing to customers is possibly above trend here?
John Wiehoff: It's really hard to predict what's going to happen going forward. But we do think this cycle consistent with past ones that when the market begins to tighten and demands starts to rise, normally, we'll see some relative margin compression for a while, until the industry as a whole kind of understands and starts to tolerate price increases and adjusting to the market conditions. And we do feel that coming into 2011 with all the discussion last year around capacity shortages and the markets tightening for the majority of the second half of 2010 for sure that we've reached that turning point, where there generally have been price increases across all the modes and particularly on the Truckload side. So the market does feel like it's turned, and it's understanding of the tightness, and the price increases, but where they go from here, again, it's always a relative supply and demand thing. It really depends upon how that demand, that spot market compares to the supply going forward.
Benjamin Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And then 1 more if I could, on the Sourcing side you talked about some of the disruptions in the first quarter, now that the weather is out of the way, what is the outlook year into April into the second quarter as it relates to the produce market and refrigerated capacity in particular?
John Wiehoff: We've talked for the past few quarters about the trend of Wal-Mart's changes in the way that they are Sourcing some of their product, which includes more in-sourcing and less use of C.H. Robinson. We expect to continue to see declines with Wal-Mart in the third quarter compared to last year's third quarter. So that will definitely be a headwind. But feel pretty good about the growth of the nonWal-Mart business within Sourcing.
Benjamin Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Greene with Morgan Stanley.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: I know in the past you've mentioned that CSA doesn't really change the sort of that liability that you think you face relative to face that. But have you seen any change from shippers in how they're thinking about this, whether they're using brokers more or whether they're migrating toward carriers with decent grades or have you seen any change there?
Angela Freeman: This is Angie, Bill. I don't know. I think it's premature to say that there's been a significant change in the way that people are selecting their providers. But there's definitely a lot of discussions going on in our part with our customers about their processes, our processes, the need to make sure that you have good carrier qualification, processes and data in place both today and under our new system. And until we have more details about the new system, I think for a lot of people they are in wait and see mode to see what that might look like.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: And then we've noticed, and I think John you've been mentioning in the past conference calls about the greater volatility in the rates and changes in capacity, do you think that through this process, the model's proven itself? Or do you need to sort of address how many longer-term contracts you're willing to enter into or how do you think about kind of the volatility we've seen in adjusting the model?
John Wiehoff: No, I think the model has generally proven itself. I feel like we're operating today under the same values and principles that we were 10 years ago. Whenever things get more volatile, especially when they get as volatile as they have the last couple of years, we need to be very cautious about long term contractual commitments to make sure that we've got the shipper and supply-side aligned with expectations. And there's just more room for error when you've got greater volatility in it. But I would say our business model and our approach to the marketplace in managing that supply and demand volatility is consistent with what it's been in the past. And like I said, if anything that maybe feels a little bit unique about right now compared to the past is there's been so much industry-wide discussion about supply shortages and all the things that may cause it and the expected price increases that may be there's a little bit broader awareness and acceptance of what's going on in the market conditions than in past cycles. But I think our business is reacting to it very similar to what we would've done in the past.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: Okay. That's great. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Flower with Macquarie Securities.
Scott Flower - Macquarie Research: Just a couple of quick questions. I know that John, you just talked about how there's more acceptance on the part of the shippers having heard all the verbiage about what's going on in the Truckload market. Are you seeing any difference or change in your carrier development activity in terms of your capacity development?
John Wiehoff: Not really. We continue to sign up new carriers and have some falloff just like we have during any other part of the cycle. So, no, I would say nothing significant to our change. There's been a lot of very public discussion, especially with some of the larger carriers, how some are adding equipment and some are not. So within any given relationship, there might be a differing attitude about who's looking for growth or who's looking for keeping things. But in terms of us, overall developing the marketplace in the supply-side. It feels fairly consistent with past period periods.
Scott Flower - Macquarie Research: Even with all the impact or possible impact of CSA or et cetera, that really hasn't changed anything as you see it?
John Wiehoff: It has not yet, I think very similar to what Angie said earlier, there's certainly been a lot of discussion and planning for what the impact of it is going to be. And I know that within some carriers they are working their drivers differently and preparing for how they want to operate under the new rules. So within any given motor carrier, there could be some differences in practices that we're not really exposed to. But from our standpoint, in terms of qualifying carriers and gathering information around their equipment capabilities and preferences, we continue to sign up new ones and lose some old ones and kind of manage that process every similar to what we've done in past periods.
Scott Flower - Macquarie Research: And then the other quick follow-up is could you give me some sense in the Truckload and the LTL side? Was there any sort of trend change within the first quarter in terms of volume? Did it pickup toward the end of quarter? Was it more even? I'm just trying to get a sense and I know there is obviously some weather in there, but I'm just trying to get a sense within first quarter how the volume trends might have behaved within the month in the quarter?
John Wiehoff: There was -- I think the quarter is representative of what happened in and of itself, there were no discernable trends.
Scott Flower - Macquarie Research: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Ceraso with Crédit Suisse.
Christopher Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG: Thank you. Good evening. Kind of a strategic question on the composition of your growth and maybe you can put it in the context of the quarter that you just finished. And then also in the outlook. And I'm thinking about how much of your growth is coming from growth and outsourced Transportation as a market. How much is coming from just economic growth and freight volume growth? And how much is coming from share gains? And has that changed over time?
John Wiehoff: So our growth strategy would definitely include everything you just listed around account penetration and developing new services and tying them together in kind of more comprehensive outsourced solutions. The last several years we have had greater emphasis on marketing what we have labeled outsourced solutions. So everything from a single source Transportation product in 1 mode to more complicated multimodal programs. And that would include our technology driven freight management services, our TMC model, that is a fee-based business where it's very much solutions and process driven. All of those services in that outsourced solution category have continued to grow a little bit faster the last several years compared to just some of our general growth in each of the services. We have put greater emphasis on that, and I think we've talked in the past during the depths of the recession, when customers were probably more reluctant to hire or to spend money on a technology solution, and then and now continue to look for more aggressive solutions to drive out costs and make things more competitive. That's probably the marketplace conditions that have been beating some of our growth in that outsourced solutions category and causing us to continue to emphasize it and make sure that we're talking to the customers who may have a need for it.
Christopher Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG: So are these customers that have already been using outsourced transportation, but you're taking them to the next level?
John Wiehoff: It's all across the board. In some cases, it's that. In many cases, our marketing strategy will be to build a transactional relationship, and then eventually get more involved in routine bids and more consistent levels of freight. And then when we have somewhat of an automated and working relationship and a trusting relationship with that customer, we can talk to them about relying on us on a more holistic way in 1 of many outsourced solution type things. So that's our normal marketing approach. Kind of a bottoms up thing where we would start with a more limited relationship, and then tie in. But occasionally, we get the request for proposal from somebody who's currently outsourced and evaluating it or somebody who has never been outsourced in the past but is just looking to jump in.
Christopher Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Brooklier with Piper Jaffray.
Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies: Thanks. Good afternoon. I'm wondering if you could walk us through your Truck gross yields in the quarter per month or to provide or if you can just talk to them directionally?
John Wiehoff: Similar to the volume trend in the previous question we got about the progression throughout the quarter, there was no discernible trends that we're going to comment on.
Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies: Can you comment a little bit in terms of how April feels thus far, capacity, tightness what have you?
John Wiehoff: We're not going to quantify the results thus far in April. The year-over-year growth trends are similar to what we saw in the first quarter. Really, when we start commenting on the first month of the quarter is when there was directional things that were causing it to either increase or decrease significantly during the quarter. So now that we're not going up and down, we're just not going to necessarily comment on April.
Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies: On the Sourcing side, your gross yields, good improvement year-over-year. You spoke to, I guess, 2 abnormalities in the quarter, the Wal-Mart business going away and also some weather impact. Just curious as to what's enabling you to improve the gross yield within the sourcing side of the business. Is it the Wal-Mart volume pealing off? Or was it your ability to maybe charge a little bit more during first quarter just given what happened on the weather side of things?
John Wiehoff: The primary driver of it is the weather. Each freeze or each crop is different, but it's generally the case that when there's a freeze, there's a lot less product, but customers are willing to pay for it because the market is so tight for it. So the primary driver of that margin expansion was tomatoes, lettuce, couple other crops that had some pretty significant freeze activity where there was a lot less volume, but it was at higher margins.
Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies: So would you expect that to get maybe back on to a more normalized level moving out?
John Wiehoff: Yes. Assuming the weather normalizes, yes, we would expect that to return as well.
Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies: Okay. We we'll see about the weather normalizing. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tom Wadewitz with JP Morgan.
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I wanted to ask you about the volume trends in Truckload. I guess, if you look back over the past, 4 quarters or so, you had very strong growth in first quarter '10. And it's still been good but it's decelerated, and then you see a little bit further deceleration first quarter to 7%. How do you think that would develop looking forward, assuming that the market, the economy's okay and you see some further tightening in the market? Does that accelerate when you need the help to find capacity or are there any kind of directional comments you could make on how Truckload volume might develop?
John Wiehoff: I think it's some the prepared comments around that price volume relationship, I think are relevant to bring into it Tom, because when the demand tightens like it did during the fourth quarter, it really wouldn't have been that hard to have higher volume growth. It's all a question of what margin it's going to come at. And like you said, we did have pretty high volume growth in the first half of last year. And as the year wears on, what we're going to be doing on a customer by customer basis and adapting to the market is just seeing how tight it gets and seeing what pricing behavior is doing in the marketplace and what's the right blend of volume and price in order to balance, keeping our customers happy and serving them with protecting our profitability and managing the business. So I think it has a lot to do with kind of what happens in the marketplace and what's the right reaction for each customer based upon how much more capacity they need and what price it's going to take to make it happen.
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So if the market tightens considerably, you would be less inclined to grow volume, or you don't necessarily read it that way?
John Wiehoff: It depends upon. I mean it depends upon what our customers want of us. And I think what you can read into the first quarter is that most of our existing customers were willing to pay additional to get access to that capacity in the marketplace. And when we look at our network in aggregate, that's how we see it reacted, is that maybe a little less volume growth than we could have had under other circumstances, but our margins held fairly constant with the year ago despite tightening market conditions. So if that's the way the marketplace, and our customers, and our networks react in the future, you could see similar results. If the market gets really tight, and the transactional market gets a lot crazier than it is today, you could see a lot difference in volume growth.
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then as a follow-up, and then I'll pass it along. On the fourth quarter, you mentioned that you had really gotten to a high level of productivity and then 2011, you probably have to begin to hire more aggressively. Is the increase in headcount in first quarter, I think up about almost 5%, is that the right run rate to think about for headcount going forward? Or is that a number which could accelerate further?
John Wiehoff: No. It could accelerate a little bit. Most of the offices are pretty actively looking based on a pretty tight market and a lot happening. The headcount generally grows kind of closer to volume than to net revenues. So it will depend again upon the market conditions. But we do expect it to grow. We are looking at same outlook as we had at the beginning of the year that we have pretty tight staffing for a while. And now that the market is turning and volume is growing, we do feel like we're going to have to continue to add people into the network this year.
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Great. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ed Wolfe with Wolfe Trahan.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: Thanks. Just a follow up to Tom's question on headcount. If headcount is going to grow give or take over time similar with volume, then I would think in a period where your net revenue is growing much faster than your volume, there should be some leverage. We didn't see all of that leverage. You talked about rising comp costs and some of the incentive shares around that. Can you talk about how that looks going forward? Is there anything unusual in the quarter in terms of compensation and personnel cost that wouldn't go forward if you had similar earnings going forward?
John Wiehoff: Well, Chad highlighted in his comments the variant solely attributable to the restricted stock vesting. But remember that in all of our core cash compensation variable pay programs that those are based on profitability as well too. So our core bonuses as well as our growth pools, whenever our profitability grows faster like it did this quarter compared to last year, you're going to see higher personnel costs. So in addition to the restricted stock numbers that Chad gave, there is just a typical variance of increased personnel costs when we grow at a faster rate. We talked in the third and fourth quarter of last year that as our growth rate and earnings started to accelerate, we did have much more meaningful restricted stock and compensation charges for growth pools and others in those periods. So as 2011 wears on, if our earnings growth stays constant, we will have quite a bit different comparisons from a growth standpoint.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: So the restricted stock impact, I get the profitability changes the amount that you pay out in compensation. But what I'm trying to understand is would the restricted grants be similar in second and third quarter assuming similar growth rate of earnings?
John Wiehoff: Yes, the charge would be consistent and it would compare to different charges from last year.
Chad Lindbloom: Right. If our growth rates stayed exactly the same in each quarter, the expense would be very similar. There's others fluctuations that happen. There's stuff in equity expense things like employee stock purchase programs and we have some time-based vesting, and we have some fully vested awards. But when you look at the core driver of the expense, the expense would be identical. If nobody quit, too. And on the leverage question, Ed, if you look at our restricted stock or our total stock-based compensation expense as a percent of net revenue, it's 3.2% this year, and it was only 1.4% last year, so even excluding those other plans that accelerate when earnings growth rate accelerates, the cash plans and the profit-sharing plans and things like that, even excluding the impact of those, our personnel expenses as a percentage of net revenue, did show leverage, excluding the things that are purely driven by volume.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: That's fair. How about branches? I see you're down 3 year-over-year. Is there any plans to increase those, or is that a pretty set number for a while?
John Wiehoff: We do have plans to continue to open offices and to grow. The down 3 year-over-year was from some consolidation of branches in previous quarters. We actually added 1 during the quarter. We added an office in Sweden, in Gutenberg, Sweden, that will be part of the European team. So we do you plan to continue to open more offices as this year progresses, and we did add 1 during the current quarter.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: And directionally relative to a year ago, would you say you have more business that's transactional relative to contractual, or less?
John Wiehoff: That's a tough question because it gets into that fuzzy definition between the 2. We focus a lot on the pricing elements of what's contractual and what's transactional. And because we're doing a lot of business with our existing customers, a decent percentage of the volume is prepriced. However, as you can imagine there's a lot fewer bids in the marketplace today than there was over the last couple of years because of market conditions and pricing. So it feels like -- because we're doing more business with existing customers, and we have relationships in place that are a portion of contractual or prepriced business is still fairly high.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: I'm not sure what I just heard, or are you -- it sounds like you're saying it's similar depending on how you define it?
John Wiehoff: Yes. As we've always talked, Ed, transactional to contractual is a continuum of relationships. We have bids, we have route guides and pricing in place with our existing customers, and we have anticipated volumes with those current customers. For many of them, we're taking more volume than was originally planned, and a lot of that would probably be at the prepriced rates so that a higher percentage of the freight would be moving around bid prices or set Route guides or contractual type pricing arrangements as opposed to pure daily quoting or transactional pricing.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: Last question. Fuel, when fuel is rising as fast as it was, it can be a benefit for your business. It can also be a negative. How was it for you in the quarter as you see it?
John Wiehoff: I think on the Truckload piece, it's probably pretty neutral on the biggest category, because it adjusts pretty fluidly. In the Intermodal, Air, Ocean, LTL, where pricing is a little bit more steady, we probably benefit a little bit on the way up because just the timing of when the surcharges would correct or adjust. So since Truckload is such a big portion of our business, we feel like that passes through fairly timely and fairly clean.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: Thanks for all the time. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I just kind of wanted to talk a little bit on the strategic side, John, if you could maybe share with us a little bit of your discussions with some of your customers as certainly Intermodal and moving brow [ph] And trying to save money as fuel prices rise. It would seem to me that you're in a great position to provide those multimodal solutions for customers. I know access to containers have been an issue in the past. But could you talk a little bit about the discussions with customers and kind of where that business is going or opportunities?
Chad Lindbloom: Yes. I think you summed it up well, Nate. We do feel like 1 of our unique capabilities is multimodal solutions where we can help a customer take advantage of savings when they're available, but have the safety net of Truck capability for anything that needs to be done. As you have mentioned over the last couple of years, there's been some times where access to boxes and access to capacity has been a limiter as to how much we could take advantage of that and offer it up as a cost-saving alternative and some of that multimodal freight. We do feel pretty good that in our relationships with our carriers that there is more equipment coming into the marketplace that we're going to have access to, and that customers will want to continue to take advantage of some of the cost savings and efficiency opportunities that can happen with Intermodal. So while our volumes haven't grown a lot in the last couple of years, it is definitely our long-term strategy to grow those volumes. And we're having discussions selling, working with our customers and planning with our providers to make sure that we've got incremental access to grow the business.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Thank you for that. And then another kind of strategic idea, Europe's been something that seems to have been an opportunity for a long time, but hasn't really necessarily picked up. In talking to some relationships over there, it seems like some larger companies are now beginning to outsource. It seems like the network is starting to get to be there to kind of come your way a little bit more rapidly than in history. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about what you're seeing there and if you're seeing some more opportunities?
Chad Lindbloom: Yes, so I talked earlier about the outsourced solutions approach, where we're talking to customers about different types of solutions that involve kind of more dependency, more automation, generally multimodal type stuff. And we are definitely pursuing those across Europe as well too. We've been doing business in Europe for about 20 years. I think in 1 of the messages that we've continued to emphasize is that we're growing our business, mostly organic, and we're trying to build it from the bottom-up with long term relationships and adding capacity and adding things very deliberately to make sure that we have high-quality service and we can build on that foundation. So we've continued to feel good about the rate of expansion and the adding of services. Europe has, to us, has always felt like it's been reasonably conducive to customers looking at outsource activities, at least as much as those in the U.S. would. It's been maybe more that we didn't have the network or the breadth of capabilities to offer them the way we are today. But we've got some nice new accounts in the last couple of years around our TMC model in Europe, where we're selling process-oriented solutions and focusing in on the outsourced type stuff. So it's a two-pronged strategy of growing our service capabilities and growing our network of offices, along with just like what we're doing in North America, to tie those together in aggregate solutions into kind of more comprehensive value-added programs for the customers that want to go in that direction with us.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Barnes with RBC Capital Markets.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Could you talk a little bit about -- are you seeing any pressure on your carrier group with the rising fuel costs and the like? I know the rates have gotten better, volumes have gotten better since the last time we saw a spike in fuel, but have you noticed any uptick in carriers taking advantage of any Quick Pay programs that you may offer or something like that versus what they might've done in the last year when fuel prices were a little bit more benign?
Chad Lindbloom: We really this quarter haven't seen any significant pick up in the percentage of loads that are paid through Quick Pay. So I haven't really seen it yet. Again, but they never really came back down from when they spiked in 2008. And overall, on the capacity side, it feels like maybe some of the really difficult times around bankruptcies and profitability are starting to distance a little bit on the motor carrier side. But the difficult question still is who has the confidence to add capacity or order new equipment. And those answers seem to still be pretty mixed, that there are some who are investing and how much of it is replacement equipment and how much of it is truly incremental equipment, and there are still quite a number of carriers who say they're not adding, that they want to really improve yields and profitability first. So the overall environment, the price increases are obviously a positive thing. Many of the carriers have talked about how the fuel surcharges in the short-term really don't cover their incremental fuel costs because of the empty miles that they're only collecting fuel surcharges on the loaded miles, so that they have to kind of work through a cycle in order to adjust their rates and stuff to correct that. So maybe some of the price increases in fuel stuff doesn't come through quite as quickly. But overall, probably a little less financial churn and a little more financial health in the carrier community than a year or 2 ago.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Thanks for that color. And then 1 other question on -- just a follow up on your comments earlier about the customer base seemed to be more accepting of rate increases and understanding of how tight capacity has gotten. Have you seen any change and maybe some other type of potential shipper behavior, where maybe they're more accepting of a company offering your services more than a non-asset based company coming in and bidding on their business that maybe weren't doing business with a broker before? Or have you really not seen any change in that kind of behavior?
John Wiehoff: We do feel like there's a longer-term trend. I wouldn't say there's anything radical in this quarter or the last couple of quarters. But if you look back compared to 10 years ago, we do feel like there's a very clear longer-term trend of shippers across the board, understanding our business model better, understanding third-party logistics better. All the different hybrids of business models and how you control quality and how you commit to things. We definitely feel like third-party industry and our business model has been gaining share and gaining confidence for quite some period of time. We do feel like the recession in general probably accelerated some of those trends a little bit over the last couple of years. So that's a longer-term trend for us. In the short-term. What we've always talked about is that when the market starts to move 1 way or the other, it really takes service failures or kind of stress in the market wherein really in order to move pricing and in the last half of last year, there was freight that didn't move on the day that it was planned to, and you saw route guide depths start to go a little bit deeper and a lot of discussion in the industry about rule changes and OEMs and ordering new trucks and all the rest of that stuff that I think combined, brought most shippers into 2011 fairly aware of the market conditions and fairly open-minded about what they needed to do to get the right access to capacity.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Thanks for the color, guys. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Brand with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Alexander Brand - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: I want to follow up on Ed's question on the margin. With respect to other G&A, which I think if I back out the litigation, it was down about 100 basis points year-over-year. Is that something that is sustainable that you can create some leverage off of as well?
Chad Lindbloom: Yes. There's really nothing else unusual in there. There are expenses that do fluctuate. Things like bad debt expense and others that are very hard to predict. But there is nothing significantly unusual within the quarter. So if the growth rates stay where they are, yes, that's possible that, that leverage could sustain itself.
Alexander Brand - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And I'm going to try this again, Chad, even though it sounds like you don't want to answer this question. But there was no acceleration in the volume growth late in the quarter. And I feel like in the past, you guys have talked about how that volume growth trend looks into the current quarter first few weeks. No color on that?
Chad Lindbloom: There is no further color on that other than what was in previous questions, which is yes, that is true that a few quarters ago and previous to that, when there was extreme volatility month-to-month within the quarter, we felt that was important to let you know. We don't see extreme volatility. We're probably going to go back to the way we used to be and just talk about the current quarter and its entirety and reduce the amount that we talk about the first month of the quarter, the first part of the first month of the quarter.
Alexander Brand - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: That's no good, we can't do less?
Chad Lindbloom: We're going back to what we always did.
John Wiehoff: There's a lot of reasons for that. Chad mentioned though when there's less volatility in addition when we're in a month like this, the Easter holiday is different there's a difference in business days. There's just a lot of things that we worry about the additional commentary not necessarily being helpful unless there's a clear trend that has taken it 1 way or the other.
Alexander Brand - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And just on the bigger picture question, kind of along the lines of John's last question there, when the capacity's tight -- I mean, I think you hear a lot of questions where we're all concerned about whether you get squeezed on gross margin, but do you guys think about it differently from that? And what I mean by that is are you going to the market and saying, "Look, we have scale and can offer capacity that maybe others can't offer." And so this is really more of an opportunity scenario than a risk scenario.
John Wiehoff: I mean, we do, do that. We certainly sell our scale and our capabilities to do things that we feel that most others can't in the marketplace. But as I mentioned earlier, even like account by account, every day, we lose money on transactions, and there's a wide variety of the types of relationships and the types of margins that we have. And there can be situations with customers where we're working our way in and developing the relationship and accepting low margins or even occasionally losing money on shipments to help them get through a difficult time or to prove our wares to somebody on what we're doing. That's why I, in the prepared comments, talk a little bit about it has a lot to do with each relationship and each account manager of ours has to make those individual decisions around what commitment we have to that customer and what the expectations were and how the marketplace is changing. And at times, you take more volume and less margin and then other times, you adjust to the pricing so that you can have more assured capacity and not have a high degree of service failures and as much transactional tension in the marketplace. So when I look at it, I look at our network and I look at our results, and I say what I learned from it is that our customers saw the tightening coming, and they were prepared for it, and they wanted to make sure that they got access, first access to the capacity that's out there. And our pricing moved with the market pricing and we were able to provide meaningful amounts of additional capacity to our current customers. And we and they were both happy. And that could change in future periods depending upon just how tight the marketplace gets or how our customers react. And again, that's a generalization. There are customers out there that we did less volume with in the first quarter of this year than last year because they had different pricing expectations, and we couldn't service their needs at those price expectations. So it's a combination of all those individual account management decisions and adjusting to the market conditions based upon what we've built in that relationship.
Alexander Brand - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good color, John, I appreciate your time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Malat with Goldman Sachs.
Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I just had a quick follow-up question. I know a few people have asked on this, maybe I missed it. I just wanted some help how do I think about employee productivity. You said headcount moves up with the volumes and implies that employee productivity remains pretty flat. Is that a good way to think about it? Or just as you ramp up the hiring, should we get a little of dislocation around there, just as they get up to speed?
John Wiehoff: When you look at it overall, and as we ramp up, I think it's really hard to exactly predict. But in theory, yes. We'll add people and then it will take them a while to become fully productive. But when there's constantly different levels of freight, it's really hard to know because people will go and put extra hours in if there's more freight available to move because they're paid on incentives. But overall, there's going to be some fluctuations in that. But overall, it should move pretty close to the same, and hopefully gain a little leverage on headcount over time as we continue to invest in systems and other things to make people more productive.
Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: All right. That's helpful. And then aside from the productivity improvements, you kind of indicated that your productivity levels were higher than normal and we could see just some slowing in previous calls. I'm just trying to understand, I guess, you'll get improvement over time. We should expect some productivity improvements? But just in the nearer term, does it come off of high levels also?
John Wiehoff: In the shorter term, what you're going to see, like we talked earlier is that we are hiring, we are adding people to the network so that if our volume growth continues during the year, we do expect to continue to see incremental headcount for each of the next several quarters as we grow through that. We talked earlier about the leverage that we get by margin expansion and how our total personnel costs are up because of the variable accruals around restricted stock and growth pools. But that our actual headcount year-over-year and our transaction growth year-over-year in the first quarter was fairly consistent, kind of mid-single digits. And that while the last couple of years, we've been able to grow volume, but the headcount we don't see that happening in 2011. That as we grow the business, we're at a point where we're going to be putting more people into the network going forward.
Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: That's helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Justin Yagerman with Deutsche Bank.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: I just wanted to dot an I, cross a T here. The charge in the quarter that's onetime in nature, operationally feels like a $0.61 quarter. Is that how you guys are looking at this?
Chad Lindbloom: We just wanted to make sure everybody understood the charge was there. You're right that these legal settlements are pretty infrequent.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: When I look at the quarter, I guess, trying to get a sense of the way that things are progressing here from a business model standpoint, it sounds like maybe transactional volumes in the quarter weren't as robust as maybe could have been, obviously weather and some of the other issues that we've been talked about were impacting there. As we look out, I mean, I guess, 1 of my questions is around the West Coast and whether or not you're seeing a lack of activity there. We've heard that from a number of different carriers. And whether or not you guys are seeing that pickup or expect to see that pickup in the quarter and if that could be something that drives an increase in the transactional market for you guys looking out at second quarter.
John Wiehoff: We did, during the first quarter, see some more softness in the West Coast and some of the West Coast lanes and there wasn't an east. I think I commented specifically around the Intermodal variations and in some of our offices out there was not quite the same tightness. As far as how that will be going forward, it's very difficult to predict. If the long-haul West Coast stuff, especially in the summertime, in refrigerated freight, it can drive some very transactional type services that can have a lot of different margin attributes and a lot of different service stuff too, but it really can vary year to year depending upon those market conditions.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: Last year, if I'm right I mean, second quarter you guys did see a big surge in transactional volumes and that was around the time that we saw West Coast volumes really pickup. Obviously, there was a different mood around container availability and worries around about peak season surcharges. But I mean, as we see that ramp, I guess that was kind of what I was thinking about.
John Wiehoff: Yes last year, in both the first 2 quarters, we had very easy comparisons from a volume standpoint coming off the depths of the recession. So while we had very good volume growth last year, some of it was not at very good margins as we go through a tighter market like this, there may be those incremental transactional opportunities. But we're also, like I've described several times, making sure that we've got the business priced right to get the capacity in the marketplace and give it to the customers that are able to plan for it and price it properly.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: So right now it sounds like the real focus, I mean, just looking at the margin performance in that quarter, yield optimization sounds like the word of the day right now, I mean, in terms of margin optimization?
John Wiehoff: I would say that's always our objective kind of how it works out between price and volume probably has more to do with how the customers and capacity react in the marketplace. And that again why I mentioned it several times that our results tend to be the aggregate combination of how our network and how our customers reacted to the market conditions and what kind of price increases were tolerated, and what we saw first quarter over first quarter is that our customers, carriers and network reacted fairly consistently in terms of moving prices upward.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: John, in your prepared remarks, you mentioned something that was driving LTL volumes in terms of more automated services, I think. Can you talk a little bit about that, and where you are in the process?
John Wiehoff: Sure. We've had probably for the better part of 10 years now pretty good growth in our LTL and in the beginning of that or so a lot of it was just expanding our relationships and our service capabilities and our internal processes around selling it and bringing it to the marketplace. Over the last couple of years, as we've gotten more into these outsourced solutions and kind of process management through the recession and in this year, there are a fair number of medium sized or larger LTL shippers that in the past, would use multiple providers or not have as good a processes as we believe we can help them with. And when we go out and talk about how you route freight, how you automate with the carriers, how you build loads or consolidate, that a lot of the growth in our LTL stuff has come from significant volumes from customers that are giving us more of a single source or outsourced solution type opportunities. So it's been a longer period of time, 10 years or more, where we've been increasing our competency in growing that mode and taking market share pretty nicely. And now the last couple of years, it's more about an integrated process with a lot more technology and more relationships where we're handling all of their LTL freight.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: Sounds like that's more of an enterprise sale in terms of like a one-off. What's the pipeline look like in terms of that market really within a switch over to Truckload the way that there's been an adoption of the broker model there?
John Wiehoff: From a longer-term standpoint, we believe that as companies continue to focus on supply chain efficiencies and get more and more acceptance of 3PLs and trust in our business model that there's really good long-term growth support there. And that's why we continue to say we feel like we can sustain our long-term growth goals and that there's good momentum around those opportunities. There's no question that we've increased our operational capabilities and our systems capability over the last 3 or 4 years, where the solutions that we can offer today are a lot different than what they were 5 years ago, and hopefully that added capability on our part is adding to some of the growth.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: As carriers are yield optimizing in that market, has there been more or less challenging than the Truckload market for you?
John Wiehoff: Probably as much price volatility as there has been any of the modes and services that we deal in. so in the depth of the recession, there was some very aggressive price cutting, and market shares and now that, there's network rationalizations and a much greater focus on efficiency and profit improvement, you see a lot greater change. So I think some of the industry volatility and variances by provider and that price volatility has probably helped us sell the value part of the single source or the process solution, because it's not so simple to go to the marketplace and just do a stagnant bid anymore. Things are moving around on you, and the price difference from the service difference from 1 provider to another might be greater than it's been in the past. And I think that contributes to the value that we can add in some of these relationships.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: Last question, I'll turn it over to someone else. You've got $360 million of cash. You're up significantly year-over-year. You did buy back shares in the quarter, and I know you guys like to keep a healthy amount of working cap. But thoughts on acquisitions or special dividends or buybacks in excess of what you're doing right now?
John Wiehoff: We continue to look pretty aggressively. Our first preference is always to try to find ways that we can invest organic growth or look at acquisitions to try to grow the business. The dividend practices are pretty set. I don't think our payout ratio will probably stay generally where it's been. And then the share repurchases are the plug as Chad described many times. So the core question in all of that from my point of view is, will we find any opportunities to invest in acquisitions, and kind of use some of that capital to expand our network. And we found overtime that we've had periods of time where we hit a few and get real successful, and then it just feels like we haven't had success for a while here. But we're out there looking, and hopefully, we'll find a good investment for the shareholders.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: Thanks for the time. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Ken Hoexter with Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch: On the cost of capacity, it was up about 6%. And John, you talked about how net margins got, I guess, squeezed a bit from 16 7 down to 16 5 from the fourth quarter, but you also talked about that the fears and tightening in the market. The cost of capacity was up only 6%, down from 8% last quarter. So what would be the rationale for seeing that slow on the cost side?
Chad Lindbloom: Well, that's comparing year-over-year versus sequential. So a lot of it has to do with what happened between the fourth quarter of '09 and the first quarter of '10.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch: So can you give a sequential?
John Wiehoff: I don't have every quarter in front of me, but It would -- I guess, the price changes were in the Qs back then, I just don't have it here with me.
John Wiehoff: I don't think the sequential changes from fourth quarter to first quarter are all that helpful because of some of the seasonal variances that we see each year. We tend to focus on the year-over-year stuff to get a better price comparison gauge.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch: Right. I guess, I'm just surprised that -- so you're seeing the -- or is pace picking up do you think on the cost side? I mean, is that fitting with your thesis that the market is tightening that much that you saw continued pressure on it? Or I guess, this is just the first quarter?
John Wiehoff: Yes. It feels like for the last several quarters, that year-over-year price increases have been pretty meaningful mid- to high-single digits, and that's reflective of a tightening market and the fact that shippers are understanding that they've got to allow some rate increases in order to get their freight moved the way they want to.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then lastly, just so I understand, the LTL shipment, I think you were just alluding to this, but you saw some significant acceleration there. Was there a driving factor causing that acceleration?
John Wiehoff: It's a combination of things I spoke of earlier where we certainly believe that our execution and our operational capability and our systems and stuff are much better than they were 3 or 5 years ago. And then the outsourced solutions activity that I referenced a couple of times around where we're bringing multimodal, more integrated, automated type things, probably have all helped to our growth in that mode to be able to have more ways that we can add more value to the customers.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch: It's not something like that just as YRC continues to trickle along that you're seeing more shifting of businesses, it's actually...
John Wiehoff: No. Nothing to any 1 specific carrier for sure. I did mention earlier that price and service volatility across the industry probably has led to a little bit greater acceptance of how a company like us can add value in the LTL world because just single sourcing with 1 provider is a little bit probably more challenging to do today around the service variances and price variances. So working with somebody like us who can help route the freight to the best network a little bit more fluidly and better understand the market condition, probably means more today than it did 2 or 3 years ago.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch: Makes a lot of sense. I appreciate the time. Thanks.
Angela Freeman: We're sorry, but we're out of time. So that would have to be our last question. We apologize we didn't get to all of you today.  Thank you for participating in our first quarter 2011 conference call. This call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the C.H. Robinson website at chrobinson.com.  It will also be available by dialing (800) 406-7325 and entering the passcode 4432022#. The replay should be available at about 7:00 p.m. Eastern Time today. If you have additional questions, please call me, Angie Freeman, at (952) 937-7847. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ma'am. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you very much for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Angela Freeman - Vice President of Investor Relations and Public Affairs Chad Lindbloom - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President John Wiehoff - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: William Greene - Morgan Stanley Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co H. Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Christopher Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns Jason Seidl - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC Scott Flower - Macquarie Research Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc. Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2010 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I'll turn the conference over to Angie Freeman, C.H. Robinson Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Freeman.
Angela Freeman: Thank you. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, CEO; and Chad Lindbloom, Senior Vice President and CFO. John and Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our fourth quarter and full year performance and we will follow that with a question-and-answer session.  [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind you that any comments made by John, Chad or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. With that, I'll turn the call over to John.
John Wiehoff: Thank you, Angie, and thanks to everybody who's taking the time to listen to our fourth quarter conference call. About an hour ago, we issued a press release sharing our fourth quarter results for 2010. I'm going to start by highlighting just a few of the key financial results on that release. For our fourth quarter ended December 31, 2010, our total revenues increased 15.8% to $2.3 billion. Net revenues increased 14.5% to $388 million. Income from operations increased 14.9% to $164 million. Net income increased 17.6% to $103 million and fully diluted EPS increased 19.2% to $0.62 per share. The similar metrics for the year-to-date results ended December 31, 2010, total revenues increased 22.4% to $9.3 billion. Net revenues increased 6.2% to $1.5 billion. Income from operations increased 6.5% to $622.9 million. Net income increased 7.3% to $387 million. Fully diluted EPS for the year increased 9.4% to $2.33 per share. In addition to these overall financial metrics, our press release gives more detail growth percentages by our various service offerings. As Angie said, consistent with the past, we'll share some prepared comments and then open up for questions. So the fourth quarter of 2010 was the first time in a couple of years where we were able to achieve our long-term growth target of 15% in most of our key metrics. I think it's very helpful to summarize the past couple of years in our performance throughout the recession to better understand our current performance and our outlook going forward.  Two years ago at this time, in early 2009, we were in the peak of the great recession and experienced a meaningful volume declines in most all of our service offerings. Throughout 2009, volume growth was extremely challenging for us. We were able to grind through 2009 with a modest earnings increase. The things we highlighted throughout 2009 that enabled us to grow our earnings despite the really difficult market condition were the following: Aggressively selling and going after market share; using our strong balance sheet to absorb increased working capital needs on both the shipper and carrier side; benefiting from meaningful gross margin expansion due to the typical fluctuations in our business model; our variable cost compensation structure that keeps our operating cost flexible; and rightsizing our network where appropriate to adjust to market conditions. Between a year ago at this time and early 2010, while we were feeling better about improving market conditions, we knew that throughout 2010 we would be comparing to the very high gross margins of 2009 and that achieving our long-term growth targets would remain more challenging. Throughout 2010, we were able to grow our volumes in virtually all of our services as we continued selling and market conditions continue to recover.  Gross margin comparisons did make earnings growth more challenging this year, but we were able to finish with a strong fourth quarter and 9% EPS growth for the year. The past couple of years, we discussed a lot about how our gross margins fluctuate for a variety of reasons and how we accept that as part of our business model. Overall, we're happy with our results for 2010. The recession was challenging for all of us and the past two years and have tested our business model in new ways. We're very proud that we were able to manage through the recession with an earnings increase in each of the past two years. We think that's a pretty visible statement about our business model and our execution discipline.  When we analyze our results for 2010, we would highlight the following things as key contributors to our continued success: The continued acceptance and growth of third-party logistics in our business model; our expansion of services and strengthening our global network of resources; having the best people in a variable performance-based compensation system; and significant focus on automating our processes and driving productivity improvements. Those are some the thoughts on our overall performance and results. And now I'll transition to some more specific comments of some of our service offerings. Starting with Transportation Services, for the fourth quarter of 2010, our Truckload Transportation volume increased by roughly 9%. Truckload pricing for the fourth quarter compared to the fourth quarter last year was up approximately 8% versus a year ago, excluding the estimated impact of fuel. Our truckload pricing stayed relatively flat sequentially from the third quarter to the fourth this year. The economic recovery and increase in Truckload demand relative to a year ago resulted in higher prices this year.  Within our truckload services, the primary to topics of discussion with our customers continues to be the uncertainty of impacts going forward around regulations like CSA, hours of service and others and how the capacity site adjust if demand continues to grow during 2011. Determining pricing strategies for 2011 is as challenging as ever given the increased volatility in demand and uncertainty in the supply of trucks. We continue to promote our quality control procedures and flexible broad access to capacities as being more relevant to our customers. For the LTL component of our truck revenues, our volume increased by 11%. Pricing comparisons are more difficult to quantify given that all the variations in the tariffs that we used, however LTL pricing has generally increased versus a year ago as well. The significant changes in the LTL industry landscape the past couple of years have also created a pretty high degree of change as we head into 2011. Network rationalizations and changes by the industry leaders, along with the lack of industry-wide profitability in recent years is also driving the potential for meaningful price increases heading into 2011. Intermodal. Intermodal net revenues for the quarter grew 9%. Our Intermodal volumes for the quarter were roughly flat. Capacity constraints did continue to limit our ability to grow Intermodal volumes during the fourth quarter. We discussed last quarter that we have made a two-year commitment for 300 containers to expand our access to boxes. We did expand that commitment by 50 more containers during the fourth quarter of 2010. Our longer-term strategy remains focused on being the best Intermodal marketing company and servicing our customers, but we do continue to look for ways to ensure that we can meet the growing demand for Intermodal services in the marketplace and ensure capacity access, while retaining a more neutral balance that we believe helps us to better provide our customer service. Global Forwarding, both our International Air and Ocean volumes increased significantly during the quarter. While much of this growth was driven by the overall recovery in the global freight markets, we do believe that our global network and service capabilities continue to strengthen and improve our participation in these markets. We will continue to invest in expanding our network and improving our global capabilities. Gross margins. I discussed earlier the significant gross margin fluctuations in the past couple of years. Our Transportation gross margins in the fourth quarter were 17.6% compared to 18.3% in the fourth quarter last year. Over the past several years, we've discussed our pricing approach and how gross margins will naturally fluctuate for many reasons, including supply and demand fluctuations, fuel prices, mode mix and timing lags and price adjustments to customers and carriers. We view the fluctuations in gross margin as a normal part of our business model, and we continue to feel confident in our approach towards adjusting to the market conditions. I think it's important to note that while we cycle through the challenging comparisons from the gross margins at the high end of the range, the current quarter gross margin of 17.6% is in the middle of the range for gross margins for the past five years. Our other logistics services, net revenues includes our Transportation management fees, customs brokerage fees, as well as other fee-based revenue from expanding our service offerings. We continue to focus on account management practices and integrating services. The growth in these services continues to be strong, and is reflective of our strategy to expand services and our relationships with shippers, as well as the demand in the marketplace to improve processes and analytics. Sourcing. As discussed in our press release, our Sourcing net revenues for the quarter decreased by 4%. We've discussed on past calls that our largest Sourcing customer, Wal-Mart, has a very comprehensive global sourcing initiative in process that's impacting our relationship. Their global sourcing realignment has resulted in lost business for us. There's really not anything new for us to add to our past comments. We continue to work through the transition with them and look for new ways to grow with them, but we do expect to continue to experience declines in volume and net revenue until the transition is complete later this year. There's some new and exciting growth in our Sourcing division that's also driving new revenues for our Transportation Services, and we remain very positive about the longer-term opportunities to create value with our Sourcing services. Information Services. Our Information Services revenue consists entirely of our income related to our wholly-owned subsidiary, T-Chek. T-Chek finished this strong year with a good fourth quarter. Volume growth increased fuel prices and expanding services were the growth drivers. Moving to our operating expenses. Our operating expense increased to 14.1% for the fourth quarter consists primarily of personnel cost increases. While we did add to our team and headcount versus a year ago, the largest portion of the increase is driven by the improvements in earnings and how our performance-based compensation plans work. Chad will comment more on that in his remarks.  Our employees have worked hard the past few years and the increase in rewards for the strong quarter are a very positive thing for our culture and future growth. Our year-to-date personal costs reflect the variable discipline of the business.  I'll finish my prepared thoughts with some comments about 2011 and our longer-term outlook for the future. To start, we continue to believe that third-party logistics in our business model have good momentum and increasing relevance in the marketplace. The recession has been tough, but one of the good outcomes for us is an even greater focus on things like productivity, competitive logistics, low inventories, cost savings, et cetera, that are helping to drive opportunities in our industry. While the increased opportunity is driving increased expectations and competition, we think we have a good long-term growth opportunity and our long-range plans continue to validate our long-term growth goal of 15%. We obviously need to continue to execute at a high level to achieve it, but we believe the opportunity is there and we're well-positioned to go after it.  Our long-term growth goals are basically in three categories: To take market share; to innovate and add new services; and lastly, to expand globally. We're confident of good growth opportunities in each of those categories. Some shorter term thoughts with regards to 2011 that I'll share. All of the reasons we haven't given qualified short-term guidance in the past are more true than ever. The demand and supply variables are more volatile in most of our services, forecasting is tough and everybody's adjusting quicker to the changing market conditions.  Transportation gross margins for the year of 2010 were around the middle of the range for the past five years. While we don't know how market conditions will change, we do know we don't have the high-end comparisons to go up like we did for most of 2010. We know heading into 2011 that our productivity metrics are generally at the high-end of our ranges. We do expect to add people as we grow. We also know that cost associated with our variable incentive plans will increase if we're successful in growing our earnings. We also know that we have better net revenue growth momentum starting 2011 than we've had the past couple of years. January is generally the slowest month of the year, and our market, especially the Truckload market, can change quickly as demand increases in the spring, especially with the uncertainties towards capacity additions.  I would sum up my comments by saying that we're proud of 2010 and especially proud that we made it through the past two years without breaking our streak of annual earnings increases. We continue to have confidence in our long-term growth goals, and we have good momentum starting 2011 though market uncertainty is high.  Thank you. Those are my prepared comments and I'll turn it over to Chad for his.
Chad Lindbloom: Thanks, John. I'm going to give some comments on our personnel expenses, income taxes, balance sheet and cash flow statement.  Our personnel expense increased to 43.6% of net revenues in the fourth quarter of 2010 compared to 42.4% last year's fourth quarter. This increase was primarily the result of an increase in our restricted stock expense. Our stock-based compensation expense was $14.5 million for the quarter compared to $4.1 million for the fourth quarter of 2009.  The majority of our stock-based compensation expense was driven by the vesting of our performance-based restricted stock awards. The vesting of these awards is based on our earnings growth rate. Each quarter, we accrue based on the year-to-date growth in earnings. When earnings growth rate increases throughout the year as it did in 2010, the expense accelerates throughout the year as well.  For the year, our stock-based compensation expense was $37.1 million compared to $21.3 million in 2009. This increase was driven primarily by a 13% vesting of our performance-based restricted stock in 2010 compared to 7% in 2009. Moving on to our income taxes. Our effective income tax rate was 37.2% for the fourth quarter of 2010 compared to 38.8% in 2009. This unusually low rate was driven by reversing reserves for two uncertain foreign tax positions. The needs for these reserves were eliminated by a favorable audit outcome and the expiration of a statute of limitation. We expect our tax rates to fluctuate in the future between 38% and 38.5%, excluding unusual items such as these. Moving on to our balance sheet. Our balance sheet remained strong with cash and investments of $408 million. We had a very strong cash flow quarter as we usually do in the fourth quarter. Our investment and working capital decreased compared to the end of the third quarter, which is normal as volumes drop off late in the year. It's important to remember that approximately $85 million of cash will be used early in the first quarter to pay our accrued bonuses and profit-sharing. Our net cap CapEx for the quarter including capitalized software was $7 million. This includes continued investments in our international forwarding and T-Chek systems. We expect our CapEx, including our continued increased investment in capitalized software to be approximately $40 million during 2011.  We have discussed in the past our strategy of using share repurchases as a variable way to return excess capital to our shareholders. Our capital strategy has remained consistent. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 544,580 shares at an average price of $75.29.  That concludes our prepared remarks, and we will now begin the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Ed Wolfe with Wolfe Trahan & Co.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: Would you mind taking us through from a gross yield perspective on the Truck side the last couple of quarters? If I look at the $17.6 million Transportation yield in fourth quarter, it's up from $16.6 million in the third quarter and $15.8 million second quarter. What's driving that change? And as we get through, what should be a seasonally slower first quarter, fuel is up but there should be more capacity. How should we think about it?
John Wiehoff: The challenging part of that, Ed, is I rattled off the four or five key variables that impacted. Some of it is typical seasonal fluctuation where different times of the year, the margins will trend. I have in front of me a schedule from the last 10 years, which is all public information around the margins and how they vary from quarter-to-quarter. And it's really challenging to find patterns from it. When you look at supply and demand variations, as well as looking at it quarterly, it's really difficult to predict where it's going to go.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: Not so much predict, but for instance, you said pricing was up 8% pretty steady with third quarter and fourth quarter. But the gross yield expanded 100 basis points. Can you talk to why that would happen in this fourth quarter relative to third quarter?
John Wiehoff: Well, from an overall standpoint, what we talked about last year and throughout 2009, as the market was soft; we were getting a lot of volume challenges. But the pricing was going down. So this year, throughout 2010, with each quarter, you'll see more favorable price increases compared to a year ago. But the volume comparisons got more challenging as the year wore on. So throughout 2010 that those gross yields prepped up a little bit. I think it's just a combination of pricing, comparing more favorably to the previous year and our longer-term contracts having a more stable cost of hire for these last couple of quarters than when it was jumping around last year.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: And just as my second question, where are you versus a year ago in terms of commitment to your rates with your customers? In other words, how much of your business is going to be put out for bids over the next couple of quarters relative to where you were a year ago at this point?
John Wiehoff: I would say it's fairly consistent. Again, at least we look at the marketplaces that there's no real set annual cycle to it, but there's generally more activity in the beginning of the year. So a lot of shippers are in the middle of some sort of bid process. What I would say in general what happened throughout 2010 is that many shippers ended up having more volume than they plan to at the beginning of the year. So that we had a lot of customer relationships where we ended up with incremental volume relative to what was awarded during a bid at the beginning of 2010. So what a lot of shippers are sorting through now and what we're in the middle of with a lot of our customers is looking at who performed on the freight and what the metrics were throughout 2010 and what are appropriate bid allocations for 2011. Depending upon how the market condition works, to us, the bid allocations or the bid awards are one interesting step in the process. But then it's almost more relevant to us as to how the market compares to what everybody was anticipating and whether the freight is generally being routed along those bid awards or there's a lot more freight or a lot less freight. So we're in the midst of it right now just like we always are this time of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Flower with Macquarie Securities (sic) [Research].
Scott Flower - Macquarie Research: Wondered if you could give us some flavor for what impact you've seen in terms of your carrier base with CSA 2010 and the scoring it may not be real-time in terms people dropping drivers up. I'm just wondering what you've preliminary seen and how this has impacted, how you see your carrier development efforts in the next year.
John Wiehoff: So in our press release, a couple of key metrics that we disclosed and update once a year are the active customer IDs and the active carrier IDs and those disclosed in our press release were 36,000 customer IDs and 49,000 transport providers. I believe the customer number is up 1,000 from a year ago and the carrier number is up 2,000 from a year ago. And the way we've always approached it is that each quarter, we are signing up -- there's a little bit of churn in each of those and each quarter, we're signing up thousands of new on each side and there's unfortunately some that drop off for a variety of reasons. Throughout 2010, we were able to grow our active carrier base. There's certainly been some element of all the carriers, understanding the new rules and kind of preparing for compliance and looking at the stuff. I'm sure there'll be some continued transition throughout 2011 as the rules become effective and everybody works to comply with them. The way we look at it, I guess, is that it could have some degree of accentuated churn or a little bit of contraction on that universe of carriers that are out there. But we don't see it as being a unique variable that we're really going to ever be able to isolate or believe that it will have a sort of uniquely material impact on what we do.
Scott Flower - Macquarie Research: And then I guess the other question and obviously, you've added some commitment to boxes. But obviously if you look at the last several years, Intermodal hasn't grown on a net revenue basis as the other modes have, and it's got some unique characteristics. I'm just wondering how do you see Intermodal perspectively as part of your portfolio? Do you want it to be a sort of an alternative, but not necessarily something you want to be too big in? Is it something that, as the world gets a little bit of a tighter in capacity overall and shippers perhaps looking at our middle more that you want to be a bit bigger than you've been in the past? Help me with how you think about Intermodal prospectively.
John Wiehoff: I would say there's two lenses into that. One is us being in an Intermodal marketing company [IMC] and providing Intermodal transportation services to our customers as the transport provider working with the railroads and the traditional IMC role. That's where our growth and volume has been limited some of the last couple of years because of the access to capacity piece of it. And we're going to continue as an IMC to meet with all the railroads and talk about capacity alignment and make sure that we're making good business decisions about where we can profitably grow as a transport provider in Intermodal and aligned with the railroad business plans in the way that we think makes sense. Another lens into it though is that we are more and more providing outsourced solutions and process management solutions for a lot of the customers that we work with. And the most important thing in that area is that all of our customers get efficient access to Intermodal services if that's what's right for their freight. And we do believe that through a variety of methods and partnerships with other Intermodal providers or asset-based solutions that we can develop more and more solutions and are doing that now as part of our management services. So a growing part of our management fees and other services are involved in relationships where Intermodal is part of the solution. So when we talk about recognizing that it's a very important part of our portfolio and that we're going to make sure that we're bringing it to the right customers at the right point in time, and making sure that we're optimizing their supply chain and Transportation as good as possible, and then executing on that Intermodal freight as an IMC wherever we can most effectively do that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Seidl with Dahlman Rose.
Jason Seidl - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC: I wanted to concentrate a little bit on the capacity outlook. Because one of your competitors at a conference call earlier sounded like they had a little bit of doubts that coupler [ph] (32:52) capacity would tighten significantly in 2011. They were really targeting more for 2012. I'd love to hear your thoughts on that comment.
John Wiehoff: It's so hard to predict, and we sort of consciously stay out of that. I would say when we've looked at it and when we talk to our customers and/or talk in the industry, if you look at all the variables and all of the factors that are involved on whether or not the supply-side is going to add capacity, there is an a lot of uncertainty. There's significant rule changes that are coming or possibly coming. There's still lots of challenges around financing and equipment orders. There's the driver shortage issue, which has come and gone and is still there statistically in terms of what needs to happen. And it's really just more of question what happens with freight demand this year. And if the demand accelerates significantly during the year, we do believe that the supply side will have a more challenging time of having capacity quickly and there probably will be meaningful price increases in tight markets. But the more meaningful or volatile variable in that equation is the freight demand and what's going to happen on the truckload side. So depending upon your view and prediction of the economy and what overall freight demand will look like throughout 2011, I think that would drive your belief on how tight the market will be.
Jason Seidl - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC: If I could just switch to LTL, obviously you mentioned a meaningful price increase there as well. As know you talk to your customers out there, are they preparing themselves for significant LTL price increases here in 2011, as your carriers try to start making profits again?
John Wiehoff: Yes, I would say nobody really wants to use the word significant because everybody's freight is a little bit different and all of us are working on process improvements and other things to try to minimize what cost increases there might be. But I would say at the same time, there is pretty widespread recognition that there has been a lot of chasing of market share and a lot of very aggressive pricing in the depths of the recession. And that the industry has been losing money and that the outlook for 2011 is quite a bit different. So I would say as a general rule, yes, customers understand that prices are probably moving up, but then everybody is working to try to minimize what those increases will be.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Greene with Morgan Stanley.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: In the past, I think you've had claims against you when there was an accident on the road, and I think you fended those off pretty well. With the new CSA regulations and given that it will give a lot of the drivers and the carriers specific grades, does that suggest to you that it'll make it easier to go after brokers or for that matter, maybe shippers that use a carrier with a poor CSA ranking? How do you think about that?
Angela Freeman: Bill, this is Angie. I think the short answer to that is we don't know yet. And the big reason that we don't know any of that yet is because we're still in the early stages of CSA being rolled out. So they haven't released more information what's called the basics scores. I won't get on that but how the basic scores ultimately compute to be to roll up into safety fitness determinations, which is the ultimate safety rating of the carrier. That's not been determined and won't be, from what we hear, until at least this summer. So until that time, it's premature to speculate how that might impact overall so liability rolls around this. But in as much as we've been encouraging and hopeful that FMCSA would provide some clarity around the bright line of what is a safe carrier and an unsafe carrier, that would be helpful to that.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: And then as a follow-up, John, your comments you mentioned competition as something that you're thinking about. Were you being just sort of -- is that a generic comment? Was there something specific where you've actually seen competition in this segment rise in a material way?
John Wiehoff: I would say it's a general comment that we've been making over the last several years. And I guess, the way we look at it is the data that we have and the stuff that we read would suggest that logistics and third-party logistics are growing, and taking market share disproportionately. So the basic idea would be that as companies have taken advantage of lower-cost labor and complicated their supply chains, the spend has increased disproportionate to GDP. And third-party logistics has probably grown within the logistic spend and that we're not the only ones who understand that and see that. So that just in general, there are more companies and more dollars being invested in the space, so that competition in general is increasing. But it was nothing referencing anything specific or different in terms of how competition has been increasing as our opportunity has been.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Brooklier with Piper Jaffray.
Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies: Wanted to touch on the Sourcing business. In the quarter, gross revenue down. It was kind of flattish in third quarter. You'd indicated that one of your larger customers taking more of their Sourcing bids in-house. Maybe you could just provide a little bit more color on kind of where they are in that process, if you will, and expectations for sourcing revenue going forward?
John Wiehoff: You're right that we were down in the fourth quarter, which was definitely in the third quarter was still up slightly. The difference is that they've gotten farther along in their plans on what they are going to insource and outsource. We still are what business are going to take away from us. We still don't know the exact timing of when this will all play out, but we expect to continue to lose items and certain DCs [ph] (38:59) throughout the remainder of 2011. As far as being able to quantify the impact, we do not have that information available. Are continually changing as well as the timing.
Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies: And John, you talked to C.H. being kind of in growth mode at this point in time, you're at the high end of it in terms of the employee utilization if you will. Do you have a sense for how many hedge you want to add in '11 and kind of the timing of those employee additions?
John Wiehoff: So what we have always said from a longer-term perspective that if our long-term growth goal is 15% that with our productivity initiatives and perpetual cost improvement ideas that we would try to grow our heads at something less than that. But realistically, it would need to be double-digit growth. So when we look at 2011, again, it's very difficult to predict and we will add people as the volume and freight activities justify it. So we will add them monthly throughout the year. And then we'll adjust as the volume warrants. But we do expect that unlike the last couple of years where we started with some excess capacity and then really focused on automation and process improvement that, going forward, if we do have double-digit volume growth, that we're probably going to be adding closer to double-digit headcount increases.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Brand with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: I guess, John, I just wanted to try to get some color. I think Ed went down this road, and didn't get far. But I'm going to try again. If we think about your 7% volume growth in January, and your trend is improving on a gross margin side, is the rest of the net revenue growth -- is there a trend in gross profit per load in Truckload that accounts for most of that? Or is there something else that gets you to the mid teens?
John Wiehoff: I mean, with Truckload being such a big percentage of it, it would be a safe conclusion to draw that if our Truckload volume is up, but a significantly low number than our total net revenues, then our profit per load is out.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: And as I think about -- you guys are clearly more optimistic than I think I've heard you in a while. And as your cycle turns here in your business and you're finally past the really tough gross margin comps, how do we think about operating leverage in 2011? Does the vesting of restricted stock hurt us again too much to get leverage in '11 or do you feel like there is some upside to the operating margins?
Chad Lindbloom: The best thing on restricted stock, well, can add varying growth rates have a drag. I think when we went in to 2010, we set up our growth rate accelerates to near 15%. We could see 1.5% or 1% to 2% drag on operating income as a percent of net revenue, while we didn't get that high of a growth rate in 2010, but we did experience about a 1% drag on personnel expenses as a percent of net revenue. So, yes, if our earnings grow faster, that could create more expense as a percent of net revenues. But at the same time, even within personnel during 2010, if you back out the restricted stock expenses or the stock based compensation expenses, you will see that our personnel expenses as a percent of net revenue did decline. So I think we constantly strive for ways to leverage the business model and become more productive including those productivity initiatives that John mentioned earlier in the call and investments we’re making in technology and processes. So we do hope to gain future leverage, but the primary driver of future earnings growth will definitely be net revenues and volumes.
Operator: I think your next question comes from Jon Langenfeld from Robert W. Baird & Co.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Just building on that question, Chad, are there any plans to issue another tranche of restricted stock?
Chad Lindbloom: This year, well, during 2010, one of those, what we used to call three-year awards, is now completed, that's five years of being available to best. We did do another three-year award that has still got some time on it. But since then, we have shifted to more of an annual restricted stock award program. So as of right now, we don't expect another one of those large three-year awards, if that's what you're asking.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And then on the CapEx side, can you just talk about the need for CapEx over the next three to five years? How you're thinking about that? More on a general basis than anything specific in terms of numbers.
Chad Lindbloom: When you look at CapEx over the last couple of years or at least last year, you'll see that we did continue to invest in technology hardware, one of the biggest pieces of that, and we've often talked about our maintenance CapEx being in the neighborhood of $6 million, which is primarily technology equipment. Beginning last year, we started having some significant dollars of capitalized software. In 2010, it was about $11 million and that was split between T-Chek and the Transportation system. Primarily last year was focused on International Forwarding. Going forward in 2011, when I mentioned that we expect our total CapEx to be in the neighborhood of $40 million, somewhere around $13 million or $15 million of that will be or is expected to be in future technology development in software. So split both between T-Chek, as well as further improvements over our Transportation technology to drive some of those productivity initiatives that we talked about earlier. So when you look in the previous years of 2010, a lot of our technology spend was spent on enhancements and maintenance. We're definitely shifting towards building more functionality and vastly improving our systems going forward. I would expect in the next three to five years that we will continue to make some significant investments in improving our overall platform. So we could continue to see that spend in that neighborhood of capitalized software going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Justin Yagerman from Deutsche Bank.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: Typically, you guys talk about your business being, with your customers, at least being 50% contractual, 50% transactional. And with demand tightening or expected to tighten as we move through the year, what's the swing there? As capacity tightens, the demographics work against the truckload industry for adding more capacity. How much your business can swing to transactional in that type of a market? And then when that business is coming on at full speed, what usually is the relative gross margin premium that you guys were able to earn to kind of the average every quarter?
Chad Lindbloom: Well, I started to explain before. I guess, our definition of contractual versus transactional is primarily driven by where we have some sort of longer-term, pre-agreed price arrangement versus where the price is negotiated more in the current spot market. And for instance, in 2010, while we may have started the year with close to that sort of 50/50, meaning that maybe half of the Truckload volume that we moved, we were allocated to some kind of bid or annual price arrangement. Throughout the year, with a lot of the customers that we interacted with, we ended up getting more freight because they had higher volumes than they had planned for at the beginning of the year. When that incremental freight comes in, in the beginning of a tightening market, it can actually be a tighter margins than was originally planned. So if we're getting incremental volume and the market is tightening up and our cost of hire is increasing, but we have not made a price adjustment upwards with the shipper, and we're honoring incremental volume at current pricing, it can actually have a negative impact on our margins. When the market gets very tight and we implement incremental pricing or start to handle incremental volumes on a purely transactional basis, where we're adjusting pricing daily based upon market conditions, that freight is generally at normal or sometimes even better margins. So it really depends upon customer-specific, lane-specific, how and when we choose to adjust the pricing based upon the commitments and the relationship as to whether that incremental volume will hurt our margins or improve our margins.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess, the last time we saw that really happen in a big way was probably the second quarter or it was June. The market heated up in a big way. What are the ingredients for that type of environment in your mind and how will we know it when we're in it?
John Wiehoff: For all the reasons that we talked about with uncertainty and reluctance to add capacity, I guess our general outlook has been that if we have sustained economic growth and there's increases in the absolute demands for freight throughout 2011, you're going to start to see the peak shipping periods in the spring and summer, where you're going to have a pretty tight market. And we will see it. I mean, one of the things that we get pretty good visibility to is that day-to-day supply and demand relationship just based upon how many trucks are available and how many shipments were moving in the marketplace. So it literally for us is a day-by-day thing of just adjusting to the supply-and-demand relationship. And if those freight volumes stay high, we do believe that capacity will react slowly this year for all of the reasons we've discussed previously and we'll probably feel it pretty quickly.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: And then the last question, if I could, would just be on the Intermodal boxes that you guys are managing. Can you talk a little bit about how you got those managed and what networks they're running on and how you kind of balance those to make sure that you've got some swing capacity for your customers?
John Wiehoff: So all 350 boxes are on the Burlington Northern. And again, that is driven primarily through their philosophy or business preference of asset ownership and kind of the line commitments on their network. So we're managing that on their network and the program is going very well. And so we've expanded it a little bit. The pre-operating equipment, the Intermodal pools and the other railroads that we work with, there is a different philosophy and a longer-term commitment towards providing some level of capacity in the marketplace. So really, our strategy or approach with the other rails is to understand their longer-term goals and expectations. And what we do expect is that there will be, in general, more equipment available as some of the other rails do invest or some of the other pools invest in incremental equipment. So what we're looking at, as I described earlier, is for all of the major relationships, all the major railroads that we do business with is to make sure that our approach and philosophy is aligned with theirs so that we can access equipment and service on all of them on a cost-competitive basis and provide that to the marketplace. So for now, that equipment that we have a longer-term commitment to is all on the BNSF and then the other rails we continue to function as a traditional IMC.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Ceraso with Crédit Suisse.
Christopher Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG: Back to the comment before about CSA and the incremental risk that you might bear, is this something that would show up in the form of an increased reserve or some sort of an ongoing expense that you might have to carry to protect yourself?
Chad Lindbloom: The only increased ongoing expense that I could think of that may come into place is if the insurance companies look at us as being a higher risk because the accidents where we get sued for liability are so infrequent that those are dealt with on a case-by-case basis.
Christopher Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG: And then just back to the comment about gross margin being in the middle of the range and thinking about various inputs, whether it's mix or capacity or price, as you go forward into '11, is your general expectation that you go back up or that you go back down, or that you stay here? And where are we headed on gross margins?
John Wiehoff: The general expectation is we don't know. It really depends upon fuel prices, and it depends upon the supply and demand relationship that will change daily as we talked before. And what we pride ourselves on is being able to react under either of the circumstances. If you told me that we were going to have tremendous GDP growth this year and that freight demand would be very strong, I would tell you that the market would most likely tighten up in 2011 and we would probably expect that margins would compress and maybe go to the low end of the range. If the demand really softens and we end up with very accessible capacity throughout the year, we would probably have less volume growth and expanded margins, especially in comparison to 2010. So we don't make a forecast, we don't make it internally and we don't publish one externally. And we really more are working with our capacity providers and our shippers to try to match whatever each of the individual strategies is, and then we adjust to the market depending on how it happens.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Malat with Goldman Sachs.
Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: On branches, I know it's nowhere near as important as kind of the number of employees, but it's also a way that you've kind of traditionally been able to give it seem like some of your top-performing employees a platform or upward mobility. Can we think about how your branches are expected to maybe ramp up this year? Does it move up with employee growth? Does that stay more flat or how do we think about that?
John Wiehoff: I think is a good question, and for those of you who didn't notice, one of the metrics in our press release is that at the end of 2010, we did have 231 branch locations versus 235 a year ago. And that is unusual for us that we would have a reduction in locations throughout the year. The philosophy that you described around investing in new locations and expanding our network and making that part of the career path for a lot of our people, that philosophy is still alive and we will continue to pursue that going forward. Even in good years in the past, we've always had a more modest number of new locations. I think we've said five to seven, and a much lower percentage increase in the number of locations that we would be hoping to grow overall. But it is an important part of the growth strategy. When we look at the last couple of years, and I've made statements like new test to our business model and kind of new focuses on productivity and automation, one of the things that we've lived through the last couple of years is just making sure that as we were, at times, rightsizing our network and really focusing in on automation and account management practices more aggressively than we have in the past, we also cleaned up a few offices. Most of those were combined locations where we thought two offices would work better as one and get more density to it. And we've also put a pause on opening new locations while we streamline the productivity of all the current locations. Our hope would be that throughout 2011 that we would get back to some sort of a growth strategy. But again, it would be a much more modest number relative to what our longer-term growth expectations would be.
Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Can you guys give us the number of sales people at the end of the year? You usually give that in the K, but I'm wondering I you have that now.
John Wiehoff: We don't have it yet.
Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just lastly, just on January growing at midteens, just help us think about the comparisons were like for February and March of last year. Does it get tougher or easier on a comparison basis?
John Wiehoff: I don't think we gave out sequential information during the last quarter, and we don't plan on giving that out now.
Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: January of mid teens -- so you're not saying from 2010, you won't give out February and March, is that what you're saying?
John Wiehoff: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Weatherby [ph] (56:39) from Citigroup.
Unidentified Analyst: Maybe get back on the CSA side, I guess. As you have conversations with your customers, is there any discussion or have you had any discussion particularly maybe some of your larger customers about your approach to dealing with carriers that may have lower safety scores as you go forward? I mean, has there been any preliminary discussions as of yet?
John Wiehoff: There's been lots of discussions. As I mentioned, it's been a primary topic of conversation throughout the year. And you know, on the positive side for us, It's really been an avenue for us to highlight and remind all of our customers, all of the quality control investments and processes that we've had in place for dozens of years around qualifying carriers and making sure that they have the proper operating authority. I mean, most people seem to have forgotten that there has been a safety process in place for quite some time now. This is just an improved one. So all of the things around making sure that your operating authority is effective and that your safety rating is acceptable, those are procedures that we've had in place for some quite some time. These enhanced safety rules, the CSA that are going to come out, there are some things that we've been changing in our operating system and preparing for to be ready to implement and manage whatever new rules there are, just like we have been in the best. But as Angie suggested earlier, one of the key pieces of information that we and others are waiting for is just sort of that final translation of how do you apply all these new safety triggers and guidelines into an assessment of whether a carrier gets to keep their operating authority or not and whether or not they're on probation or fit to drive or how that works. So there's some final pieces to the puzzle that we'll be ready to implement as aggressively as we have any other change in the past than it has been a very relevant topic of conversation with all of our customers in the planning process this year.
Unidentified Analyst: And switching gears onto the Sourcing side, as you look at the gross margin progression kind of as Wal-Mart is getting further along in their realignment, have you noticed any kind of trends coming out of that? Has there been any positive or particularly negative relative to the gross margin Sourcing as a result of that change?
John Wiehoff: No, I would say it's fairly typical and one of the primary reasons why we can't quantify, we'd love to better understand ourselves some of the questions around exactly what impact there will be and how it will phase out. But even in the past with the more dedicated programs that we've had, the volume would fluctuate pretty meaningful from year to year based on price and market conditions and the timing of their programs or promotions. So we know that certain categories have dedicated activities that were there a year ago, won't be there going forward. But there still will be fluctuations from year to year. There may be transactional or different types of opportunities within those same categories this year, even though the higher volume dedicated activity is not there. So from year to year, season to season, there's lots of normal fluctuation. And the challenging part for us now is that we know certain committed activities where we were automatically replenishing and managing a category will not be there. What we've got to do our best to try to stay involved in the activity and sell product and stay involved in those categories. But we know that just looking at the last couple of quarters and looking going forward, the likely outcome is that we'll have declines for at least the next couple of quarters.
Operator: Our next question is from Tom Wadewitz with JP Morgan.
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I wanted to ask you a little bit, Chad, on some of your comments that you provided on restricted stock expense. They were helpful to give a framework. If you're in 2011 and your kind of normal framework or expected growth is 15% net revenue growth, would that imply that you'd see a further significant step-up in your restricted stock expense? Or would that type of scenario imply that versus the $37 million in 2010 that you'd be reasonably stable?
Chad Lindbloom: It's really difficult to predict but it's more about earnings. But I would say if we grew exactly 15%, restricted stock as a percentage of net revenue, it will probably go up slightly compared to where it was in 2010. Part of that reason, there's only one of those three-year grants, which was granted in 2008 and started vesting in 2009 and will finish vesting in 2013. There was two of those large three-year grants last year. So that will provide a little bit of tailwind, but the increased earnings will also provide a little bit of a headwind. So my guess is at exactly 15% earnings growth, it would be a slight increase in net revenue per -- we consider the stock expense as a percent of the net revenues, but not as major as we experienced in 2010 from a growth perspective.
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And how do we think about that you said you kind of gone from three-year programs to one-year programs. So I guess, you don't have two three-year programs vesting at once, but you do have two programs, right? In 2009 you got the three-year but then also a one-year program that'll be vesting?
John Wiehoff: We made one of those one-year grants in 2009 that began vesting this year. We made another one at the end of 2010. That will begin vesting in '11. So the impacts in moving to one year is already baked in.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Nesvold with Jefferies & Company.
H. Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: It's been a couple of years since I've read the case, but I think it was the Schramm case back in '04, which is where you're held liable for an accident for negligent hiring. And if I remember back to the legal theory behind that, the agency theory, it would seem like that theory applies directly to a shipper as well now under CSA. I know this question came up a little bit earlier, but I'm curious, in your conversations with shippers so far from CSA, is that dialogue coming up at all? Do shippers see maybe more of a value of hiring a broker to have the intermediary there to maybe buffer that legal liability?
Angela Freeman: I wouldn't go that far. But it is accurate to say that the theory of what's called negligent hire that you hire the carrier that you should've known was not safe. Thus, that risk does apply to anybody who hires a carrier, whether it's a third party, a broker or a shipper. So that does inform some of those conversations that we're having with customers about how under the new CSA environment when there's a lot more data and information to manage and potentially the choices you make have more weight, that there's good reason to think about working with somebody who's got good quality control to play some processes to make sure that they're staying up-to-date on the information that's relevant.
H. Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And as a follow up, on the Landstar call about an hour and a half ago or so. They run through some numbers that I thought it was interesting, and I know we've talked a lot about CSA already in this call, but I think it's going to be something that people ask about a lot for us in the next few months. They say that they went through their carrier base. They're eliminating about 10% of total carriers. In terms of the percentage of trucks, it was only a few percentage of trucks because they tend to be the really small guys. And even of those couple of percentage points of trucks they're eliminating, only half had actually moved to load for them in the last 90 days. Is there any kind of comparable analysis that you could walk us through, or is there anything that you could provide the market perhaps in the future to help us understand exactly how all this impacts your business and your ability to source capacity at attractive rates?
Angela Freeman: I think again as the CSA rules evolve and we have more clarity and when we know, we don't have any clarity today around how the basic scores translate in to the safety fitness determinations, then we'll know which of the carriers we might currently be working with today will no longer be viable choices for us. But because today we don't know what that impact might be, and in fact I don't believe the FMCSA has provided any color on what percentage of the total carrier base in the country they think will fall under the new category, we simply don't know. But it's a good point that as more information comes available, we know everybody's very interested. We'll be doing more analysis to try to determine which if any of the carriers we currently work with, we won't be working with in the future.
H. Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Is there any time timeframe in which you're anticipating that you might give more guidance on that?
Angela Freeman: The published information on that is currently stating I believe that at sometime this summer, when what they call the safety fitness determination rules will come out.
Operator: Our last question comes from Ken Hoexter from Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch: Back, if I look at your acquisition history, there were only two years out of the past 13 that you didn't make any acquisitions back in 2001 and 2010. Now that you've got this $408 million in cash, I just wonder, Chad, now that the market's off the bottom do you see the discussions picking up pace? How are you thinking about it in terms of using that cash?
Chad Lindbloom: One of the things that we talked about over the last couple of years is that we did slow down the amount of acquisition or amount of effort we are putting into international forwarding acquisitions while we rolled out our system. Now, as we have a worldwide platform that would make integration efforts a lot easier than they currently are. So I think we're still kind of sticking to that path where we probably don't expect a significant amount of activity, prospecting our international forwarding acquisitions during 2011. But as far as the market heating up or coming off the bottom, through the downturn, we continue to look for acquisitions. We just didn't find the right ones that met our criteria. So we are actively looking for acquisitions, and we'll also continue to return cash to shareholders if we don't find ways to deploy the cash that's on the balance sheet.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then just a follow up, on the 7% volume growth you talked about in the first quarter versus last quarter, I think you've posted a 9% volume growth. Should we look at that as a slowing year-over-year basis you looking at as comps are getting tougher. I just want to understand how you're looking at that 7% growth in terms of pace of business.
Chad Lindbloom: I would say both things that you said are shared by a lot of us internally that comps are definitely getting more difficult but that January doesn't feel like demand has been real strong. But part of the challenge is that January is always the slowest month of the year from an absolute demand standpoint. So it's tough to get a gauge on it. When you get out into the March, April timeframe, you get a lot better sense. We do, at least, in terms of how fragile that supply-demand relationship is and if demand is going to tighten up fast enough that there's going to be meaningful price adjustments. So tougher comps, maybe little bit of a so-so start, but it's January.
Angela Freeman: Unfortunately, we are out of time. So that will have to be our last question. We're sorry we couldn't get to all the questions today. Thank you for participating in our fourth quarter 2010 conference call. We want to remind you that this call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the C.H. Robinson website at www.chrobinson.com. It will also be available by dialing (800)406-7325 and entering the passcode 4399530#. The replay will be available at approximately 7:00 p.m. Eastern time today. If you have any additional questions, please call me, Angie Freeman, at (952)937-7847. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Ladies and gentlemen. That concludes our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Angela Freeman - Director of Investor Relations Chad Lindbloom - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President John Wiehoff - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. David Campbell - Thompson Davis & Co Robert Salmon Anthony Gallo - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Scott Flower - Macquarie Research Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc. Adam Longson - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Third Quarter 2010 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Angie Freeman, C.H. Robinson Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Freeman.
Angela Freeman: Thank you. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, CEO; and Chad Lindbloom, Senior Vice President and CFO. John and Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our third quarter performance and we will follow that with a question-and-answer session. I would like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. With that, I'll turn the call over to John.
John Wiehoff: Thank you, Angie, and thanks to everybody who's taken the time to listen to our third quarter call. About an our ago we issued a press release sharing our third quarter results for 2010. I'm going to start by highlighting just a few of the key financial results on that release. For the third quarter ended September 30 of 2010, our total revenues increased 23.8% to $2.4 billion. Net revenues increased 8.5% to $382 million. Our income from operations increased 7.4% to $166 million. And net income increased 7.5% $102.6 million and fully diluted EPS increased 8.8% to $0.62 a share. For the year-to-date results for the third quarter ended September 30, our total revenues increased 24.8% to $6.9 billion. Net revenues were up 3.5% to $1.1 billion. Income from operations increased 3.8% to $458 million. Net income up 3.9% to $283 million and fully diluted EPS up 6.2% to $1.71 per share. In addition to those overall results, our press release gives more detailed growth percentages by our various service offerings. Starting with some prepared comments, for Transportation services, during the third quarter of 2010 we were able to grow our Transportation volumes for all of our modes and services. This growth represents the combination of a marketplace that continues to recover from the recession of the year ago, as well as our successful efforts to sell our services and expand our relationships in the market place. As you'd expect, during this part of the market cycle, volume increases contributed to more challenging access to capacity, price increases and margin compression. Overall, we were relatively happy with our Transportation results for the quarter. It was very difficult to predict what the environment would be like as we started in 2010, given the strengthening volume and price increases throughout the year, when we look at our volumes and gross margins we feel like our business model and approach is working to grow our Transportation business similar to past cycles. Our Truckload Transportation volume increased by roughly 40%. Truckload pricing for the third quarter compared to the third quarter last year was up approximately 8%, excluding the estimated impact of fuel. Truckload capacity has continued to tighten throughout the third quarter of 2010. While demand increases have made the truckload marketplace much tighter than a year ago, a lot of discussion and planning the past couple quarters has been focused on how the capacity markets will respond to these demand increases. When you think about all the variables that factor into the decisions of investing in truckload equipment there's a pretty high degree of uncertainty today that makes the decisions challenging. Those issues include the ability to hire qualified drivers, anticipated rule changes such as CSA 2010 and hours of service, financing, insurance, fuel economy and emissions rules and the rising cost of new equipment. All those issues are on top of the core issue of if the freight demand and pricing will be there to generate the return on your capital investment. Supply and demand will eventually adjust over time just like most markets however, the uncertainty in the decision-making to add truckload capacity does seem to be having an impact on most companies. While every company estimates unique supply-chain decisions around these questions, one strategy that we think is relevant for most shippers to at least consider today would be to ensure flexible, variable cost access to as much truckload as possible. We think we can help with that strategy as well as anyone in the marketplace today. While the uncertainty levels maybe high in some of the industry variables, we're investing in the people, relationships and operating systems to ensure that our access to capacity is high-quality and helps to meet our customers needs. The environment is challenging in some ways for all of us and we hope to make investments that our customers and carriers can benefit from. For the LTL component of our truck revenues, our volume increased by 17%. Price comparisons are much more difficult for us to make an LTL given all the variations and tariffs. However, LTL pricing has also increased versus a year-ago. The demand and supply dynamics in LTL are obviously much different than truckload principally due to the capacity decisions being based on network investments and choices versus a single piece of equipment for truckload. Network rationalizations and differing strategies on market share versus yield have made the supply investment or LTL challenging in the past couple of years as well. We continue to focus our efforts on sales and marketing, process automation and having the right business knowledge and relationships to help both the shippers and LTL carriers to execute their strategies more effectively. That's principally how we focused on continuing to grow our LTL business. Intermodal. Our intermodal volumes for the quarter were up about 8%. The Intermodal market share that the participate in became much tighter during the quarter. The uniqueness around this Transportation mode is to limited capacity providers and pricing variables around longer-term commitments to capacity in certain instances. While we were generally proud of our result and the value we added to our customers and Intermodal, we were limited in our volume growth this quarter from limited access to container capacity. One specific action we took during this quarter to adjust to the market conditions was to add box capacity from the BNSF system to our network. We entered into a two-year lease of 353-foot containers that run excessively on the BNSF network. The 300 containers amount to about 10% of our virtual fleet or anticipated capacity needs. We're working hard to improve asset management of all containers in our network but this commitment reflects an adjustment to the market for a portion of our business. The market conditions include both high shipper demand and the BNSF requirements for effective access to their network. Our global forwarding business. Both our international air and ocean volumes increased during the quarter. While much of this growth was driven by the overall recovery in the global freight markets, we do believe that our global network and service capabilities continue to strengthen and improve our participation in these markets. We continue to invest in our people, technology and business practices as we build out our global network. The global network will be the key to integrating our services and enhancing our global supply chain capabilities. We're committed to it and believe that our investments will continue to drive growth in international freight. Gross margins. Our Transportation gross margins in the third quarter were 16.6% compared to 19.8% in the third quarter last year. While our comparisons to last year remains somewhat challenging, this was the first quarter of sequential improvement in Transportation gross margins since the first quarter of 2009. Over the past several quarters we've discussed our pricing approach and how gross margins will naturally fluctuate for many reasons, including supply and demand fluctuation, fuel prices, mode mix and timing lags and price adjustments to customers and carriers. We view the fluctuations in gross margins as a normal part of our business model and we continue to feel confident in our approach towards adjusting to the market conditions. Our other logistic services, net revenues includes our Transportation management fees, customs brokerage fees as well as other fee-based revenue from expanding our service offerings. We continue to focus on account management practices and integrating services for those customers that want that type of relationship. Transportation logistics and supply-chain opportunities, challenges and volatility all seem to be continuing to increase in one way or another and we continue to feel good about our investments in long-term growth opportunities of those services. Our Sourcing business. As discussed in our press release, our Sourcing revenues for the quarter were flat. However, the current year revenues continue benefit from the inclusion of acquired revenues from Rosemont Farms and our organic revenue declined for the quarter. While we did grow organically with many of our Sourcing customers during the quarter, that growth was more than offset by lost revenue from other customers, including lost revenues from traditionally committed programs with a large customer that made Sourcing decisions that resulted in lost volume for us. We've discussed on past calls that our largest Sourcing customer, Wal-Mart, has a very comprehensive global Sourcing initiative in process that is impacting our relationship. Their global Sourcing realignment has resulted in decisions for them to self manage several commodities that we were previously involved with. We continue to help them implement their new strategy and while we believe our relationship is strong and that we'll continue to benefit from new transactional opportunities with them, this past quarter, it has become clear more likely that our volume and net revenue declines will exceed the new opportunities for at least the next couple of quarters. While we remain confident in our longer-term growth opportunities including those with Wal-Mart, we could experience continued declines in revenues until their reorganization is complete. Our Information Services. Our Information Services revenues consist entirely of our income related to our wholly owned subsidiary T-Chek. T-Chek provides transaction processing services for fuel and other purchases to truck companies and shippers. T-Chek continues to have strong growth based on shipment volume increases, as well as expanding its menu of services for its customers. We continue to invest in the technology to support T-Chek's broader application of transaction processing for fuel and other expense management services. Our operating expenses. Our operating expenses increased 9.3% and consists primarily of personnel costs. We do continue to hire and add to our team with a net edition of 123 new employees during the quarter. Our performance-based pay system also result in increased compensation for many employees that are contributing to the growth of the business. I'll finish my prepared thoughts with some comments about October and what we're currently experiencing in the fourth quarter. As a reminder, last year during the fourth quarter of 2009, we began to see stronger volume increases in Transportation along with gross margin compression. As we move into this year's fourth quarter, our volume comparisons will get more difficult but our margin comparisons will get easier. So far in October, what we have seen is a slight slowdown in the growth rate of our Transportation volume but improved margins versus a year ago. Our overall net revenue growth for all services per business day this October shows double-digit growth in the mid-teens. It's probably a good reminder that mid-month numbers for the first month of a quarter can sometimes be a little misleading due to variance in business days, month end activity changes, holiday timing, et cetera. In many ways, freight demand seems as volatile and as tough to predict as ever. One way to summarize our approach to the market is that we continually market and sell our services to increase our volume and we manage through and accept pricing and margin fluctuations based on current market conditions. We continue to believe that improved Transportation logistics and supply-chain services have a lot of good growth opportunity and plan to continue investing in our network of people and systems to go after that volume growth and expand our services and market share. Those are my prepared comments and I'll turn it over to Chad for some more.
Chad Lindbloom: Thanks, John. I'm going to give some comments on our SG&A expenses, balance sheet, and cash flow statement. Our total SG&A expenses, excluding personnel increased by 11% to $54 million compared to the third quarter of 2009. The bulk of this increase was driven by the expenses of Rosemont Farms, which was acquired during September of 2009. We also had increased expenses related to Travel and Entertainment, freight claims and provision for doubtful accounts. In the third quarter of 2010, our provision for doubtful accounts was $4.4 million compared to $3.7 million in the third quarter of 2009. Moving on to our balance sheet and cash flow statement, our balance sheet remains strong with cash and investments of $284 million. Our investment in working capital increased during the quarter primarily due to increased activity in our Quick Pay program. This increase was driven both by our increased volume and Transportation rates, as well as increased usage as a percentage of the total payments. While growth in this program has reduced cash flow so far this year, we believe that it is a good use of our financial strength and flexibility while we continue to grow our business. We have discussed in the past our strategy of using share repurchases as a variable way to return excess capital to our shareholders. Our capital strategy has remained consistent. With the increased investment in working capital, we have lower share repurchase activity during the quarter compared to last year. We repurchased 355,800 shares at an average price of $58.78 during the third quarter of 2010. That concludes our prepared remarks and we will begin our question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of John Barnes with RBC Capital Markets.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Number one, in terms of the lost business with Wal-Mart on the Sourcing side, is that having any impact with your relationship with them on the Transportation side?
John Wiehoff: No, and I think we've talked about before that a lot of their procurement strategies are changing including Transportation and we feel that we have as good a growth opportunity as ever with them on the Transportation side. There is produce related freight but that's managed separately and really isn't being impacted by this.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Can you talk a little bit about the progression of your net revenue margin, your Transportation net revenue margin, through the quarter? We've heard from some of the carriers just talking about the deceleration in volumes that happened in September now into October, would you have seen that improvement in net revenue margin kind of progress with the deceleration in volumes?
John Wiehoff: Our volume growth and margin activity throughout the quarter was fairly consistent.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Tom Wadewitz with JPMorgan.
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I wanted to ask you a little bit about the Intermodal, it sounds like this is something new that I don't recall you doing in the past in terms of the committing to the 300 containers with BN. Is that something that you think you would look to do more of going forward? And how do you think that would impact your dynamics in terms of growth and I guess attractiveness of the business that you realized in Intermodal?
John Wiehoff: We actually do have some history in our past going way back around 10 years where we did have some committed programs, those were temperature controlled containers and we didn't have real positive experience with it. We do understand this and we have explored situations like this on and off over the last 10 years. We are familiar with it. These are more run-of-the-mill, dry 53-foot containers that are much more universal. It's a smaller portion of our Intermodal activity. And I think we've talked about before and it's pretty well known throughout the industry that of the major railroads, the BNSF has by far the most preference to kind of the dedicated boxes to get the right sort of pricing access to their network. So it is something that we do remain open to growing and using that as a way to enhance our growth experiences but we're also going to continue to rely very heavily on the free running equipment and balancing the two of those in our approach.
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then on a different topic, you saw some, I think bottoming in the gross transition gross margin in second quarter and some sequential improvement, I think about 80 basis points in third. Would you expect that trend to continue in fourth quarter or do you think you're kind of, I guess, looking at the September, October results. You think you're at kind of stable level relative to third quarter gross margin in transport?
John Wiehoff: It's really hard to predict that. The variables that I rattled off in the prepared comments around fuel and supply and demand can obviously impact it. Sharing the October results so far was indicating that we have seen some continued improvement but the last couple of years during the fourth quarter, there's been some pretty radical movement on the demand side with things dropping off and then coming back last year. So when we look at our forecast and trends, it gets really difficult to try to predict that. All we know with certainty is that our comparison gets a little bit easier than the last couple of quarters.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bill Greene with Morgan Stanley.
Adam Longson - Morgan Stanley: It's Adam Longson in for Bill Greene. A question here when you talk about the sort of softer dynamics you're seeing in truckload. Obviously, there's still some contracts out there where you need to still pickup rates. How do you position yourself in those contract negotiations where shippers also see the truckload market getting softer?
John Wiehoff: It really varies. Again, we've talked in the past about our decentralized approach to pricing and how we customize our pricing and our customer commitments based upon the relationship that we have with that shipper. And the related capacity commitments that we're making in the marketplace. A lot of customers have a longer, year-long cycle with Committed pricing and those rates would obviously stay in place during any kind of fluctuations in the market side of it. On the more transactional side of it, again, it depends upon everybody's going to adjust that a little different pace. So as the market softens or tightens, the transactional pricing is going to adjust in days and weeks but at a little bit different pace for everybody else and on the longer-term contracts, it can be a much longer portion of the cycle. So we adjust to all of those variables in a very decentralized, customized approach based on the specific agreement with the customers and the carriers that we interact with.
Adam Longson - Morgan Stanley: I know we talked about gross margin a lot and we can talk about that all day, but I'm curious when you look at truckload and LTL on more of a gross profit per shipment basis, sort of how do you feel about where you are in your progress and how that compares to history?
John Wiehoff: The gross margin percentages and the profit per load shipments do correlate reasonably close. They're going to vary for a couple of different reasons, but we don't like to talk about profit per load for competitive reasons, but when you think about kind of where we are in the cycles and how are looking we think the gross margin percentages probably give you a pretty good feel for where we're at, at the cycles.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Scott Malat with Goldman Sachs.
Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I wanted to get a thought on how we should be thinking about ramping up hiring considering an 18% turnover, and the growth that we want to see over the next cycle. I'm thinking you need to add around 2,000 or so new sales people a year. Is that the right way to think about it and when you come up a period of time where you haven't been hiring as much and you go into a period where you're hiring more, how do you think about ramping that up?
John Wiehoff: So if I'm following your math, if we were to plan for 15% growth next year and adding 15% onto our current staffing levels of 7,500, 8,000 and then allowing for turnover, that yes, we would have to higher in the vicinity of a couple of thousand people to end up with a net sort of growth that we want. And that's precisely what we did in kind of the 2008 timeframe. So we have a recruiting process, and relationships as we've talked before we hire most of our people right out of school and we feel like we have the relationships and the processes to ramp up to that level of growth. Again, we do our hiring and staffing decisions on a decentralized basis across our 200-plus offices. So while that may seem like a large number of when you break it down, kind of office by office to the relative sizes, we feel very comfortable that each of the offices can kind of grow proportionately and customize to what their outlook is to do that. So we don't make annual hiring decisions, we plan. But we obviously have processes in place to ramp up or ramp down based upon our shorter-term experience of if the freight volumes are coming or not coming and what were doing in the marketplace. So we take a fairly flexibility approach to it and if next year the market conditions allows us to get back to our targeted long-term growth rate, we feel very comfortable that we have the recruiting and hiring processes in place to get good quality people on board to accomplish that.
Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just a question on Europe, I was just thinking about if you could help us with the recent dynamics here. What are the differences in recruiting? And are you having success there? And then just on the differences in the market, I know you've talked before about length of haul and if lengthening given easter Europe, and just talk about how that affects your outlook there?
John Wiehoff: From a long-term perspective, we continue to believe that the opportunities are very similar and that is a very fragmented capacity base, and a shipping community that continues to focus a lot more on Transportation and supply chain improvements that we think we can be a part of. So we're generally trying to take the same approach to adding people, we have a similar operating system and we're approaching our growth in a similar manner. Some of the differences are that, from what we see at least, is that the European unification is probably a little bit later in its cycle of companies across Europe, thinking about their Transportation and supply chain holistically across all of Europe. So what that means is yes, the freight that we are involved in is more common that it's a longer length of haul where people are trying to take advantage of lower-cost manufacturing in Eastern European countries and shipping them long distances back to more expensive countries, but we see the evolution of it being fairly similar to what we've experienced in North America. As we grow our business, some of the bigger differences that we've talked about in Europe are language challenges, that it's very important to make sure that in the decentralized network that we're building across Europe that we have the right communication capabilities and the people requirements and languages. It's more of a variable on the United States than you might think it to be, but it's also even more important in Europe were a lot of the local trucking businesses are more language specific and a lot of multinational corporations are driven by English across selling and communicating with them. But even more fragmented on the capacity side, so building carrier relationships is at least as challenging as it is here. We've got approaching 10,000 under contract today but it's very challenging to build out a stable, good, healthy following of carriers across Europe and getting our name and reputation out there to the small carriers and medium-sized carriers, is at least as challenging as it is here because we don't have the same kind of operating history out there. So I would say those are some of the key differences that we'd highlight but the overall opportunity seems to be comparable and we continue to be very positive about our long-term outlook for it.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jon Langenfeld with Robert W. Baird.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Can you give us some sense on the Sourcing side, of the produce classes maybe that the customer has chosen to do direct? Was most of that run rated through the quarter or did it happen more later in the quarter? Any sort of color there would be helpful.
John Wiehoff: We've tried hard to analyze it for ourselves and to share with you and part of what makes it hard is that the volume levels in all these different categories fluctuates from year to year and the programs move around. And so there's not a real stable base to compare from to throw some of these percentages. But in general, when they have initiated their the global Sourcing programs what they're going after is the very high-volume, more stable commodities like an apple or a carrot or a potato, where there are larger suppliers and larger growing areas that they can make global commitments to from a procurement standpoint manage those high volumes within their new procurement approach. The categories that we continue to stay very engaged in and expect to have even more growth opportunities with these more seasonal and regional commodities like vegetables or some of the fruits that are more difficult to manage from a longer length of haul or are more seasonal or more weather sensitive, don't store very well, those types of things.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: So the other part of that was just most of that, decisions that were made, where they made throughout the quarter or were they made early in the quarter late in the quarter? From Wal-Mart's perspective?
John Wiehoff: The decisions were made throughout the quarter. Some of them -- some of the programs were absent for the majority of the quarter. Some of them will begin to phase out in the next quarter or two. And again, none of this is in stone. We've got some pretty good ideas as to which programs they're probably going to go after, but as they continue to roll it out, we don't know exactly what the timing is of some of the transitions. And as I mentioned earlier, as they go into these global procurements, there's other programs that they're initiating as well on a regional or local basis that we expect to have new opportunities in. So we have lots of growth, hopes for it, but like we said, it became clear this quarter when we looked down the relationship category by category, and what we believe is going to happen. This quarter, it started to feel like we're probably going to lose more than we gained for the next couple of quarters.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Chad, what would be the circumstances by which the personal expenses would grow faster than the net revenue growth? And I'm not talking quarter to quarter, I just mean more of an annualized basis because historically that has not been case. I'm just wondering if there's a scenario out there where that could happen.
John Wiehoff: It could have been with a sudden ramp up in earnings growth because there are so many different programs including the restricted equity being the main one, where the expense is based on the growth in earnings. So I guess it would be the most likely scenario that I could think of would be when we went from low growth to high growth in a very short period of time.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Alex Brand with Stephens Inc.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: In response to John's question about volume and price, I think you said volume was consistent. Can you give us actually how much pricing changed by month during the quarter and maybe what that is so far in October?
John Wiehoff: Throughout the quarter, the change was relatively consistent as we've said. So the quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year, it really wasn't anything useful on a month by month basis that we think is worth sharing. And as we come into the month of October, we don't really have the pricing part of it analyzed until we get to the end of the month. So the most relevant metric that we have within the month is kind of the aggregated net revenue where we can track the volume piece of it but until we get a chance to kind of sort out all the different fuel and price components of it, we don't have anything that we can share.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: How about some color then in terms of, as your volume is slowing a little bit, do you have a feel for whether that's just the tougher comps or are you hearing from customers some thoughts on peak, not being very strong or maybe it was pulled forward or something like that?
John Wiehoff: We've tried to analyze that for our ourselves and it does feel in October like overall, demand is maybe slipping a little bit. But when we've looked at the last four or five years it's not uncommon for that to happen. The September, October peak season has moved around a lot and so while demand does appear to be softening a little bit in the beginning part of October, I think the interesting question right now is does it continue to drop or does it stabilize or does it rebound? So yes it does feel like the demand side of things are softening a little bit and comparisons are becoming tougher as well from a volume standpoint.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of the Scott Flower with Macquarie Securities.
Scott Flower - Macquarie Research: Just the couple of things, one is, I was wondering when you look at the implementation of CSA 2010, has that changed, how you do things operationally and how you go to the marketplace, I guess. One of the things I asked that for is there seems like there are some risks in the liability side depending on your processes both for the shipper as well as you as a broker and I'm just trying to get a sense of do you see that as a risk or opportunity in terms of how you're running your business?
John Wiehoff: And the answer to your question is yes, we see it as both. It's been a topic of conversation in almost every meeting that I've been a part of at least this year and I think with most of our business reviews. And part of the challenge is that there's still a lot of uncertainty around what it will look like but the general thought or expectation is it made might remove some capacity from the marketplace and that it might make kind of the quality control or oversight of making sure that your driver and your carrier are qualified to do business, that there would be some new rules in place. So we are preparing to make certain that we have the right oversight and data collection process to make sure that we're qualifying our capacity to do business and making sure that we're ready to implement whatever sort of rule changes around that, that comes along. Our shippers, our customers are all concerned about what will these final rules look like and what if any impact will it have on the availability of capacity and pricing. And so we're talking with them about what we know about it so far and kind of what we think the likely outcomes of it will be. So while we're all a bit concerned about having new opportunities to be concerned about utilizing a carrier that isn't qualified or isn't properly licensed because of the new rules that come along, the opportunity for us is to be out ahead of that and to use it as an opportunity to provide more services for our customers because we feel like we've got the right platform and the right knowledge to invest in making sure that we're managing capacity the best way possible.
Scott Flower - Macquarie Research: I'm just curious, some of the additional products beyond your core trucking product obviously continued to grow quite smartly and I'm just trying to get a sense of -- is some of that, the idiosyncrasies in specific markets, like your international air freight market or do you think you're actually just getting more of a network effect attraction of those products with your customers as they do build, as you get more capabilities and more reach. I'm just trying to get a sense of a gradation between, is it just some of the market idiosyncrasies this year, is it some benefit to building out that product overtime that you're actually getting incremental market share.
John Wiehoff: We believe that we're taking market share in all of the Transportation services that we're offering. Maybe not so much with Intermodal, but we're at least holding our own and hopefully over time, we've taken a little share as well but truckload, LTL and international services, for sure. On the international side, what's a little bit challenging is we've made some acquisitions that have now kind of cycled through but the markets declined so radically and now you've got the combination of kind of a healthy rebound in the market and it's the first time we're sort of in a healthy market with the same sort of comparable scale and network of all the businesses that we've purchased or where we've opened offices. So longer-term, yes, we feel like we're gaining traction and we're gaining traction by getting bigger, by getting more capable, by account management and cross-selling practices where we're kind of leveraging our relationships and integrating services, doing those sorts of things that we think are helping us get traction. But if you look at the absolute growth rates on some of the services, probably the majority of that growth this year would be market recoveries as opposed to taking market share.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Anthony Gallo with Wells Fargo.
Anthony Gallo - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: My question is around scale. John, it seems like in each of your businesses, scale is an important factor and I guess I'm thinking specifically about Air and Intermodal. Do you think you have the right scale now and maybe could you comment on that on the context of how you think about acquisitions, if you can tie those two together for me?
John Wiehoff: So we definitely would agree that scale is an advantage for a lot of reasons. It gives you greater market presence. It gives you greater access to utilization. There's just a lot of good things that come with scale. Frankly, one of the core reasons why we've been a growth company for a long time now, and as we aspire to be more and more global all the time, scale becomes more relevant in our technology and some of the international services as well. So it is one of the reasons why we push hard for growth. It's one of the reasons why we're making small acquisitions and building out our network is because we think good things will continue to come with that. We also know from our experience in the industry though that just being big doesn't ensure success. There are lots of companies, lots of rollout, lots of big failures, even when you have a lot of market share, if your operating systems and your data management out of control, you have even bigger, more complicated problems. Size alone does not ensure good service, it helps with price negotiations and it helps with kind of lane density and consolidation and a few other things that are good. So we're going to continue to push for growth and push for scale and we think those are competitive advantages that will continue to become hopefully better and better competitive advantages. But you really have to remain balanced in your discipline and your execution and all those advantages can become disadvantages in a real quick hurry.
Anthony Gallo - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then second question, sourcing gross margin, obviously more stable than Transportation gross margin but can you remind us of that and should that change as this Wal-Mart business changes?
John Wiehoff: I don't think it will change significantly with any of the business that's rolling out. It does vary quite a bit commodity by commodity based upon seasonality and fluctuations, but I don't believe that the mix of what's leading will be significantly different than what's coming in or how we grow.
Anthony Gallo - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: But that's not as much driven by refrigerated procurement as it is by what's happening with how you're buying and selling volume.
John Wiehoff: A lot of the Sourcing services are enabled by and bundled with refrigerated Transportation services but the Sourcing line item is solely the buy/sell margin on that part of the commodity which tends to remain a little bit more consistent. In the Wal-Mart relationship, the Sourcing and the Transportation have been unbundled for quite some time now. So that's why even though we're growing and changing on the Transportation side, as well as the Sourcing side, that the impacts of those will be separate in the financials.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I kind of wanted to follow-up on the previous question, John, if you could talk a little bit more on the headcount. I understand it from the gross standpoint and historical relationships. Obviously, this quarter tends to be a little bit of a higher quarter with a lot of the college grads coming in, but are you kind of where you want to in terms of the overall network right now or is there still a little bit of catch up to just catch up on headcount to hold up service levels where they are?
John Wiehoff: When we've talked about it before, obviously, we kind of laid out throughout 2009 how we were overstaffed at times because the recession probably surprised all of us. And then throughout late 2009 and throughout 2010, as we sort of grown back into our capabilities, we've mentioned before and still today, that we're sort of towards the high end of the range of a lot of our productivity metrics around shipments per-person and net revenue per person and all the rest of that. But we do feel that where we're at today sustainable. It's not like we're bursting at the seams or that we can't keep up with what we're doing. What's different today than a year ago, though, is that if we grow 15% in the next 12 months, we are going to need to add resources much more proportionally to our growth than we've had to over the last year, just based upon how the network is there. So I would describe our current situation as while we're towards the high end of the ranges, we're pretty comfortable with sustainably of our performance metrics and kind of where the network is at today, but if we do -- if we are able to continue to have double-digit volume growth, we're going to need to add people much more proportionate to that rate than we did throughout 2010.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Where you feel the general industry capacity is right now in terms of the environment and kind of where you see that heading here going into the end of the year?
John Wiehoff: In my prepared comments, we sort of emphasized anxiety around the ability and the willingness for the supply-side to add capacity. And while that's a very real topic, even though the market has tightened, our metrics would say that it's not at the very end of the range of tightness that while it's a lot tighter than it was a year ago, if you look at route guide depth and order cycles and freight moving over another day and some of the other things that might give you kind of a longer range sense of kind of where we are in that tightness. While it got a lot tighter this year, it's not what we would describe as all-time tight capacity or even really towards the high end of that range. The concern really is more around everybody looking at the variables around adding additional capacity and if we all, if the industry and the demand is able to continue to grow, how that's going to play itself out over the next year or two. So in terms of the current environment, the freight is moving, overall service metric seemed kind of more middle-of-the-road or pretty reasonable in terms of some of the other metrics I referenced earlier.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ed Wolfe with Wolfe Trahan.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: John, it's a long time ago already and you are speaking quick, but did I hear you correctly about through October, thus far, you said -- I thought you said net revenues for Transportation were up mid double digits and gross yields were up year-over-year, did I hear that correctly?
John Wiehoff: It was a prepared remark, Ed, and what it was is that what we're seeing in Transportation is a slightly slower growth rate in our volume but our margin comparisons are getting easier and our margins are improved versus a year ago. So that was specific to the Transportation business. The net revenue comment was overall. So for our companywide or enterprise net revenue activity, for all services per business day, there is business day variance in October as well. But that we're showing double-digit growth in the mid-teens on that metric through October.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: And did I hear it right also on the Transportation yields that year-over-year, they're positive?
John Wiehoff: Margins are slightly improved versus a year ago thus far through October, yes.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: And what's the day discrepancy, you said to operating day?
John Wiehoff: Was it one more or one less?
Chad Lindbloom: There is one less in October and one less for the quarter as a whole.
John Wiehoff: So that can be as much as a 5% variance within the month and we talk a lot about does it -- what's the most relevant measurement around business days or not and it depends upon how many Mondays and Fridays there are in the month. And that's why it kind of cautions around, this is sort of a preliminary number. It looks better than the third quarter but it's early and there's a lot of things that can affect it.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: Chad, can you talk a little bit about your compensation plans? About a year ago, you started talking about the 2006 and the 2009 plan and that they kind of both vest at the same time and it's a drag on earnings. Can you talk about how much of that is now been expensed, in terms of the 2006 plan, what's left and what the drag has been this year in earnings and how that looks in 2011?
Chad Lindbloom: The 2006 grant, which actually happened at the end of 2005, started vesting in 2006. This is the last year it can vest. So it'll be -- it probably won't vest 100% of the award but it'll probably be close to that, just based on our last five years earnings growth so that is baked into this. So that was -- I'm trying to think of what it is as the total percentage of the shares that are available to vest right now and I don't know how much of that would go away. But that will definitely be a reduction in the number of shares available to vest based on that. In addition to that though, we also have annual grants that happened so we've been adding shares since the 2009 grants as well.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: Am I thinking it wrong that there's less drag on the compensation from the grants next year relative to this year?
Chad Lindbloom: There will be less next year relative to this year, yes. It might not be as drastic as you're thinking because you have to remember annual grants that happen, those three year grant rotation did cause some variances in the past.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: I don't think it was drastic this year either. I mean it's not massive anyway you look at it.
Chad Lindbloom: This year is similar to last year where two of those larger grants were available to vest. And that will end this year.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: Contractual rates versus spot markets, when you look at your truckload rates averaging up 8% in the quarter, how much of that is contractual and how much of that is spot and directionally how are those two markets moving in terms of where rates are going from here?
John Wiehoff: That's a question that we struggled with over the years because of the definitions, meaning different things to different people. But I think the best metrics that we have around that as we have about half of our business that are more integrated relationships with the larger top, four, 500 customers that generally have more of a year-long pricing commitment and more of a contractual relationship. The other 30,000 plus customers that tend to be smaller, more traction, although pricing is much more fluid on it. Now the volumes can vary across those but we generally sort of say it starts off kind of balanced around half and half and then based upon market conditions, we may be getting more volume under contracted rates or more volumes through the spot rates depending upon what market conditions are and what choices the shippers are making. So the challenge is, just by definition, obviously, the spot rates are moving quicker than the contracted rates. And so when you look at year-over-year comparisons, the spot rates are moving throughout the third quarter whereas most of the contracted rates that apply during the third quarter were in place from kind of the beginning of the year for most of them. So it's a mixture of literally tens of thousands of different pricing changes that it's hard to generalize about.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: But when you say a new customer today, who just comes off contract, say, versus a new spot customer, are the contractual rates directionally going up more from where they were a year ago or the spot rates from a year-ago?
John Wiehoff: Generally the spot markets would be moving up. however the contractual pricing has a lot to do with how the shipper handles the year-ago and the depth of the recession. If they went very low on their pricing and we're experiencing service failures early in the year, it might take, in some instances, for some lanes, for some shippers, a double-digit contractual price increase to get the capacity commitment up to where you want it to be. So it varies a lot lane by lane but in general, obviously, the contractual stuff probably didn't drop quite as much as the spot and now it's probably not going up quite as much as the spot.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Justin Yagerman with Deutsche Bank.
Robert Salmon: It's Rob Salmon on for Justin. When I'm thinking about the pricing to the customers on the contractual piece of the business, you guys indicated some longer-term concerns about capacity looking out to the CSA 2010, how do you think about pricing that business to your customers right now?
John Wiehoff: Because of the uncertainties around when it will finalize and what the impact if any will actually be on the capacity, it's really been more of kind of contingency planning, trying to make our shippers aware of the fact that this is out there and it could have a significant impact. I would say it's sort of one of all the variables that we would look out in any longer-term contractual pricing arrangement, when we're factoring in what we think the appropriate price would be for the next six months or 12 months. We're going to be talking with the carriers, talking what the type of freight it is, how predictable it is. Whether they're going to be -- what their longer range expectations are and it kind of comes down to more in the capacity that we're planning to use to fulfill those services is already trying to price it in or expecting that it's going to have a negative impact on them, so it really would come down to more has the carrier community already baked in some expectation of price increase in their pricing decisions for that. My guess would be no, not a lot but it's a lot of awareness and expectation raising that if it does come through with fairly strict requirements and take-out 5% or 6% of the capacity that probably the whole marketplace is going to react pretty quickly.
Robert Salmon: Is that the type of thing where you're putting clauses in contracts? Or you would just revisit that contract and give it kind of the 45-day typical out if it did come to fruition where you lose 45 or 10% of the overall capacity?
John Wiehoff: We would probably handle that like any other radical market condition and just address it when it comes. At this point, there's really not too much specific that I think would be meaningful to write in there. It's really more of -- we talk a lot about how at the end of day so much of this is relationship oriented and if it does come through and cause a significant price ripple through the industry that your large relationships if you're forced to take a look at pricing in them that they're not upset with you for that because it's surprising or disappointing to them. Like any fuel surcharge or any other weather thing or whatever, it's never simple, it's never easy but the more everybody's prepared for it and understands it, the better off we're all going to be
Robert Salmon: On the capacity side, what are you hearing from your smaller and medium-sized carriers that you're transacting and doing business with? And can you also give us a sense of what the volume growth in quick pay was throughout the quarter?
John Wiehoff: The way we look at quick pay is in addition to growing with the volume of the business, the frequency of quick pay went from the mid-30s to close to 40% of the total truckload payables going out, so there was a significant increase in the frequency as well.
Robert Salmon: And how much of the overall truck net revenue does quick pay currently make up?
John Wiehoff: A very small percentage.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Matt Brooklier with Piper Jaffray.
Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies: I wanted to focus a little bit more on these Intermodal containers that you guys have started to lease. I guess my question is for C.H. to grow its Intermodal business going forward, will you have to continuously ramp up leases on your Intermodal containers or do you think that, and granted capacity very tight and volumes growing in a very strong rate, do you think that as Intermodal market volume moderates, more capacity will become available and you won't necessarily need to get into kind of a locked capacity type situation within the Intermodal business?
John Wiehoff: I don't think it's anything we'll have to do to grow our business as an IMC, as a true Intermodal Marketing Company that is working with the available capacity in the marketplace and the shippers that have those needs. We can continue to grow our business and take advantage of investments that are being made in free running pool and playing in the markets just like we have for the majority of the last 30 years. It's really more around, is it an opportunity to add new dimension than a new growth capability. If you think about it, imagine that there are several free running pools of equipment out there where you're free to take equipment out and pay a daily per diem as long as you're using that equipment and then you have to return it to one of those trailer pools. When equipment gets very tight and those free running trailer pools are empty, you can't ship any more incremental Intermodal freight for your shippers. If you take the two-year commitment on it, the advantage is that you know you're going to have access to that equipment. The risk is that you're going to pay for all the repositioning and that you're going to pay for it at any point during the cycle that you don't have freight uses for that equipment, you're still paying the daily per diem under the long-term lease rate. So really what it kind of comes down to is looking at your Intermodal participation and what sort of dedicated commitments do you have and where do you feel comfortable to have a high enough expected usage for the box that you can commit to it for a year or in this case, two years for 300 of them and what we'll continue to do is look at our business, look at our growth opportunities, talk to our customers and balance those to where we see appropriate. So the only other variable in that is the preferences in pricing across the different railroads. And as I mentioned earlier, it's been more than a decade now that the BNSF has had more of a preference for dedicated boxes to run on their railroads from a pricing standpoint. And so part of the other variables in the equations if we choose to do more of this will be how the railroads offer you pricing and how they make equipment and pricing capacity access to their network available to you.
Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies: Does this strategically change how C.H. looks at potential acquisitions? I mean in the past, you guys have been, or past acquisitions with Transportation business has been all non-asset if I'm remembering correctly. On a go forward basis does this new dimension, as you put it, open up the doors to doing different types of transport acquisitions going forward.
John Wiehoff: I don't think it would really change our acquisition filter. And really, what probably drives it is volume. The bigger you get, and somebody asked about scale earlier that the bigger we get, we can make contractual commitments to truckload today that we couldn't make 10 or 15 years ago because we have enough volume that we're comfortable that we can execute on that. As we get bigger in international and as we get bigger in all of our services, we can make commitments that we couldn't make when we were smaller. So part of the scale advantage is that the larger you are, the easier it is to make a commitment like this on a smaller portion of your business. So we want to grow in Intermodal we've always been committed to it and we will continue to grow in it. And as we get larger, it will change the proportion of capacity that you could make a long-term commitment to without risking the fluctuations in the market, causing a lot of economic sway in your numbers. So that's just true in all of our services and I don't think it would necessarily impact how we would evaluate an acquisition.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of David Campbell with Thompson, Davis & Company.
David Campbell - Thompson Davis & Co: Sea freight business is really strong in the quarter, anything unusual there? Was it just new accounts and how did all that happen? Do you have any ideas on your growth there?
John Wiehoff: I would say that a lot of it is just the fact that sea freight was really hit hard a year ago. That those volumes were really, really depressed and we have felt like we've been growing our capabilities there and building good relationships with the steamship lines. So as the market recovered, we felt like we were in a good position to take advantage of the opportunities in the marketplace. We do have some nice new accounts that we're proud of, but a lot of the growth came from increased volume with existing customers just from a rebound in market conditions.
Angela Freeman: Unfortunately, we ran out of time so that will have to be our last question. We're sorry we couldn't get to all of you today. Thank you for participating in our Third Quarter 2010 Conference Call. I want to remind you that this call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the C.H. Robinson website at chrobinson.com. It will also be available by dialing (800) 406-7325, and entering the passcode 4371919#. The replay will be available at approximately 7:00 p.m. Eastern Time today. If you have additional questions, please call me, Angie Freeman, at (952) 937-7847. Thank you.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Angela Freeman - Director of Investor Relations Chad Lindbloom - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President John Wiehoff - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Thomas Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets Anthony Gallo - Wells Fargo Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co David Campbell - Thompson Davis & Co Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns Varun Gokarn Chris Wetherbee - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Scott Flower - Macquarie Research Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc. Adam Longson - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson's Second Quarter 2010 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Angie Freeman, C.H. Robinson Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Freeman.
Angela Freeman: Thank you. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, CEO; and Chad Lindbloom, Senior Vice President and CFO. John and Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our second quarter performance, and we will follow that with a question-and-answer session. I would like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad or others representing C.H. Robinson, may contain forward-looking statements which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. With that, I'll turn it over to John.
John Wiehoff: Thank you, Angie, and thanks to everybody who's listening in on the call. I'm going to start similar to past calls, by just highlighting a few of the key financial results and metrics that we think are more important. For the second quarter ended June 30, 2010, our total revenues increased 27.4% to $2.5 billion. Net revenues increased to 3.7% to $365 million. Our income from operations increased 4.4% to $156 million and net income increased 5.4% to $97 million. Fully diluted EPS increased 9.3% to $0.59 a share. The same numbers year-to-date results for the period ended June 30, 2009, total revenues increased 25.3% to $4.5 billion. Net revenues increased 1% to $697 million. Income from operations increased 1.8% to $292 million and net income increased 2% to $181 million. Year-to-date, fully diluted EPS increased 4.8% to $1.09 per share. In addition to those overall financial results, the press release gives more detailed growth percentages by each of the various service offerings. So our results for the second quarter of 2010 reflected the continuation of most of the business trends that we discussed in our first quarter conference call. We continued to experience strong overall gross revenue growth, driven primarily by significant volume increases in most all of our service offerings. Gross margin compression compared to a year ago resulted in net revenue growth for the quarter that was much more modest. As a result, for the second quarter of 2010, while we had a 27% increase in total revenues, our net income for the quarter increased 5%. Our Transportation revenue increase of over 32% was primarily driven by transaction volume increases in services compared to last year. Fuel and price increases also contributed to the overall revenue growth. While our growth in transactions compared to last year was helped by the overall improvement in industry demand compared to last year's low points from the recession, we do believe that we were able to continue to take market share in most all of our service offerings, and we felt good about our sales and execution during the quarter. With regards to gross margins, total Transportation gross margins for the second quarter of 2010 were 15.8%. Total Transportation gross margins for the second quarter last year were 20.6%. Over the past 10 years, second quarter gross margins for Transportation have ranged from a low of 15.4% to a high of 20.6%, which was last year. Our total Transportation gross margin compression of almost five percentage points resulted in net revenue and earnings growth that was much less than our total revenue growth. As we've discussed many times over the past couple of years, we know there are many factors that contribute to the gross margin fluctuations but the primary driver of our margin fluctuations is the timing difference of price adjustments across our customers and capacity providers. The demand for Transportation services increased significantly compared to the previous year. Our total cost of purchased Transportation generally increases faster than our pricing to our customers when demand is increasing and the overall market relationship is becoming much tighter. Gross margin fluctuations the past couple of years have had a significant impact on our results. We've tried to emphasize in our past comments, that based upon our approach to the marketplace and how we buy, sell and contract for services, that we understand and manage these margin fluctuations as part of our business model. While the margin compression this quarter compared to last year was pretty meaningful, we think our approach is consistent and that it continues to help us build and grow long-term relationships with both customers and capacity providers. While we know that we'll continue to have challenging gross margin comparisons going into the third quarter, we do believe that our approach to pricing is working and adjusting to the market very similar to past economic cycles, with the magnitude of some fluctuations increasing due to uniquely large variations in freight demand and volatility in fuel prices. Moving on to our Sourcing business. Sourcing business revenues grew 11.5%, primarily from the acquisition of Rosemont Farms. Sourcing gross margins expanded compared to a year ago, primarily due to the mix of products sold. T-Chek, our Information Services business were our primary source of revenues driven by refueling transactions, showed strong revenue growth of 22% again this quarter. The increased level of shipment activity in the market drove more transactions for the T-Chek's customers. T-Chek's revenue growth was driven by increased transactions and an increase in the average transaction fee. Many transaction fees are based in part upon the price of fuel which increased compared to last year. Moving on to operating expenses then. Our total number of employees at the end of the second quarter was 7,466. That represents an increase of 116 employees during the second quarter. The increased volume and freight activity that we experienced did drive the need for us to begin more aggressive hiring during the second quarter of 2010. Based upon our internal scorecards and metrics, our productivity levels are pretty high across our network. We have a lot of good things in the pipeline that we believe will help us sustain productivity improvement as a competitive advantage. However, if we are successful in continuing to grow our volumes, we will likely need to continue to grow our workforce to service our customers. In summary, we were very busy during the second quarter of 2010. The Transportation markets were much tighter than a year ago. We continue to take what we think is a healthy, longer-term approach to building relationships and adjusting pricing to market conditions based upon each of those unique relationship commitments that are managed by our decentralized network. This approach to the market does result in gross margin fluctuations. We do continue to experience meaningful gross margin fluctuation, but believe that our business model and approach is as relevant as ever in the market, and we continue to believe that our long-term growth target to average 15% growth in our revenue and earnings is achievable. Our people and network are working hard. We feel good about our team and the current service levels, as well as our ability to hire and train additional team members on a variable approach as our growth and activity levels require. That concludes my prepared comments. And with that, I will turn it over to Chad, who has some as well.
Chad Lindbloom: Thanks, John. I'm going to give some comments on our SG&A expenses, balance sheet and cash flows. Our total SG&A expenses increased by 8% to $54 million compared to the second quarter of 2009. The bulk of this increase was driven by the expenses of acquired companies, including Walker, which closed during June of 2009, and the acquisitions of ITC and Rosemont, which closed during the second half of 2009. In addition to those, operating expenses at our other categories of expenses had increased or decreased given things that happened during the respective quarters. Our balance sheet remains strong with cash and investments of $215 million. Our investment in working capital increased as is normal in times of increasing volumes and rates. We had an increase in accounts receivable of $152 million during the quarter, offset partially by an increase in accounts payable of $54 million. Our accounts payable didn't increase at the same rate as our accounts receivable, primarily due to increased usage of our Quick Pay and advanced programs for carriers. Moving on to CapEx. Our CapEx for the quarter including software was $8.4 million. In addition to our continued investment in our international forwarding system, we have begun to develop a new transaction processing system for T-Chek and other development projects to support the long-term growth of our business. We now believe our total CapEx, including software will be approximately $30 million for 2010. We have discussed our strategy in the past for share repurchases as a variable way to return excess capital to our shareholders. Our capital strategy has remained consistent. With the increased investment in working capital, we reduced our share repurchase activity during the quarter. We repurchased 358,800 shares at an average price of $58.36. This concludes our prepared remarks, and we will begin the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Jon Langenfeld with Robert W. Baird.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: When you think about to how stretched the local offices are in terms of personnel, can you talk a little bit about that? Your volumes are way up 6% and 20%, your growth product per employee measured booked the -- still be very high and yet you've only had it at about 2% of the employee base. So can you talk a little bit about how you're adjusting all of that volume growth in what is a more challenging environment?
John Wiehoff: Yes. So I guess a couple of upfront reminders when we talk about this, is we have the close to 250 offices, and the productivity and staffing levels vary quite a bit across the offices. So while we talk about the company as a whole, just remember that they are the averages and there's quite a bit of variance across it. When you turn the clock back a year and a half ago to the beginning of 2009 and the freight demand had dropped off so significantly, we talked at that point in time about while we did make some staffing corrections and tightened up the network a little bit, that we still had plenty of people and plenty of capacity because we had been staffing up in expectation of continued growth. So as we went through 2009 and into the first part of 2010, a lot of the growth has just been absorbed by the current levels of staffing becoming more productive. As we've moved into this year, we have seen a lot of the different productivity metrics move up to the high end of the range. And that's why during the second quarter, we began hiring. So the message I guess, that we're trying to convey is that, it's not like the places bursting at the seams, or that we can't, so don't believe that we can't sustain the levels that we're at. But as we go forward, we're going to need to add people to grow the business.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And then Chad, can you remind us, on the restricted stock program, are we vesting to factor the benefits of the '06 from the '09 plan and does '06 plan laps at the end of this year regardless of whether or not you reach 100%?
Chad Lindbloom: Yes, the plan that started vesting in '06, this would be its last year. But we do, do an annual restricted stock plan or grants. It's just that there was a larger grant in '06 and in '09. So there are also 2007, '08 and 2010 grants that are also vesting.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Scott Malat with Goldman Sachs.
Varun Gokarn: It's Varun Gokarn in for Scott. Just a quick big picture question. If we look at trucking bankruptcies, they've been up in the last couple of quarters, with the expectation that they're going to increase. Just wondering what your outlook was for smaller carriers and bankruptcies and how we should think about this in the context of your business?
John Wiehoff: We don't track the bankruptcy metrics real closely just because for us, it's not much of a realtime metric. It's just one component of kind of a capacity churn and the small carriers that we would monitor. I guess from our overall point of view, last year was really hard on all the carriers just because of the drop in demand and drop in pricing. I would say in general, during the current year, as pricing and demand is improving, that the environment would be improving for all of them. So we know that capacity has left the marketplace. We know that a lot of them file bankruptcy and leave. We've also talked in the past about CSA 2010 and other things that have an uncertain impact on the carrier community and the uncertainties around ordering equipment. So there are a lot of questions about how the supply side will be able to adjust to this increasing demand of freight in the market. But we don't necessarily find the bankruptcy metric as a real high indicator.
Varun Gokarn: And then digging a little deeper into that, what have you heard from small carriers in terms of adding capacity, their ability to buy trucks or replace their existing fleet? We're seeing some signs of increasing CapEx from the larger companies, but I just wanted to get your perspective from the small carriers that you deal with.
John Wiehoff: We wouldn't have a lot of great visibility into that. I know a lot of -- we deal with close to 60,000 carriers and there is a fair amount of churn each quarter and some coming and going. And from our vantage point, the primary thing that we're interacting with them on is the accessibility to the freight and kind of what the rates are. And as I said earlier, while those are improving on the financing and capital side, that's a lot tougher to get any sort of good visibility to. We do know that historically, a lot of the equipment has slowed from the larger carriers down into a resell market, into the smaller carriers. So I guess if the new ones, if the bigger carriers are ordering equipment, that's probably a healthy sign for how the equipment may trickle down to the smaller guys. But we wouldn't have any kind of current quarter perspective on changes there.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ed Wolfe with Wolfe Trahan.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: Can you take us through a little bit directionally, the truck net revenue growth or the Transportation net revenue growth, and also the Transportation gross yields throughout the quarter and into July? You made a statement at the end of your release that total corporate yields were tracking up 7% in July. Can you talk about the Transportation side throughout the quarter relative to that? And just directionally, at 15.8%, your gross yield, should that from here, the way trends are going with more pricing coming through, go up or go down?
Chad Lindbloom: Okay, when you look at -- first of all, the 7% through the beginning of July is total net revenue. I don't know if that's what you meant by total corporate yields.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: I'm sorry, yes, that's what I meant, total net revenue. So that compared to, in the quarter, 3.7%. Could you take us through, not for the -- the truck side as opposed to the whole corporate side on the net revenue?
Chad Lindbloom: Sure. Volumes during the quarter as we already told you in the last call, April was similar to the first quarter at about 22%. May and June were both between 16% and 17% volume growth. Net revenue per business day increased on truckload services, total net revenue as the quarter progressed, which is seasonally normal. In the comparisons to last year, there was less decline as the quarter went on, on total net revenues for truck. And these trends are pretty true to Transportation other than many other multi-growth. So the trends of growth were strengthening as the quarter went on. Rates to our customers were also strengthening as the quarter went on. Compared to last year's second quarter, the rates were, excluding fuel for North American truck, we're roughly flat month-to-month, where they were increasing this year.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: So rate year customers, you're just saying were flat and that's the equivalent of what was down 3% in the first quarter?
Chad Lindbloom: No. I said last year's rates, month by month were the same each month during the quarter. This year, rates increased as the quarter progressed to our customers.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: I think you said on April call, that rates overall were still down 3% year-over-year. Can you give that equivalent?
Chad Lindbloom: Rates were down 3%?
John Wiehoff: It varies for full quarter.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: For first quarter in April, I thought you said that rates from your customers were averaging down 3% still on the truckload side. Is there an equivalent for that in the second quarter?
Chad Lindbloom: We had hit an inflection point and rates were starting to grow is what we said on the last call.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: But for the full quarter and first quarter, you're rates were up year-over-year? I thought you said for full quarter, they had been down 3% and they were directionally moving up each quarter?
Chad Lindbloom: Are you just asking what our total truck loads rates were to our customers during the full quarter or the last?
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: Yes, during the second quarter.
Chad Lindbloom: I'm sorry, that's on the release.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: What's that number?
Chad Lindbloom: 5%.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: And what did that same number look like, if you could just do that sequentially through the quarter?
Chad Lindbloom: It was 2%, 5%, 9% in June.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Scott Flower with Macquarie Securities. [Macquarie Research]
Scott Flower - Macquarie Research: Just a couple of things. I know John, I'm just curious if you could give us at least some color, you've mentioned that you got some other productivity things in the pipeline. If you could just give us maybe a little flavor for what types of things these might be and give us some framework for how to think about them?
John Wiehoff: Sure. So most of the productivity initiatives are intertwined with the technology in the operating system, and it really kind of comes down to how we share freight across our network and how many transactions per day an individual can reasonably accomplish. There would be pricing tools and other things that would support those initiatives that would allow us to figure out pricing pass-through and make commitment sooner. There is a lot of EDI and Internet connectivity things that would hopefully change manual processes into automated process. So the big picture is, that we would be, we have a pipeline or a roadmap of ideas and initiatives to try to make it, so that hopefully, all of our employees can be more proactive, serve their customers faster and do all the rest of that. And I guess the relevance of that, is when we look at sort of the productivity measures being at the high end of the range, we hope to keep redefining the range to the high side, but we know over time that at some point, you just have to add support and add people to the team in order to get through the next couple of quarters, and that's where we're at.
Scott Flower - Macquarie Research: And then the second question I had was just, has there been any change in the LTL carriers behavior to you. Have they tried to shift pricing or ship discounts or how they relate to you all as brokers, is there really no change there?
John Wiehoff: We deal with a lot of different LTL providers, at least a couple of hundred. And I would say in aggregate, there's definitely have been price increases this year, like there has in all modes of transportation. I think when we did kind of our internal review, we concluded that perhaps there were some more aggressive price increases, because a lot of the larger providers had been pretty aggressively going after market share last year when conditions were very weak. So carrier by carrier, it varies a little bit, but because of some of the significant operating losses and the changes, it feels to us a little bit like the LTL portion of the capacity industry is may be focusing more on yield and profitability and some of them raising prices more aggressively than others.
Scott Flower - Macquarie Research: What percentage is LTL of your Truck or Transportation business currently?
Chad Lindbloom: It's about 14% to 15% of total truck...
Chad Lindbloom: Net to second quarter, net revenue...
John Wiehoff: Of total net revenues from a shipment standpoint, obviously, it would be a much higher percentage.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Adam Longson with Morgan Stanley.
Adam Longson - Morgan Stanley: Just a quick question following up on some of the headcount things. It looks like your branch, number of branches actually declined in the quarter. And I was kind of curious, in a quarter where you're stepping up headcount, what the rationale behind that was? Was there a consolidation opportunity, or was it underperformance or something going on there?
John Wiehoff: The reduction in branches had to do with, I think, in two different cases, two branches consolidating and becoming one branch. [indiscernible] headcount, our branch size varies from two people to 600, so you can't really read into the branch number and headcount. The headcount adds are just branches who are busy adding having that adds to their people, more so than the fact that there is a different number of branches.
Adam Longson - Morgan Stanley: And just following up on some of the pricing questions before, when you look at your book of business, obviously, you're getting some traction on the pricing side. If you had to guess, and I know it's tough, what percent of your contract would you say today are either well below market, or at a level of profitability you feel is pretty unacceptable?
John Wiehoff: That gets really tough to assess, because we price on such a account specific decentralized basis. In many accounts, even during more stable times, we may have lots of lanes that we make money on and other lanes that we don't make money on, and the shipper understands that. And in aggregate, it's a healthy relationship for both of us. So it would be hard or misleading I think to give a percentage of the business that was underpriced. The way we think about it more is that, for each of our 30-some-thousand accounts, there are increasing cost in almost every source of capacity that we get. Some of that cost increase can flow through pretty quickly through transactional pricing where you'll just quote the load each day and you'll be able to pass it along. Wherever there is any sort of contractual or a longer-term price commitment, we generally see margins squeezed before we go in and reprice. And when that margin squeeze starts to happen, it will generally happen a lot more severe in one lane versus the next, and we'll start repricing it lane by lane or region by region. So again, I think it's probably frustrating to hear that answer from an analytical standpoint, but we actually think that's a real strength of our business model, that those pricing assessments and how the routing is done is handled on a very decentralized basis.
Adam Longson - Morgan Stanley: Have you seen any bit of relief from the whole seasonal downtick here, or anything that would be abnormal that gives you a chance to catch up though?
John Wiehoff: No, I would say probably the biggest thing that is different now from the beginning of the year is that, as the cost of hire was starting to increase, because everybody was a little weary coming out of the recession and not really excited about price increases of any sort, to think as the year started out, most shippers were really not receptive to any, much of any discussion around price increases. And I think almost everybody who we interact with today, those understand that the market's tightened a lot, things are changing, and at least in many instances, that price increases are appropriate. So we, like a lot of people in the industry, are starting to see some pricing traction and there is much greater awareness of what the overall market conditions are. But the challenge going forward is how much is that cost of hire going to increase relative to how fast you can pass it along. There's two separate parts to the equation and we've got to manage both of them.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair & Co.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Just want to talk a little bit, if you could, about the mix of maybe new versus existing customers, particularly about maybe a lot of customers showing up on your doorstep as they can't find enough capacity out there, and if that's coming through at some higher margin activity for you.
John Wiehoff: Definitely brand new business that tends to start off a spot is, in this type of environment has a higher margin than most of our contractual business. Our top customers, when you look at their net revenue, are growing roughly in line or maybe a little bit faster than the businesses as a whole. But some of that is further expansion versus margin expansion, so further penetration of the account.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: In terms of numbers that you're seeing though from the existing versus the new?
John Wiehoff: I don't have it in front of me but I know that we did have a meaningful number of new customers during the quarter. And obviously, whenever the markets is tight like this, your statement is correct that we would see a lot of new customer activity that does give us a lot of growth opportunities. So the important thing for us is that we make any existing service commitments that we make, we obviously have to service those first and take care of the customers that we have. So we have to balance the new opportunities with the incremental cost of capacity sourcing that we know we're going to experience.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: And then second question is related to some of the other businesses. In other modes of Transportation you saw kind of a nice pick up across the board in Intermodal, Air and Ocean. Obviously, part of that is the industry, but was wondering if there was anything different that you saw in those markets from your perspective?
John Wiehoff: Each of them probably has some of their own nuances that you're probably familiar with. The Intermodal business, we felt very good for the last several years about our momentum and our service capability in that. We've just had some margin compression that is still challenging because the capacity constraints are very severe, at least, in the Intermodal lanes and portions that we play in, because we appear third-party and rely on pool, or publicly available equipment, we do have capacity constraints there that do continue to put pressures on our margin but we feel very good about our service capabilities and our salesmanship in that we can execute on Intermodal freight, as well as anybody else. Our Ocean business got hit pretty hard a year ago. That industry was probably down, greater than any other Transportation mode or service. So we feel good momentum again there, but there's some pretty easy comparisons from a growth standpoint. Our outsourcing-management-fee-type business has been strong for the last couple of years as shippers continue to look pretty aggressively for cost saving and outsourcing and variable cost-type ideas, so that miscellaneous category of miscellaneous revenues and management fees continues to show nice growth for us as well. I would say that kind of aggregate message of all of that is, we have been selling a broader Transportation, account management, outsourced solution to try to help our customers with whatever mode or approach to services that works for them, and it continues to feel real good to us that we can help in a variety of ways. And whether it's truck and rail trade-offs or managing different routing things, or helping consolidate or build loads differently, it feels like there is more and more ways that we can use our people and our processes to try to add value.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tom Wadewitz with JPMorgan.
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I apologize if I'm overlapping with something you've already covered here, there was just, I guess an overlapping with another conference call. Anyways, in terms of gross margin in the Transportation segment, do you think you're pretty close to a bottom here? It seems like your comments on July net revenue would indicate that, that might be the case? Or do you actually think gross margin improves a little bit in third quarter versus second?
John Wiehoff: No, from a margin percentage standpoint, it gets so hard to predict just because of fuel prices and mix and fluctuation and all the rest of that. I guess the statement that we made in the prepared comments is that we went from, in the last 10 years, the high end of the range in Transportation to very near the low end of the range. So we know that comparison from the third quarter a year ago was back up towards that high end of the range. Where we go from here? There are so many variables in it. It's hard to predict. But what we shared through July is basically that the business trends that we're talking about have continued. We've continued to see high demand and volume growth, and we've continued to see margin compression compared to a year ago that results in more modest net revenue growth, but that the net revenue growth compared to the previous years is improving a little bit.
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I think you gave the increase by month and what you're getting from your customers, I think the 2%, 5% and 9%. What would that be by month in terms of what you were paying for capacity?
Chad Lindbloom: Compared to a year ago?
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes, on a year-over-year basis.
Chad Lindbloom: 10%, 11%, 16%.
John Wiehoff: And this would just be for Truckload. Correct, Chad?
Chad Lindbloom: Yes, this is North American Truckload, which is the same comparable it was for the rates of the customer. Again, that's how you get to the number for the full quarter that was given in the earnings release.
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So they're both accelerating through the quarter. Do you think you kind of stabilized with the, what, 16% in June? Do you think that kind of is as high as it gets? Or do you think it keeps accelerating as you look to July and third quarter?
John Wiehoff: That's the difficult part of all of this. That's almost impossible to predict. It really just depends upon how tight the market is and what happens to the cost of capacity and is there a fall peak and all those other things that it's not like we know and we don't want to share it. That's really impossible to predict.
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: A quick thought on gross margin and Sourcing, that seems to show some nice improvement, and then I'll pass it along.
John Wiehoff: Really just the mix of products each year and each season. We do a variety of things from some more import-oriented items where we handle them and package them a lot more and the margins are higher. And then there's other commodities that are lower margin, but pretty simple to handle. And we didn't have a tremendous amount of volume or growth from the organic side, but we did have good growth from the acquired business of Rosemont Farms. And when you mix it together, we just had a higher mix of -- a better mix of higher-margin product.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Chris Wetherbee with FBR Capital Markets.
Chris Wetherbee - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: I was wondering if maybe I could follow up on that question when you talked about the sequential progress of the cost of capacity relative to your pricing. When you think about July, that relationship between the price increases you're getting and what you're paying out, does that seem like it's holding relatively constant? Is there a more acceleration, a bigger acceleration on the price of capacity relative to the cost of improvements you're getting?
John Wiehoff: One other reasons why it's hard for us to share kind of mid-month metrics is because we don't really have a clear year-over-year comparisons on pricing information until we get to the end. So that's why for us internally, the net revenue is the best day-to-day gauge of kind of how those two things are playing off of each other.
Chad Lindbloom: But we track net revenue day by day. We do not track pricing day by day.
Chris Wetherbee - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And net revenues were up 7% through July based on what you have on the release, right?
Chad Lindbloom: Total net revenues, correct.
John Wiehoff: That's for the total company, not just Transportation.
Chris Wetherbee - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay, do you have a sense of what it is at least of order of magnitude relative within Transportation that you're willing to share, I guess?
Chad Lindbloom: I think we're going to stick with the total net revenues up 7%, and that's on a per-day basis. The number of business days are different in July, but they're the same for the full quarter.
Chris Wetherbee - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: When you think about pricing on the Truckload side, is there any discrepancy at all that you're seeing from the price of capacity with larger carriers relative to smaller carriers, and I know you tend to be a little bit more focused with the smaller guys. But is there any difference there that's meaningful at least that you're seeing?
John Wiehoff: Yes, and there would always be. So I think we've talked about this on past calls, but at least from our vantage point into the marketplace, the larger carriers typically have the more significant dedicated head haul arrangements with larger shippers. So it's common to have trailer pools. And they have, in general, a little bit different business model where the need to return the equipment and service the head haul freight for the more dedicated customers is more important. So their pricing on a lot of the capacity of theirs that we would have access to would be the traditional backhaul capacity, and that's where you'll see the greater fluctuations in pricing in the market based upon what's available or what's not. Because if that capacity is committed to going, running round trips and it has to return, and it's going to return today whether it's empty or not, they're going to be much more aggressive on pricing when freight is loose in the market. When it tightens up like this, the probability of finding their own freight or being able to do other things would go up quite a bit. A lot of the medium and small carriers that we work with that have much less of a fixed route guide or lanes that they're going to run into, they'll adapt to the market quite a bit more with the absence of that head haul freight. So we do see a much greater swing or a much greater variation in price and capacity availability between big and small carriers when market conditions change like this.
Chris Wetherbee - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: One last one on the Ocean side, clearly, and I think they're coming up from a bit of a low number last year. When you think about capacity in general from an Ocean perspective, does it seem fairly tight at this point? Or just a little bit of color if you could on that segment.
John Wiehoff: We've worked very hard with our capacity providers on the Ocean side to plan for that portion of our business as probably much more dedicated or contractual because of the nature of the business. And I know that we feel good about having access to capacity and being able to move the business with the relationships that we have in place. I also know that for those customers or new customers or those customers that have much greater volume than they anticipated or planned for in the beginning of the year when the contracting cycles with the steamship lines are out that it can be very expensive to find incremental capacity. So we've been able to get capacity, but much like many of the other modes, if you plan for it, you're okay, but the incremental stuff, the spot market is generally moving at pretty high prices.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Hoexter with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch: As the peak season comes through -- I know you talked a bit about the kind of contracts, but what percentage of your contracts do you feel like you've already gone through to reprice maybe over the past year?
John Wiehoff: Most all of the relationships are looked at weekly across the network. So what portion of them have been repriced? We wouldn't know because it goes lane by lane, and it's done across our branch network. But it's really -- I think it's an important difference to understanding our business and how we do things versus an asset-based model, where you can sort of control pricing centrally and kind of make distinct decisions to a finite number of contracts or by lanes. We have literally tens of thousands of relationships with thousands of lanes in each of those relationships. And they get repriced on a pretty fluid basis depending upon what the service commitments and the contractual agreements are across there. So it really isn't conceivable for us to aggregate to a percentage of what has been repriced.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch: I guess now as we hear a lot about the fleet aging and some of the carriers not really being able to finance and replace some of the tractors, does that create any service issues as you use a lot of the smaller carriers, as you see that age creep up at all?
John Wiehoff: We haven't seen any of that. To us, it really sort of equates to a pricing issue. If the capacity side has a difficult time adding capacity for whatever reason, old trucks, financing, driver shortage, new regulations, whatever, that pretty much translates into shortages and price increases that we will have to deal with. One of the things that we would pride ourselves on is making sure that the service standards don't suffer during whatever capacity shortage there might be. It might take more money to get that freight moved. But in terms of committing to the on-time pickup and delivery and managing claims and all the rest of that, we haven't seen any noticeable movements in our service, and we wouldn't expect there to be any. For us, it really is just a pricing issue.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Justin Yagerman with Deutsche Bank.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: It sounds like spreads began to come in a bit sequentially as you move through the quarter. I was hoping you could give some color, I guess, as to the actual gross margin by month movement, maybe what it's tracking at in July, and then how you would incorporate peak season surcharges into any kind of pricing discussions that you guys are having as you look out to third quarter and fourth quarter.
Chad Lindbloom: Okay, we are not going to give out gross margins month by month or for July. As far as peak season charges, all different types of things are considered, especially on the Truckload business when you are pricing and/or repricing business. So sometimes when you're looking for a year-long business, you have to not just consider the peak season, but what is it going to do on a year-long basis. And if it's a customer that we had a long relationship with, and we believe we will get the freight over a year-long period of time. As you're pricing, you have to consider that year-long type relationship versus just pricing for the peak season. If it's a customer that tends to come and go or is purely interacts on a transactional basis, yes, we will reprice month by month or day by day like John said. Most of our pricing arrangements are continuously being reviewed by the different account managers that deal with the customers.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: And then I guess when I look at cash flow and think about how we should start to see things trending as we move into, hopefully, a healthier period in the economy. I mean, should we begin to see a greater degree of free cash flow generation? It feels like right now that, I mean, accounts receivable has been moving pretty considerably and digging into what would otherwise, hopefully, be a strong free cash environment given what your bottom line results look like.
Chad Lindbloom: Yes, it's to a greater extreme in 2010. And I think a lot of that has to do with the great incremental sequential growth in gross revenues and receivable balances you've mentioned. But if you look over the history, the first and second quarter tend to be, seasonally, a ramp-up period, where the third and the fourth quarter gross volumes in terms of dollars tend to be pretty more flat with June. So as you ramp up volumes being gross revenue volumes, it takes a ramp up of working capital. If everything sustained itself and we collected in the same number of days and we did the same gross volume and we paid in the same number of days, you would see some stronger cash flow numbers. And if rates go down, volumes go down, fuel goes down, any of those things happen, it's a decrease in the working capital requirements, and our cash flows could exceed our earnings.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: So the cash flow is, in some ways, I mean, funding the market share growth that you guys have been paying with the Quick Pay and what have you to bring business in? Or is that the wrong way to look at it?
Chad Lindbloom: No, it's -- we always have a spread between receivables and payables. We always pay faster than we get paid. Historically, that's ranged from 13 days or so to 17 days. We're near the high end of that range right now. Our DSOs aren't necessarily at the high end of the range. It's more that our days of payable are shorter, and the bulk of that is an increase in people using Quick Pay and cash advances while they're on the road.
John Wiehoff: And we have consistently talked about the fact that, yes, we do use our balance sheet to take market share. And we do that through helping medium and small carriers with their cash flow, and we also do that through not having debt and having financial stability to offer to the shippers so that they don't have to worry about the churn of the capacity side or the creditworthiness of what's happening out there. Some from the standpoint of utilizing capital and utilizing financial stability to help add value in the marketplace is definitely something that we have always done and will continue to do.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Alex Brand with Stephens Inc.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: When I look at the GAAP between your pricing and what you're paying for Transportation, is there a point that should be soon where you can sort of accelerate your pricing to catch up? Or are we just behind the curve until Truck pricing becomes stable or comes down because of the contractual commitments that you've already made?
John Wiehoff: A big part of it is more of a comparison thing, that we're comparing to a year ago. Our gross margin for the quarter did not fluctuate out of the 10-year range. So a lot of it is just the comparison standpoint from a year ago, where we had the recession hitting us hard with the volume declines. So the way we think about it is you have this range of margin or you have this range of activity and you're going to fluctuate within it based upon the market conditions. And there are certainly parts of the freight that we're moving today that need to be repriced that we're working on. And at some point, hopefully, the market will allow us to catch up on that. But probably, the more relevant thing is just comparison stabilizing as we get further through the economic cycle.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: So maybe the focus should be on the fact that your pricing power has started to come and it's accelerating, that's maybe the more important thing, cyclically?
John Wiehoff: Yes, I think that's...
Chad Lindbloom: That's true in the industry as a whole, not just us.
John Wiehoff: Right.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: And is there anything you can tell us about perhaps your larger customers and their outlook for the second half and things they might be telling you about volume expectations?
John Wiehoff: No. We don't get great visibility to shipment expectations for the second half of the year. I would sort of second, what has been widely publicized in a lot of the media, there seems to be lots of anxiety and lots of uncertainty as to where it sorts out. Everybody is certainly aware, the larger customers that we interact with, everybody is certainly aware that there could be some real capacity shortages if there's a peak season. And because of all the industry things that we've talked about earlier and lots of planning and making certain that if market conditions get really nasty that they're in line for equipment and that we're ready to service them in the fall. And then in the next discussion, it's all about double dip. And will things gets soft again? And will it fall apart? And so it feels like kind of a more polarized perspective. And to us, the way we've always tried to approach it is to be flexible and be ready for whatever the market place is going to give to us. So we're certainly planning for the customers that we know we need to take care of, but also talking about tiered rate structures and flexibility and trying to make sure that we're all ready for whatever the market might deal to us in the second half of the year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Anthony Gallo with Wells Fargo.
Anthony Gallo - Wells Fargo: John, since you kind of touched on it, would you mind putting this period in perspective, looking back over the last 10 years. We know that '08, '09 to '10, we've seen some pretty wild swings in volume. But could you just put some perspective on how tight things are now versus prior periods and just a little color?
John Wiehoff: Sure. So I think we commented several times at the end of '08 and early '09 that the industry demand drop-off was greater than anything that we had probably seen since deregulation. That 15%, 18% drops in industry demand, and the market was unbelievably loose. And so for the first half of last year, that's when we were generating these gross margin percentages, that we're at the high end of the range for the last 10 years. I'm guessing maybe even much longer than that if we went back further. I don't have that in front of me, but it might be for the last 20 years or 25 years. So right now we're comparing to the high end of the range, and the market is tightening very aggressively. We've talked internally about over the last several months, it is tightening at a pretty fast pace compared to what we've seen in the past. But if you look at other metrics today around kind of route guide depth or kind of looking at our load boards around supply and demand, I think what most of our Transportation people would tell you is that the market today is not as tight as it's ever been in the last 10 or 20 years. It's getting there. It's tightening up very fast. But that if you look at service failures and route guide depth and some of those other things, it sure could get a lot tighter going forward. So it feels tight. It is tightening fast. It's a lot tighter than last year. But from a 10-, 20-year perspective, not at an all-time high.
Anthony Gallo - Wells Fargo: Just a little housekeeping around the Sourcing business. Would there be anything unique about seasonality in the second half? I know you've got some acquisitions that are lapping, just a little help on that, please.
John Wiehoff: No. With every acquisition and with every season comes the variability in freezes and crops and promotions, that different retailers may run and all the rest of that. So we would expect some continued variation in commodity mix for all those reasons. But I don't think there is anything predictable that we would know of for the second half.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Campbell with Thompson, Davis & Company.
David Campbell - Thompson Davis & Co: I just wanted to get a little bit of your opinions about the differences in trends between Truckload and less-than-truckload. For example, were cost increases percentage-wise different between Truckload and less-than-truckload in the second quarter in terms of per pound? Or how would you describe the differences in those two products?
Chad Lindbloom: Well, we can get a nice, clean average cost per mile, normalized in Truckload. That is really impossible to do in LTL because you have different class, different weight. So it's not just weight, there is weight, there is distance, there is class of freight, which is basically an equivalent for density. So it's very difficult for us to know what our underlying rates change by, especially since we're using 100 different carriers or more than 100, but 100 that we use in a significant way.
David Campbell - Thompson Davis & Co: So really hard for you to tell how the trends differ between the two services...
Chad Lindbloom: Yes, because we...
David Campbell - Thompson Davis & Co: In terms of bottom line?
Chad Lindbloom: At least with our systems, it's impossible to scrub down to a comparable number in the two periods.
John Wiehoff: So David, I mentioned before that some of the carriers have been very aggressive at increasing their pricing. So what that would mean is in a lot of the different tariffs that they would provide to us from a pricing standpoint, they're raising those tariffs, on average, a higher percentage. But there still might be literally thousands of origins and destinations and classes that they're adjusting at varying percentages. And when they do that, some of the freight will continue to move under that same tariff, and others will move to a different carrier or a different tariff because of the price increases when it goes through the routing guide. So even we have seen some fairly aggressive price increases from the industry, but quantifying that into exactly what did we experience on a similar-type shipment becomes a very confusing exercise.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Matt Brooklier with Piper Jaffray.
Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies: Given your comments regarding kind of tightness in capacity, and I think it would be across all modes of Transportation, and thinking about the second half of this year, how are you guys thinking about contractual capacity versus spot capacity? Has there been any change here in terms of the mindset as we move out into the second half of this year? And granted it's tough to tell directionally where things will head, but if things are tight now and volumes continue to feel strong in July, is there any reason for you guys to change your mix between contractual capacity and the spot capacity?
John Wiehoff: I think it varies a little bit mode by mode. In Intermodal, for example, where capacity is very tight, there are things -- you manage equipment differently, and you keep it under your control. And we may be doing other things to try to make certain that we gain access to as much capacity as we need in a real tight condition. On the Truckload side, we're always attempting to match our capacity commitments with the customers. So that would translate into more business reviews and more communications with customers to make sure that we do understand what the volume commitments might be going forward and trying to make sure that we have good matches there. Similarly, on the Ocean side, it comes down to talking about space in the fall with the providers and kind of blocking it out. So yes, when capacity gets tight, our carrier relationship conversations will change, and the data we put in there will be different. But it's hard to generalize as to exactly what we would do differently because the market is tight.
Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies: I mean is it fair to say you guys are signing up for more capacity on a contractual basis here and now? Or is it kind of you're looking at things and keeping kind of more of an even balance between the contract and spot capacity?
John Wiehoff: On the Truckload side, which is the vast majority of the business, it would not be correct to say that we're taking more of a contractual approach. We certainly work the relationships differently and make certain that the capacity that we've worked with in the past is going to be available in the future, but we do stay fairly short with our commitments. Again, it's a mutual thing. Most of those medium and small carriers want that. So what that translates into is that we take price risks. That we don't have long-term contractual pricing with a lot of the truckers. So that means if the market does get tighter, we have the challenge of continuing to pass on price increases to avoid the margin squeeze.
Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies: If I look at your headcount, you guys added roughly 100 heads sequentially from first into second. If we assume kind of good growth here continuing into the second half of this year, how many more heads do you think you need to add to the model to, I guess, stay balanced to some extent?
John Wiehoff: The heads can come a little lumpy just because of recruiting process and kind of starting them in classes and all the rest of that, but it will vary depending upon shipment activity. So it's hard to predict. But it's not unimaginable that we could add more than a couple, more than 100, each of the remaining quarters, that we would continue to staff up at, at least, the levels of the second quarter or more. Because we know, as I mentioned earlier, for the last year or so, we've had the advantage of kind of growing into our capacity a little bit, and we don't have that going forward. So if we have this type of volume growth, we'll definitely be adding heads faster than we have in the past few quarters.
Operator: Our final question is from the line of Tom Albrecht with BB&T.
Thomas Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets: Can you provide some commentary on Flatbed, whether that's volumes or rates? Because that seems to be the one space that is backed off from volumes we saw in April and early May. And then secondly, can you just address whether it's more competitive today to get loads from the shipping community, or if you've seen any change relative to your experience in the business?
Chad Lindbloom: Okay, on the Flatbed questions, we are seeing an increase in gross revenue per transaction. So we are, on average, charging significantly more to our customers. But our gross margin percentage like the rest of Truck is down, so our cost to capacity is increasing even faster. We are experiencing some modest -- or actually, our total volumes in Flatbed are roughly flat compared to last year's second quarter.
John Wiehoff: I do think the Flatbed portion of the Truckload industry has not seen quite the same aggressive tightening that the dry van or refrigerated part has. But we're relatively small in that compared to the other numbers.
Thomas Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets: I was thinking it was about 6% of your shipments, but -- so flat year-over-year. And then what about just in terms of the other question, the competitive element in getting business from the shipping community. There's a number of midsized brokers compared to five or 10 years ago, but they don't have everything that you have, and I'm just wondering if you could address that.
John Wiehoff: Yes. When we talk about kind of competitiveness and ultimately, I guess, that would translate into either more difficult getting volume growth or margin compression. And because our margins fluctuate for so many other reasons and because during this period of time there is lots of volume available in the marketplace, it gets really hard to assess the competitive impact on a quarter-by-quarter basis. What we have felt in the past and would generally feel to be true today is that there is more competition. There is more people taking a third-party approach. A lot of the carriers are pursuing it more aggressively. But we also believe that there's a lot of customers and a lot of people in the industry who understand the service capability and the value of the approach, such that the total portion of Transportation, especially on the Truckload side that is going through a third party or a broker is probably increasing pretty significantly. So relatively, if the third-party model is taking share and we're doing a better job as an industry of proving that our model is valid, while there may be more brokers, that doesn't necessarily mean that it's more competitive from a relative standpoint. So we do feel like what we are as an industry as more accepted and more prevalent today, and there are more of them. And it certainly will continue to get more competitive. But it has been a very competitive industry for the last couple of decades. Pretty much every shipment that we do is subject to multiple bids or lots of different things that have always been very competitive. So it's certainly a factor, but to us, that's more of a longer-term issue that we've just got to continue to monitor and make sure that our productivity and people training and systems and all the rest of that stays ahead as an industry leader.
Thomas Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets: And on the Flatbed, one more time. So flat year-over-year. But I mean sequentially, did you see a leveling off over the last three, four months even if you look back into the first quarter?
Chad Lindbloom: I don't have monthly Flatbed volumes with me so I can't answer your question.
John Wiehoff: We were looking at the data and there is some -- I mean, the Flatbed thing is confusing because it does look like some of the pricing increases have been there, but our volumes haven't been real strong. I guess what we've always talked about is because housing and some of the construction industries can have such a material impact on that, you can see some pretty unusual variations across the country and across the pricing. So we don't have great data on that.
Angela Freeman: Unfortunately, we're out of time, so that will have to be our last question. We apologize if we couldn't get to all of your questions today. Thank you for participating in our second quarter 2010 conference call. I want to remind you that this call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the C.H. Robinson website at chrobinson.com. It will also be available by dialing (800) 406-7325 and entering the passcode 4325612#. The replay will be available at approximately 7:00 p.m. Eastern Time tonight. If you have additional questions, please call me, Angie Freeman, at (952) 937-7847. Thank you.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-21 11:59:00) =====
Executives: Angie Freeman - VP, IR John Wiehoff - CEO Chad Lindbloom - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird Matt Troy - Citigroup Scott Flowers - Macquarie Securities Alex Brand - Stephens Inc. Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse Thomas Wadewitz - JPMorgan John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company Chris Wetherbee - FBR Capital Markets Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan 
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the C.H. Robinson first quarter 2010 conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over Angie Freeman, C.H. Robinson Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Freeman.
Angie Freeman: Thanks. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, CEO; and Chad Lindbloom, Senior Vice President and CFO. John and Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our first quarter performance, and we will follow that with a question and answer session. I would like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad, or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. With that, I will turn it over to John.
John Wiehoff: Thank you Angie, and thanks for everybody who is taking the time to listen to our first quarter call. I want to start by apologizing to anyone who we inconvenienced with our schedule change. We had an audit committee meeting yesterday. Our review process was complete. As most everyone knows, there's a lot of change going on in the marketplace and we have a lot of activities scheduled with customers, conferences for the next week, and we reached the conclusion that for a lot of reasons we'd be better off to share our results earlier and get them out to the marketplace since we were prepared to do that. So, we moved our call, and again, I apologize if that schedule change inconvenienced anyone. So, in terms of the first quarter, I'd like to start by highlighting just a few of the key financial results on the release. So, for the first quarter ended March 31st of 2010, our total revenues increased 22.9% to 2.1 billion. Our net revenues decreased 1.8% to 332.6 million. Income from operations decreased 1% to 136 million. Net income decreased 1.6% to 84 million, and fully diluted EPS was flat at $0.50 per share. In addition to these overall financial results, our press release gives more detailed growth percentages by our various service offerings. In our year end 2009 conference call, we discussed that 2010 was beginning with accelerating volume growth. However, year-over-year price declines and margin compression were resulting in relatively flat net revenue for January. Through the remainder of the first quarter of 2010, we continued to see strong volume growth, and the corresponding tightness of capacity in the transportation marketplace resulting in continued margin compression. As a result, for the first quarter of 2010, while we had a 23% increase in total revenues, our diluted EPS for the quarter was flat at $0.50.   Our transportation revenue increase of over 24% was primarily driven by transaction volume increases in services compared to last year.  A year ago at this time, the transportation industry was adjusting to unprecedented volume declines by the recession. Those volume declines resulted in overcapacity for all modes, a very soft market, and very significant bid activity, driving prices down. One year later, today, we are experiencing volume increases, capacity tightening and assessing what price adjustments might be necessary. As we discussed every quarter last year and very often in the past, one primary component of our business model that's important to understand in assessing our results is the timing variances in transportation, customer pricing, and capacity procurement that can result in meaningful fluctuations to our gross margins, particularly in the truckload mode which is our dominant source of revenue. Virtually all of our truckload capacity is sourced daily with prices that adjust daily or at least very quickly when market conditions change. Some of our customer pricing arrangements are also transactional and can adjust quickly, but major portions of our customer pricing are committed or contractual rates that have a longer term or expectation to them, and require a longer process to notify and adjust when market conditions change. The gross margin fluctuations that result from our pricing practices are hard to predict, based on market conditions that can change pretty fast, and our decentralized approach to account management and pricing. A year ago, while we were coping with volume declines, we were able to benefit from lower truckload cost of capacity for several months, while customer rates were gradually adjusting downward. We're now experiencing an increase in our truckload cost of capacity, and it will take us a longer period of time to adjust customer pricing upward, where appropriate. This recession has caused volume changes the past year that were pretty extreme, which has also generated margin fluctuations for our business that have been quite significant. Despite the magnitude of the fluctuations, we are very comfortable at Robinson that the market is responding to demand and supply fluctuations very much like it always has, with price and capacity adjustments. We're very encouraged and positive about our volume growth in transportation and the strength of our relationships and our ability to provide value. We have a lot of different metrics that we measure our success, but shipment volume, market share, and our scope and strength of customer relationships have always been some of those critical metrics that we look at to gauge our long term success. We felt pretty good about those metrics in the first quarter of 2010. Gross margin fluctuations are a part of our business model that we believe we are very capable of managing, but they're difficult to predict, and they can have a significant impact on our results in the short term. Our sourcing business revenues grew 17.7% in the first quarter, from both the acquisition of Rosemont Farms as well as organic volume growth. Our sourcing gross margins compressed compared to a year ago as well, due to a variety of factors including commodity mix and customer price reductions.  Our information services business, where our primary source of revenue is driven by refilling transactions, showed nice growth as this portion of our business is fee-based and net revenue growth will correspond more immediately with the volume increases in the marketplace. With regards to our operating expenses for the first quarter of 2010, I'd share the following remarks. Our employee count is roughly flat from the beginning of this year. Our variable performance-based pay system helps drive our variable cost model, and resulted in personnel cost being down 4.2% compared to the first quarter of last year.  The increase in volume and activity during the first quarter of this year did result in significant improvement in many of our productivity metrics. We're very focused on further productivity gains through automation and process improvement within all of our teams, and believe that we can continue to drive further improvements. We've also remained active in hiring and training a level of new employees for turnover replacement, and we do feel confident that we can accelerate hiring activity if continued volume growth warrants it. Transitioning to some thoughts, looking forward to the remainder of 2010; first, as we shared in our press release, our net revenue activity for the first three weeks of April is approximating that of our first quarter results. The trends of volume increases in transportation, offset by significant gross margin compression have continued. We believe our decentralized branch network is a strength in making the correct long term relationship decisions with regards to price and service, specific to each account and circumstance around service and commitment. The decentralized approach also makes it more difficult to predict or quantify when and how price adjustments will occur. Our network is focused on providing service, growing, building relationships, and adjusting prices where appropriate to move with the market. We've been adjusting rates in some lanes with some accounts. However, we do believe at this point, the truck market continues to tighten, and the cost of capacity is continuing to increase as well. Accordingly, it's too soon to know, what if any impact price adjustments would have on our gross margins for the second quarter or the remainder of the year. We know that from the standpoint of historic gross margin ranges, we have a few more quarters of challenging comparisons to live through. Our margins have always fluctuated, and will continue to in the future. Our business processes for working through these market cycles have worked for decades, and we feel very confident and our approach in the marketplace is very solid now. We are growing volume in our service offerings. We believe we are continuing to take market share. While our margins are less than a year ago, we remain very profitable, and believe we are building sustainable relationships. We feel good about our team, and continuing our long term success. Those are my prepared comments, and with that I will turn it over to Chad for a few prepared comments.
Chad Lindbloom: Thanks, John. I am going to give some comments on our balance sheet and cash flow statement. Our balance sheet remains strong, with cash and investments of approximately $282 million. Our investment in working capital increased as is normal in times of increasing volumes. Our accounts receivable is up a 119 million during the quarter, offset partially by an increase in accounts payable of 37 million. We continue to feel good about the quality of our accounts receivable portfolio, and our ageing looks as good as it ever has. During the first quarter of this year, our total provision for doubtful accounts was $2.6 million compared to $3.9 million last year. We have discussed in the past our strategy of maintaining a strong cash position to fund working capital fluctuations and provide flexibility. In addition to our increased investment in receivables, we paid approximately $90 million of 2009 accrued compensation during the fourth quarter we paid a $42 million dividend and repurchased 1,250,500 shares at an average price of $54.54. Our capital strategy has remained consistent. That concludes our prepared remarks, and we will now open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from the line of Jon Langenfeld with Robert W. Baird.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: On the productivity side, how are you managing the volume of transactions with, I guess your what, 4%, 5% fewer average employees in the quarter? And if we think of that average employee count, is that primarily in the transportation side or would that be across the board?
John Wiehoff: It is primarily in transportation, and I guess the historical reference on that is, if you go back a year ago on the first quarter, we started 2009 with 8% more employees than we had in the beginning of the previous year, and our volumes were down double digits. So while we made some adjustments through our network last year, we were very conscious that we were not adjusting the network all the way down to where we thought would be kind of longer term productivity metric.  So we, I guess in manufacturing terms, carried some excess capacity throughout the year last year to make sure that we were ready to respond to whatever kind of changes happened in the last half of 2009 and going forward. So what we have seen tail end of '09 and first quarter of this year is volume increases that have taken most of our productivity metrics back up to where we'd like to see them. So it feels a little bit like we're maybe approaching a crossroads now where if we do see continued volume growth sequentially, that we're going to start to have more and more pressure to add resources to respond to that.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Okay, good context. And then separately, you have a large customer that's moving more towards controlling a larger portion of its own freight versus having the vendor control it. How does that play out for you guys? Do you see that more as an opportunity, is that more of a risk, and how do you manage that relationship?
John Wiehoff: From a transportation standpoint with the customer I believe you're referring to, we would see it as an opportunity. So I guess in any relationship assessment like that, if you have a lot of current freight with them, you have the risk of losing it versus the tradeoff of gaining new opportunities. With most of the very largest retailers, we do not have a very direct transportation presence outside of the produce or perishable area. So, a lot of the bid activity and supply chain activity that we're aware of today is more focused on dry transportation in other areas where we haven't been as large of a player. So, for the most part, we're seeing transportation opportunities. We have discussed in the past within the sourcing world, several of the larger retailers continue to look at their supply chain and are making different procurement decisions of things where we have a little bit more at risk in terms of losing opportunities to source or provide transportation within the produce or perishable area.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Troy with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Matt Troy - Citigroup: Can you refresh our memory? There seems to be now near consensus euphoria almost on the truckload side that there's a capacity crunch, and you can certainly see that reflected in the TL stocks and multiples. Understanding you guys' lag has been in the two to three quarter basis just because of that net margin compression, but shouldn't a capacity crunch sooner ultimately help you guys stabilize margins, as there would be a failure in the supply chain and you'd be able to pass on pricing increases more easily?
John Wiehoff: It's a good question, and we've had a lot of discussions here over the last couple of quarters about going through this part of the cycle, and exactly how and when to re-price and what type of a scenario is easier or harder. Part of what makes answering that question difficult for us is that decentralized approach that we have towards pricing and account management. So, we look at it and say, hey, there's literally thousands of different commitments out there, service commitments, promises, where we're doing different things. So it's hard to aggregate all of those unique relationships into exactly what sort of market conditions are going to provoke the quicker re-pricing. The other thing that we've talked a lot about is just the fact that given the severity of the recession and the cost-cutting and so much pressure that was on the industry side of it, it does feel like maybe the shipper community is just a little bit more stressed and fatigued and cost-focused than maybe they would be during normal market fluctuations. Other variables that we have discussed is the unique changes on the capacity side around pending regulations around CSA 2010 or any of those other things that might be causing the capacity side to think differently about how and when they are adding capacity. So theoretically, in general, yes, if the market moves aggressively, that would help everybody understand quicker that price adjustments are necessary. But each market cycle seems a little bit unique in terms of some of the dominating considerations that might cause every carrier, every shipper, to interact a little bit differently, and we have got a pretty decentralized network with a lot of that going on.
Chad Lindbloom: Sure, and there's nuances in every cycle, but the core understanding that supply chain failure, the inability to get capacity ultimately is the hard stop which makes pricing easier to pass through.
John Wiehoff: Yes; service failures that result from that which will trigger behaviors. Yes, that’s correct. 
Matt Troy - Citigroup: Got it. And the second question, just for Chad. It's been a while, but we've hit the reset button, we're in a new year; could you just refresh us, as we think about labor cost, personnel cost and the model, what the comp (plan) accrual might look like? Is there same kind of rates we've have heard about in the past that was in line with the long term growth objectives, or any moving parts and pieces in that comp line outside of headcount we should be wary of as we anniversary a very tough year in the model? 
Chad Lindbloom: If you are talking about the comp formulas tied to long term 15% growth, I think you're referring to our equity program, more specifically our performance-based restricted stock. 
Matt Troy - Citigroup: Yes.
Chad Lindbloom: The formulas have not changed, so it's still the number of shares that are available, so that times the growth percentage plus five percent in a simplified way. There are many other cash programs. There's some that are just based on an earnings level, and there are also some that are based on incremental growth and earnings above expectations at the branch level.  So, some of those could, both the restricted stock as well as some of those other cash growth programs could cause, if our growth when accelerated, that could be a slight drag on personnel as a percent of net revenue, but we believe that would be a good problem to have.
John Wiehoff: Right, so unlike the asset-based transports, we're seeing some of that kick-in. For you guys, it would require more growth which isn't a bad problem to have later in the year.
Chad Lindbloom: So our personnel as a percent of net revenue might go up slightly, a percent or two, but again, the (actual) earnings, well, should be growing even faster than that. So, I hope we have that problem.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Flowers with Macquarie Securities. Please go ahead.
Scott Flowers - Macquarie Securities: Just a couple of questions; one, I know that obviously things are different every cycle, and you don't necessarily manage to a net revenue number, but when I look at your net revenue margins on a sequential basis, I guess I was surprised to see actually a decline. I don't think I've ever seen that happen. Is that perhaps speaking to a different kind of marketplace than what you've seen traditionally? Obviously you'll manage it. I'm just trying to get a sense of how I should think about that.
Chad Lindbloom: Are you saying, I think you've ever seen the client from a fourth quarter to a first quarter, is that what you're saying?
Scott Flowers - Macquarie Securities: Yes. That's correct.
Chad Lindbloom: I don't have a lot of first quarters in front of me, so I can't say whether it is the first time or not, but one of the dynamics we've been talking about throughout the second half of last year was, our pricing to our customers was relatively flat sequentially, but we were starting to see some cost increases to the carriers. Now all those rates are excluding the estimated impacts of fuel. What we experienced in the first quarter is again relatively flat pricing to our customers sequentially, and continued increases from the carriers sequentially. I can tell you it's the first time, but it is kind of unusual for our transportation margins to be lower in the first quarter than the fourth because the first quarter tends to be the loosest. I think it has more to do this time with where we are in the cycle in the increasing demand relative to supply versus that overweighed the seasonal impacts that we usually see.
Scott Flowers - Macquarie Securities: And then the second question, and its kind of related is, obviously the large public carriers you talked about, their newfound disciplined in the TL side about reducing capacity and etcetera, and obviously they've had a pretty significant drop in their seeded tractors. Are you seeing any differences in the more fragmented, smaller mom and pop end or the smaller carriers that do make a large part of your carrier base? Is there any difference in how they behaved in this market versus the larger TL carriers?
John Wiehoff: I would say, not one specific thing that we could point out. It's a lot of players; its tens of thousands of players. But in general, we've gone through a quite a long period of time now where there's been this gradual reduction of capacity that's come out of the marketplace. I think the good questions that have been asked and that we've been asking ourselves and struggling with is when you look at the supply and demand fluctuations, it feels like over the last four or five years for a laundry list of reasons, the capacity side, not just the big ones, but all of them have maybe been a little bit more hesitant to add capacity, or that all the elements that it takes to add capacity like insurance and financing and the hours of regulatory restrictions and all that, that maybe capacity doesn't flow into the market in any sized carrier quite as easily as it used to. But again, that's just sort of a general industry discussion caution. It's really hard to evaluate the 80 to 100,000 medium small carriers out there and understand whether they as a group are behaving the same or not.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Brand with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Alex Brand - Stephens Inc.: Chad, you usually give us weight per shipment changes in LTL. And can you just talk maybe about TL and LTL volume trends by month and the quarter as well? 
Chad Lindbloom: Okay. On the TL volume trends, on a growth perspective, they increased sequentially when you look at the absolute numbers, but from a growth perspective compared to last year, the growth rate was relatively consistent throughout the quarter. When you look at LTL weight per shipment, it's down 4% compared to last years. But remember, last year was also down, if I remember right, right around 10% per shipment. So the rate of decline has slowed in the weight per LTL shipment. When it's only 4%, maybe some of it's due to the customer mix. When it was 10%, we were pretty comfortable that like shipments were down, on a weight per shipment. 
Alex Brand - Stephens Inc.: With respect to pricing or passing through carrier pricing, is there a significant difference in what you're seeing in TL versus LTL at this point?
Chad Lindbloom: TL on the buy side is much less transactional. Almost all of our LTL are bought under a contract, or we have committed rates from the carriers. So they give us a notice when they're going to change prices, which gives us time to give notice to the customer as well, and it comes to be easier to adjust the prices because when LTL carriers, being that the capacity is so concentrated relative to truckload, it's a known event when LTL rates are going up.
Alex Brand - Stephens Inc.: It sounds like you're not yet at the point where you guys feel like you can push price with the shippers, and maybe that's to come sometime in the next few months. Is there a decision you could make or you would be willing to make at some point, that you need to get price and you're willing to push that a little bit harder even if you had to give up some volume?
John Wiehoff: Well, again to kind of repeat some of the things that I started to touch on in the prepared comments, we are adjusting pricing up. So, we have reached that point where there are lanes, there are accounts that have reached that tipping point. And we have in the March, April timeframe seen in aggregate some slight increases in the pricing. So remember, we have this decentralized network with all these decisions happening across hundreds of locations, and we're sitting here analyzing kind of the collective behavior of our network and trying to share what we see and what makes sense based on the marketplace. So we are starting to see customer pricing moving up; however, carrier pricing is moving up as well too. So when the market starts to turn like this, we not only need to raise customer prices, we need to raise them at the same rate as carrier pricing, or a faster rate in order to improve margins if we want to go there. So it has started to turn, but I guess the message that we're trying to share is, in the last couple of months we've seen the truckload market tighten pretty aggressively. So, it's starting to happen, but it takes time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Ceraso with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse: I've got a couple of questions also on the carrier base, and maybe you can give us some ballpark numbers. I mean, you've got a large base of carriers; in many cases you're a short term lender. Do you have a feel for how many of these carriers you would consider to be distressed from a credit perspective, and what have the trends been in that regard?
Chad Lindbloom: We are not a short term lender to carriers, just to clarify that. We do have Quick Pay Programs, but when we do issue Quick Pay, they've already delivered the goods. We do advance money to carriers en route, but again, we confirm that they've picked up the freight and that as a standard loan we give them half of what we owe them for that shipment while they're en route. So we never feel like, in our core C. H. Robinson business that we're a lender to the carrier. One exception to that is, we do what's a T-Chek extend term, sometimes up to a week for fuel purchases of those carriers. But again, that's more of a trade payable than a lender. And with regards to the kind of overall health of the carrier community, a lot of the economics for the medium and small carriers come down. When you see a very soft market like last year, and utilization deteriorates, in that medium, small, especially owner/operator world, what that translates into is direct lower wages for them to kind of take home after they've made their equipment payments and paid for fuel. So, while there has been a lot of turnover and capacity reduction over the past, when the market starts to tighten like this, as a broad statement I would say that that's going to drive much more effective utilization for everybody in the market and should start to improve the net take home pay of the wages for the medium and small carriers and improve their financial health going forward in this type of a market. I think the key thing is, all those variables that I rattled off before of what will it take to create extra capacity, what will it take to cost to get more trucks and more drivers into the market but the actual financial health of those existing carriers we would think in general would be starting to improve in this part of the cycle.
Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse: Okay, and then maybe a similar question, more about the equipment. Are there any carriers that you had to stop using because maybe they haven’t replaced their equipment in a long enough time and it’s starting to hurt their reliability?
Chad Lindbloom: We have score cards and metrics that we manage your carrier performance, but it wouldn’t be isolated to specific equipment issues. I mean if they have a service failure with us it's more generally a service failure that may be didn’t show up for whatever variety of reasons, so we wouldn't isolate that variable in terms of why we might be scaling back with the carriers. So I couldn’t help you specifically with that, but we are constantly moving more or less freight to all of the 50,000 carriers that we deal with, but we wouldn't isolate that equipment variable.
Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse: Okay so big picture, you don’t see any overarching trends on either of those fronts that suggest there is a reduction in the number of carriers that you can use?
Chad Lindbloom: No, I like I said earlier I think the general conversation topics that we've had internally and in the industry is that if you look at all of the components that are required to add capacity for any size carrier, that it appears compared to five or ten years ago, when you are talking about OEM status, financing, regulatory rules around emissions or hours of service, getting insurance for a new driver, getting a driver given driver demographics that perhaps it's going to be more challenging to add capacity going forward than it has been in the past. But again the carrier community would probably have greater insight to that than we would.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Wadewitz from JPMorgan.
Thomas Wadewitz - JPMorgan: Good morning, I wanted to ask you some comments on the language you had in your press room release about April, and I think you kind of repeated the comments on April. Wait, you said, I think flatten that revenue in the first couple weeks. Is that in similar trend, does that imply that you look at second quarter, you think that second quarter net revenue would be flat versus first, that would be pretty unusual, seasonally or you are more trying to say that we are still going to have strong volumes and gross margin pressure. So kind of the broader factors are similar, but you would still expect some normal seasonality in terms of second quarter being a bit stronger than first.
Chad Lindbloom: What we meant was, and I hope we said this is, in the first quarter our total net revenues were down 1.8% compared to last year's first quarter. We think the growth or decline through the first few weeks of April is the same. So when we look at the first few weeks of last year's April to first few weeks of this year's April, net revenues are down about the same on a growth percentage basis as they were for the first quarter. We're not trying to say that April looks exactly like the first quarter on a net revenue per business day basis.
Thomas Wadewitz - JPMorgan: Okay, it's more the year-over-year decline that looks similar.
Chad Lindbloom: Correct.
Thomas Wadewitz - JPMorgan: Okay, great, I appreciate that clarification. I know you've been asked a lot of questions about kind of how the market is moving here and so forth, but wanted to ask you one in terms of timing of bids in your contract side. So you're kind of 50-50 on the customer side, spot and contract. Do you have more of your contract business coming up this time of year, where in second quarter you could see those rates move up just as a function of the timing of the contract re-pricing, or are your contracts not really set up that way where you have more of the contracts re-priced in the April, May, June timeframe?
Chad Lindbloom: Well, it's a good question and our assessment of the marketplace and kind of the way we would describe how pricing works on the customer shipper side is that most shippers reserve the privilege of doing a bid when they see it appropriate to do it. So some of them have a regular pattern where they will do an annual bid. However, most of them reserve the privilege of only bidding portions of their freight or portions where they would think it would be advantageous for them to test the market pricing or look for declines. So, even with the larger customers who do bids, whether they do them regularly or under what sort of cycle that they do them, when the market is starting to move this way for all the obvious reasons, most of those customers would not be doing bids, or they'd be putting a lot less of their activity in the bids. So what that does is, both from a transactual or contractual standpoint, during this part of the cycle, it's incumbent on the provider to initiate the rate discussions, and sometimes there's 30-day notices. Sometimes providers will just start to decline freight; they'll let it show up in service deterioration of load acceptance ratios or other things. We tend to honor our commitments and perform under the contractual requirements and absorb any margin compression that goes with that until we have that open discussion about, we can't perform at this level anymore, we either need to re-price or start moving the volume. So there's unique dynamics, but we don't see any sort of regular predictable pattern towards bids that facilitate price increases or price adjustments from an upward standpoint. We have to decide tactically based on each relationship and what’s going on in the marketplace when to initiate that. 
Thomas Wadewitz - JPMorgan: You provided some comments about re-pricing of lanes in March and April that that was beginning to happen. So do you have a pretty good degree of conviction that your pricings going to improve through the second quarter? I know it's relative to what you have to pay on the carrier side, but given the comments on March and April, do you  feel like you are spilling some momentum in terms of getting the contract pricing up in the second quarter? 
Chad Lindbloom: I would say, based on March and April, we are seeing small percentage increases and a growing conviction that price increases will happen and will stick. But as I said earlier, we are also seeing carrier prices continue to rise as well too. So, the fact that prices are moving up does not necessarily translate into instant margin stabilization or improvement. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Barnes with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets: John, you talked about LTL pricing. Most of your LTL’s are under contract. Are you in a similar situation now with the LTL's having announced rate increases kind of across the border, are you seeing in your LTL rates? I guess that goes along with what you were just talking about on you having to initiate the discussion with your customers. Are the LTL’s initiating the discussions with you now?
John Wiehoff: It would be very similar to truckload in that it is a negotiation process, both with our carrier base and with our customer base. I think the comment earlier was accurate that it's sort of easier to initiate discussions, or be certainly aware that they are necessary because of fewer larger LTL carriers and the visibility of the press releases and the notification of price increases. But that does not mean that we automatically get to pass them along to all of our customers.  And furthermore, one way that we add value in the LTL community is to be a single source provider with a more diverse carrier base for a lot of the shippers. So, we might be using either 10 LTL providers, and four or five of them will come out with a price increase. The percentages might vary, and then we have to decide what’s appropriate based on the blend of business; is there any routing changes that should occur, and what if any aggregate price increases would we try to pass along to a customer?  So the dynamics are a little bit different, and they are moving up just like the truckload pieces. But again it’s a negotiation process that to us is very account-specific and handled on a decentralized basis based on service requirements. 
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets: And then, I know your network's fairly decentralized, you may not have great numbers on this. But can you give us any idea, the volume improvements as the quarter progressed, can you kind of point to the verticals in your business that you saw that were starting to see some pretty good improvement, where the strength came from?
Chad Lindbloom: That's a good question. I don't know that we have that. There's nothing noticeably different by industry vertical. We continue to analyze and look at our customer base as a whole, or (only) for large customers and try to classify it, and it's more the customer-by-customer story and it more often has to do with our gains of market share, loss of market share with them than we can grow our pattern on industry verticals.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets: And then Chad, could you just remind us kind of what your goal is in terms of cash on the balance sheet, and has that changed at all versus what you talked about in 2009?
Chad Lindbloom: I look back to see what I said about our goal, and what I could find is, sometimes I said 250 to 350 and sometimes I said 300 to 400. So maybe we're still within reason of either of those goals, and we still believe that is our consistent goal. And part of the reasons why I kept to the low end of the range, or got out the bottom end of the range is the volume growth, especially in March was more significant than we predicted when we decided how many shares we were going to re-buy during the quarter. So again, there is a slight variance that to bring it back up, maybe we will slow down a little bit on the share repurchases to what we would have otherwise, but the first quarter, we intentionally just said is down a little bit compared to what we were doing at the end of last year, because we knew we are paying out the bonuses as well of $90 million. So it's a consistent strategy that we are continuing to maintain, and feel good about where we ended up.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair & Company. Please go ahead.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company: We focused a lot on the contractual pricing, but wanted to talk a little bit more about the spot activity. Typically, we have always said in times of disruption that that's usually good for C.H. Robinson gaining a little bit of activity here and there. Wanted to see if that indeed is happening here and there in terms of the (lien) this quarter, and also then in terms of what you're seeing in terms of pricing on the spot side?
Chad Lindbloom: The price increases that we are seeing across the network, it's not easy for us to split those between where there was an existing contract or not. Even with a lot of those transactional customers, there tends to be a history of pricing that's in place that when they call, while there might not be a contractual promise to move it at that, there is an expectation in place as to what pricing in that lane has been for a while. And as I kind of suggested earlier, even in the more transactional world, it's typically incumbent upon us to raise the discussion on whether a higher rate is appropriate. So that certainly would be the portion of the freight that starts to re-price faster and is being re-priced in the March and April timeframe. It is those longer term contracts where many of those were just in early discussions and if there is a price adjustment there is generally an effective date at some point in the future, which is another reason for the lag on customer pricing in all the different parts of cycle. So a lot of the price adjustments that are coming in, March and April would be on the portion of the continuum of relationships where pricing is a little bit more fluid and a less formal contract in terms of pricing notifications. I would also say part of the volume growth we're experiencing, this isn't as much of a comment on pricing as it is volume is because in general we believe, and the data we've seen leads us to believe that shippers are going a little bit deeper in their route guide. So, some of the freight growth we're experiencing might be where we're the second or third carrier in the route guide. So we weren't seeing that freight six months ago, but we're starting to see it now.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company: That's good color. And then second, in terms of the market share gain, and that's probably a little bit part of it, but just wanted to see if you could comment a little bit in terms of where you're seeing that the most, is that within greater penetration of your top say 200 or 500 accounts or is it dipping down in some of the smaller, medium sized shippers?
Chad Lindbloom: It's pretty much across the board. There's definitely been a rebound in some of our larger customer accounts where their volumes were very compressed a year ago, and that activity is back. But I know that we also added several thousand active customer IDs over the last couple of quarters as well. Our network is out very aggressively, looking for new opportunities and kind of growing across the continuum like we have in all parts of it. So, when we look at industry growth, vertical growth, customer size, margins, all the rest of that, it does seem pretty spread across the customer base of all shapes and sizes and industries. There really isn't anything that jumps out at us in terms of specific verticals or growth opportunities that were disproportionate to everything else in the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Wetherbee of FBR Capital Markets. Please go ahead
Chris Wetherbee - FBR Capital Markets: I guess, just if I could comment a bit more on the pricing side, when you think about the price you're paying on the spot side from truckload carriers, just a sense kind of in order of magnitude at least sequentially what you're seeing there? I mean, have we seen a step-up? The first couple of weeks of April, are we seeing the steady kind of year-over-year increases just continue where they are?
Chad Lindbloom: Based on the first few weeks of April, excluding our estimated impacts of the cost of fuel, sequentially the rate is up; maybe it's somewhere between 1 and 2, pretty close to 1.5% on a sequential basis. I'm looking at April compared to March. March was up compared to February as well. 
Chris Wetherbee - FBR Capital Markets: Okay. And when you think about the order of magnitude of the price increases that you are starting to be able to affect with your customers in the March and April timeframe, does it seem like the match is there relatively closely or is it going to start with the slower process on the front end and then accelerate over time as you are getting a little bit more traction with your customer base?
Chad Lindbloom: The customer, again, April over March is closer to 1%. So there is still, in April I think, we've alluded to this, we are still experiencing margin contractions even though our prices to our customers have started to rebound.
Chris Wetherbee - FBR Capital Markets: That's helpful. And then just switching gears onto the headcount side for a second, could you give us sense of kind of, through the first few weeks of April and how you look at the volume outlook relative to your headcount and where you think you might need to go, kind of going forward with overall headcount, based on what we are seeing?
Chad Lindbloom: I would say that during the first quarter, we were busy. We were able to meet all of our service requirements and do what we needed to do, but as I suggested earlier while we moved up within our, kind of key productivity metrics and stuff, we feel like we can sustain this and that there are opportunities for further process improvements to the way that we route freight, to automate things. We've got a long list of initiatives, that we would kind of target that.  We also do know that over time though, that people are only capable of a certain level of activity in terms of selling, customer service, account management, covering loads, all the rest of that activity, so if sequentially our business activity, continues to grow and pick up from the levels that they are at today we'll need more people. So we have that hiring pipeline, that's open at any point in time. We're hiring for replacements and there's some level of activity of turn in the network, and we're prepared to kind of add whatever we need to on a net basis to make sure that we keep servicing our customers the right way.
Chris Wetherbee - FBR Capital Markets: Great, that's very helpful and I guess just one final question, just on free cash flow from a working capital perspective. Clearly the volume's come back; you absorbed some of that, your accounts receivable will go up. Can you give us a sense of kind of how you think about that as you get into I guess more of a sustained growth type of environment and how you may be able to manage that down a little bit going forward?
Chad Lindbloom: Our working capital, if you look at days of sales outstanding, it fluctuates a little bit and in times of extreme growth, especially when you're calculating based on the whole quarter sales, it looks like the DSO goes up maybe a little bit more than it does. So when you do have a quarterly calculation, our DSOs are up a little bit compared to the end of the year. I think as the rate of increase normalizes more and the market stabilizes a little bit more, if that ever happens, I think that yes you'll see maybe working capital stay up, but the incremental working capital that's added might slow down.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Yagerman with Deutsche Bank, please go ahead.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank: Just to clarify a point that you were making earlier, it sounded like you guys would add head count if you need to given where your productivity is. Would you do that before that net revenues stabilize?
Chad Lindbloom: Net revenue is one key metric, but depending upon, volume is a pretty important one as well too. If we're seeing lots of volume coming in the door and lots of growth opportunities that we believe have good long term sustainable opportunity to them, but there are going to be tight margins in the beginning. We might add people a little bit ahead of the net revenue, but not a lot and not for a long time.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank: And when I think about, I mean we're now in the second quarter of net revenue decline in a row, and it’s pretty much the most I have in my model going back When I look over history, probably don’t have a public recession that we in maybe as tough as this last one that we went through. When you guys think longer term and go back through the history of the company, what’s the longest period of time that you guys have had in net revenue decline on a quarterly basis, even in pre-public history.
Chad Lindbloom: I think there might have been one in '01 or '02 where we were down slightly, and besides that I frankly, at least on a yearly basis am not aware of a year where net revenues declined. And again this is a completely different economic environment that we have ever experienced.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank: I know, absolutely; that's kind of why I was asking.
Chad Lindbloom: One of the beauties of the business model is, although our earnings have been $0.50 for the last three first quarters, it may go down with the recession, which is one of the good things that we talked about last year and feel really good about the business model. And it has been a great test for the business model that our cost can also be variable on the downside.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank: Just a follow up to that, as you are going through the quarter are you guys able to manage volume versus margin compression on a regular basis, how do you think about as you have increasing volumes coming on and if you really felt like it was starting to get to the point where it was compressing margins too much. Could you turn it off mid-quarter if need be?
John Wiehoff: Again, like we've always said, those decisions are decentralized and are out in the branches, and I think it would happen naturally that if you look at one branch in isolation and they're already stretched, they're probably going to price their business more aggressively. So hopefully what you would see is it would be a higher profit business as they're taking people on like John mentioned earlier. It might be a short term where they think the net revenue might not be as high as we want it, but if they believe in the long term they've all made the right business decisions is our belief.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Hoexter with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: John, just looking at the market, is there anything that's changed that you're back on to your 15% out of this downturn, do you stick with that? Is there anything fundamental you see that's changed that would avoid that kind of long term 15% growth rate?
John Wiehoff: No. In most quarters we've echoed that and I thought maybe everyone was getting tired of hearing it. So I didn't put it on this one, but when we do our long range planning and we look at the business model and third party logistics and kind of what we think our long term growth opportunity is, frankly we feel very good about things in that we can sustain that. It's really just the fact that this recession and this drop in volume that has impacted everybody. The impact to us from that gets spread over a longer period of time because of margin fluctuations. So while we feel really good about the long term we didn't want anybody to think that the impacts of the last year and a half are completely behind us yet.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: I only asked just because usually a your so forward about mentioning it especially in this kind of market, and in this kind of market is it, obviously you've been very acquisitive in the same period in '01 you kind of took a step back during the down turn. Do you view this type of market to be more advantageous for taking some of that cash for acquisitions or is it a period where valuations and expectations are still too high relative to where business levels are?
John Wiehoff: We've talked about our acquisition strategy a lot internally and externally and we really don't think short term market fluctuations change our strategy at all nor in the down turn and everybody said our company is cheap now, while the good companies aren't, they just don't put them up for sale. So I don't think that we're going to be any more or less acquisitive just because of the market.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Just last one, kind of a small business (one), but on the miscellaneous, if you look at it excluding the acquisitions, it was up 20%. Is this because you're selling other products along with the truckload services or is it brokerage taking off? What's driving that increase?
John Wiehoff: Management fees and others, which we used to call miscellaneous; the primary driver of that, excluding the acquisition, is our transportation management services, which is all different modes, but we're managing people's route guides for them (because) our CMC division and other things in the past.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: So you've won the business now, can you choose to give yourself more of that revenue then or is it they're already giving it to you to manage, so you're getting a management fee for that?
John Wiehoff: So part of our product offering in that, is that we facilitate the route guide that the shipper decides. So it's 100% the shippers' decision as to who is going to get the freight including the C. H. Robinson branch network. We believe that we have some good insight and some very efficient automated processes in terms of executing whatever strategy that shipper would decide on, and we certainly consult with them to share what we see in the market place and how it would work. But these are the fees associated with the automation and the management process to interact with the customer. Any revenue that would come from those management relationships in the form of traditional transportation services would show up in the other revenue categories based on whatever mode we executed for them.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: So we've talked about this in the past, this is compared to some other companies that say they're all automated, this is your ability to provide that similar service.
John Wiehoff: It's designed for a shipper who wants highly automated, very efficient route guide transportation management services without the capital expenditure or implementation risk. It's more of an SAS model of providing access to what we believe is a state of the art transportation management system and technology, but having us execute it for them.
Chad Lindbloom: Right. We call it Managed TMS, so in addition to them getting the system we are providing the people that schedule the appointments as well. For anything that can't be automated, whether it's communicating with a very small carrier which is unusual situation, but there's a lot of times when appointment settings can't be automated, we also provide the people to do the scheduling and other tasks like that. But basically a SaaS model plus the people that operate the software.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Malat with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs: Good morning, thanks. Maybe it's a little bit different than some of the resources questions, but it's very helpful how you think about bringing back resources. Can you help me think about addressing white space maybe in areas or cities we have not focused before? You say the short term business environment doesn't change your longer terms strategy, I would think it makes sense to continue to open new branches. Maybe think about the new branch strategy, and it's maybe a good time to take share where you haven't before.
John Wiehoff: At least within North America, we think of attacking the market twofold. With the bigger national accounts, we have a nationwide or a continental wide network that we can service any kind of customer requirement with what we have today. But we also know that when we look at small shippers, local communities, local trucking companies, that when we open those offices, we do gain greater relationship access and better insight into those markets.  When we were, last year going through a period of time, where we were rationalizing some resources and adjusting to a very difficult market, it makes it a little bit more problematic to free up some of our resources from the existing network to go on and push through those small markets. But we have never moved away from our longer term goal of continuing to open offices and feel like we can be very effective at pursuing those local markets. So, that is something that we would expect to resume in the future. It'll be constantly reassessed based on balancing kind of a large account versus small account growth opportunities and where we think we can get the most effective return, on the good people that we have that we would put into those roles. But it's part of our growth strategy that is still there.
Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs: It's more about balancing the small and large opportunity. Where did you think about the productivity of new branches or you know, the productivity of new branches is still very strong, I would think that sooner rather than later. Like there will be no reason to slow it, or do you think about, is there a way to think about cannibalization if you open new branches and how much you would be willing to take?
John Wiehoff: I think it is a lot about small versus big customers, because obviously a newer office can only on their own handle a certain size account and they'll rely on the network. So it is about getting greater geographic access to all the local shipping communities. I mean, there are traffic clubs and everything in most decent sized cities around the country, that you can become a part of and kind of network differently. You can build relationships in the local community with a lot of that.  So, it is very much about the type of customer that we are going after, when we do that. So we do view it more as a resource allocation of where's the most lucrative opportunities and how are we going to spread our people around to help drive those decisions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Group with Wolfe Trahan. Please go ahead.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: John, you talked about that the rates that you paid were up 3% year-over-year, but the rates you received from customers were down 3%. Can you break that up by month and maybe give similar numbers for April?
Chad Lindbloom: Month by month...
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: Just trying to get a sense if that spread is tightening or widening as we went through the quarter and then into April. 
Chad Lindbloom: It was tightening.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: Okay. Do you have a sense on what that spread was in April or March?
Chad Lindbloom: You're asking it slightly differently than we look at it.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: Right. Would you have the numbers for, in terms of April, the rates you paid were up X percent and the rates you received from customers were either down or up X percent?
Chad Lindbloom: Sequentially, I don’t have it calculated in front of me compared to last year.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: Okay, but less than a 6% percentage point difference between the two? Tightening; that spread is tightening.
Chad Lindbloom: I guess I don’t completely understand the way you are asking the question.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: The rates that you paid were up 3% in the quarter; the rates that you received were down 3%, so that’s a six percentage point difference between the two.
Chad Lindbloom: Yes, but not exactly because you're talking about a rate and a cost that are 20% away from each other, 18% away from each other or whatever it is. I can’t really answer your question, because that has a big leverage effect on the difference.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: Okay and you don’t have the April year-over-year numbers. Do you have the March year-over-year numbers? Can you just give some color in terms of, during first quarter, how much of your business you were able to re-price and maybe how much you think you can re-price in second quarter and then by the end of 2010?
Chad Lindbloom: What makes that difficult to answer is that there is this transactional component of the business, where we have these long term relationships, but which lanes we get the freight in, and from which customer, what time it evolves? So, I would say that the couple percent price increase that we have been talking about in the March and April timeframe was pretty widely spread across a lot of customers and a lot of different lanes. But not a very high percentage of our customers, it's going to take more time. Especially you know, we've talked in the past about how our top 200 customers, where we have those more committed relationships, are maybe as much as 30%, some close to 40% of the business. It's in those more those committed relationships where the time tables and the process for changing pricing takes much longer. So numbers of customers would probably of wider spread would probably of wider spread percentage of things that are changing because of the transactional influence, but in terms of the total customer base or total numbers of shipments, there's a lot of it that still needs to be addressed as the market changes.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: And then just last one, just wanted to clarify; the comment that in the first few weeks of April the net revenue year-over-year was similar with first quarter, are you thinking total net revenue just the transportation or just the truck?
Chad Lindbloom: Total net revenue, gross.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: Right, on a year-over-year basis, right.
Chad Lindbloom: Yes.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: Okay, and within the individual lines, they are pretty similar year-over-year, or are there certain ones that are doing better or worse than first quarter?
Chad Lindbloom: We are getting the total number for it right now.
Angie Freeman:   Unfortunately, we're out of time, so that will have to be our last question. We apologize we could not get to all of your questions today. Thank you for participating in our first quarter 2010 conference call. I want to remind you that this call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the C.H. Robinson website at chrobinson.com. It will also be available by dialing 800-406-7325 and entering the pass code 428-22-39£. The replay will be available at approximately noon, Eastern Time today. If you have any questions, please call me, Angie Freeman at 952-937-7847. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Angie Freeman - VP, IR John Weihoff - CEO Chad Lindbloom - SVP and CFO
Analysts:  Alex Brand - Stephens Inc. Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Research Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan Matt Troy - Citigroup John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch Matt Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Anthony Gallo - Wells Fargo 
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson fourth quarter 2009 conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today's presentation instructions will be given for the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this conference is being recorded Tuesday February 2nd, 2010. Now I would like to turn the conference over to Angie Freeman, C.H. Robinson Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Freeman.
Angie Freeman: Thank you. On our call today will be John Weihoff, CEO, and Chad Lindbloom, Senior Vice President and CFO. John and Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our fourth quarter performance, and we will follow that with a question-and-answer session. I would like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad, or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. With that I'll turn it over to John.
John Weihoff: Thank you, Angie and thank you to everyone who has taken the time to listen to our fourth quarter conference call. About an hour ago, we sent out our press release sharing our fourth quarter results for 2009. I'm going to start by highlighting just a few of the key financial results on the release. For the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2009, our total revenues increased 2.7% to $2 billion. Our net revenues decreased 1.5% to $339 million. Our income from operations increased slightly to $142.8 million. Net income decreased 1.3% to $87.7 million and fully diluted EPS was flat at $0.52 a share. For the year ended December 31, our total revenues declined 11.7% to $7.6 billion. Net revenues increased 0.5% to $1.3 billion. Our income from operations increased 2.3% to $584.8 million. Net income increased by 0.5% to $360.8 million, and fully diluted EPS increased 2.4% to $2.13 per share. In addition to those high-level financial metrics, our press release gives more detailed growth percentages by our various service offerings. In our third quarter earnings release and conference call, we discussed that our trends finishing the third quarter and into the first few weeks of October showed improving volume growth in most of our service offerings, offset by gross margin compression that we would normally experience during this part of the business cycle where the demand relative to supply is tightening, but overall capacity is still more than adequate in the marketplace. That trend continued throughout the fourth quarter. In general, during the fourth quarter, transaction volumes increased, but were offset by price decreases resulting in generally flat transportation gross revenues. Our transportation net revenue decline of 4% was driven by gross margin compression. The economic recession began having a material impact on us during the fourth quarter of 2008 when freight volumes dropped significantly. Throughout 2009, we discussed that gross margin expansion would benefit our results for some period of time, and likely transition to better volume activity with gross margin compression. That transition started during the third quarter of this year, and carried through the fourth quarter of 2009. Our sourcing business finished the year with double-digit growth in both gross and net revenues. Volume increases from both organic sales efforts as well as acquired revenues from acquisitions helped to drive the growth of our sourcing business.  T-Chek revenues were flat for the quarter on volumes similar to a year ago. Our operating expenses for the fourth quarter were down slightly. Our variable cost model and management philosophy generated a very modest to increased operating income despite an overall net revenue decline for the quarter. Looking at our results for the entire year of 2009, I would like to share the following comments. 2009 was a very challenging year for us as it was for most of everyone in our industry and most other industries. We did not achieve our long-term target of 15% earnings growth, but we're proud of the fact that we managed through what most everyone agreed was probably the worst freight environment in decades and still had an earnings increase for the year. Our transportation revenues for the year were down over 16%, a major portion of that was fuel price adjustments, but true price declines and lower truckload volumes also contributed to revenue declines. Our approach to the market this year was to aggressively sell and continue taking market share despite the overall down market. We believe we were successful in that, and combined with transportation gross margin expansion for the first three quarters, we were able to produce roughly flat net revenue for the year. We managed our expenses and finished 2009 with a small increase in earnings. We finished 2009 and entered 2010 with 8% fewer employees than we had when we started 2009 a year ago. Our turnover percentage for 2009 was very similar to that of 2008. The change resulted from far fewer new hires during 2009. During 2009, we adjusted our network for volume reductions. We're confident we can manage additional volume growth during 2010, and that we'll be able to hire and train any required additions to the team. We think the depth and strength of our team is a competitive advantage going into 2010.  While we manage our expenses and eliminated some spending during 2009, we did continue to invest in our technology with new infrastructure, including a new data center and significant new functionality and releases of our operating system. We also completed a few acquisitions during 2009. We made an investment to strengthen our global forwarding network in Europe by adding the Walker team in London. We made an investment in our US/Mexico cross border capabilities by acquiring ITC and (inaudible) and we made an investment in our sourcing business by adding the Rosemont Farms team and their products and capabilities. Our balance sheet remains strong with no debt, and overall we came through a very tough year with a modest earnings increase and feeling pretty good that we continue to invest in our future and stay focused on long-term success.  Transitioning to our 2010 outlook and our thoughts going forward. Our transportation trends from the fourth quarter of 2009 have carried in to January of 2010. Our truckload transportation activity in January shows continuing acceleration of volume growth, offset by year-over-year pricing declines and margin compression resulting in overall net revenues being roughly flat with last January on a per-business day.  While we continue to feel very positive about volume growth in our value proposition in the marketplace, it is likely that the margin expansion that helped our results in 2009 will continue to make for challenging comparisons and more limited transportation net revenue growth as we start 2010. The market conditions of supply and demand will dictate if and when any pricing adjustments are appropriate during 2010. Because it's difficult to predict the market tightness, it's difficult to predict our gross margins and resulting net revenue growth in 2010, but we do know that our gross margins were on the high end of typical ranges during the first half of 2009, and we are starting the year with truckload gross margins in the lower end of typical ranges.  When we analyze our ability to grow organically, and continue to take market share in 2010 and beyond, we believe the outlook is good. Our basic business model is flexible, high service transportation, logistics and supply chain services, continues to have relevance to more customers that want better or flexible supply chains and better information. We continue to expand our offerings, and integrate them together to provide more holistic choices for our customers. We continue to see a high demand for our third-party logistic services, and we feel like our service offerings, people and technology continue to improve and provide better choices for customers to pursue process improvements and cost savings. Those views on our business and the environment summarize our belief that we have significant growth opportunities and our long-term growth target of 15% remains appropriate. We also know that achieving that long-term target in the short-term will be challenging due to margin compression compared to a year ago. Those are my comments. That concludes them. And I will turn it over to Chad.
Chad Lindbloom: Thanks, John, I want to give a few comments on our cash flow and balance sheet. We had another strong cash flow quarter. Our net cash provided by operating activity was $130 million. Our CapEx totaled $5.5 million for the quarter. Our significant investments we made in the data center were completed by the end of the third quarter. We expect our 2010 capital expenditures to continue at approximately this level in total between $20 and $25 million. Our net cash used for financing activity was $125 million for the quarter, resulting primarily from share repurchases and dividends. We repurchased 1,571,000 shares at an average price of $57.25. Our balance sheet remains strong with cash and investments of $386 million. Our investment income was, again, down significant compared to a year ago, due primarily to the change in yields on high quality short-term investments. We are continuing to closely monitor and manage our accounts receivable risk, and will continue to react to changes in our customer base. Although our provisions for doubtful accounts and write-offs have been higher than in previous years, we feel good about the quality of our current receivable portfolio. Our total provision for doubtful accounts was $3.1 million for the quarter, compared to $4.3 million for the fourth quarter of last year. It is difficult for us to predict what this expense will do in the future, but we do feel comfortable with our current level of reserves. With that, we will begin our question-and-answer portion of the call. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we will begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). One moment, please, for our first question. And our first question's from the line of Alex Brand with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Alex Brand - Stephens Inc.: I guess I want to try to get a little color from you guys if I can on the transition from the upper end of gross margin ranges to the lower end, maybe a little faster than I would have thought, and specifically, can you help us understand if your truckload volume was up 13%, your price was down 6%, your LTL net revenue was up in the quarter. It seems to me like there is a gap there that I can't quite fill for how much truck net revenue was down year-over-year or sequentially, whichever way you want to look at it. So I know that's a lot, but…
John Weihoff: Yeah, well, I can start with a comment, and then Chad can fill in with any further inside we might be able to share on the changes, but in terms of, the transition happening rather quickly from kind of the range of margins, I think Alex the theme that we've been trying to talk about for the last year or so is that while we feel like our business and volume and margin fluctuations are happening similar to how they've happened over the last couple of decades. They are sort of new extremes in the last year, with the year-ago volume drops being more severe than anybody really had since deregulation and at that time, I think we were pretty open that our margin and our profit per load was expanding as fast as it had ever expanded, so that when you come around a year later, and you get in to that same part of the cycle, we're seeing pretty aggressive volume increases, but we're also seeing the volume swing back to the other end of the cycle. So, our summary of it is, that it feels like it's happening like it always has. It's just probably with a little bit greater speed, and a little, bit wider ranges of what we've experienced before.
Alex Brand - Stephens Inc.: Okay. I guess the confusing part is truck capacity hadn't really tightened up that much, and truck rates don't seem to be going up, so all of this compression is taking place at the customer level, the prices you are getting from customers, more so than capacity-rate increases?
Chad Lindbloom:  When you look at it compared to a year ago, our prices to both our customers and carriers were down about the same, around 6%, but since the price to our customers is a bigger dollar amount, when you reduce both of those numbers by about 6%, it reduces profit per load, and it also reduces gross profit margins. So just because the price of the two numbers changed about the same compared to a year ago, that still results in margin compression. Also, when you look at it sequentially, our pricing to our customers was roughly flat compared to the third quarter of this year, but our prices to our carriers started to rise a little bit compared to the third quarter of this year. So our cost of hire did go up in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter, but the pricing to the customer was about the same.
Alex Brand - Stephens Inc.: Chad, one more quick question so I can stay with Angie's rules. Can you give us volume in weight per shipment for LTL for the quarter?
Chad Lindbloom: LTL volumes were up near 40%. Weight per shipment was down 11% or 12%, and pricing was also down, and margins were slightly down.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Greene with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: Yes, just a quick question on past cycles. If you looked at the time lag between volume growth and margin stabilization, you mentioned this, you've got more volatility, and more speed now. What's the past usually look like, how long does it take before we get to stabilization in the margin?
John Weihoff: You know, it will vary, so I think, as we look at our business model, and you say, how do the cycles work, and what's the next trigger point to look for, as supply and demand starts to come more into line, that the next inflexion point if you will, would be price increases. When is it appropriate or when are we able to charge customers more and see market pricing move back up? And that generally happens as we discussed before when there are either service failures or customer's experiences get deeper in to the route guide. That could happen in a period of months. It could wait a year or more until prices adjust. So it really kind of depends upon if the demand stays strong, we'd obviously expect to see price increases in general happen sooner. If volume demand gets softer again, pricing could stay where it's at, and margins could then tend to go more sideways. So, it really depends upon the correction of the demand, and how fast the supply and demand relationship tightens up.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: Did I understand in your opening remarks to say you were using price to win share earlier?
John Weihoff: No, we always believe that we're pricing to customers and carriers at the market, and that we make our margin by providing the services that we do. Those fluctuate of supply and demand. So what we're trying to do is just focus on selling and account management and winning new business as aggressively as ever, but our philosophy and approach towards pricing would be similar to how it's always been.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: Just one quick follow-up on restocking. There is some data out there that suggests inventory is very low. Other signs that inventories have started to rebuild. What's your views on what you're seeing from your customers? Are their inventories very low? Have they started the restocking? How does it look? Thank you.
John Weihoff: We don't get great visibility to the overall inventory data. I know that a year ago there was a lot of discussion with many of our customers about managing inventories lower, and trying to free up working capital. So, our experience would correlate with the data that inventory levels were extremely low. How much of the incremental freight volume is going to replenish inventory and how much of that are true sales that our customers already have or have committed, we don't really get good visibility to that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Edward Wolfe with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Research: When I look at the gross yield in the quarter, that's not what surprises me as much as the gross revenue being lighter, and obviously there's a relationship there, but I think there was a lot of expectation that as truck pricing tightened, your yields would tighten, not as truck prices remained weak that your yields would tighten. Is that just me being wrong, and some investors thinking about it wrong? Or is that how you guys have historically thought about it as well?
John Weihoff: I would say that tightness, and therefore our yields are a function of two variables, it's obviously the overall demand and then the supply side of it. And Chad's comment earlier about sequentially supply side increasing, and supply side contractions was probably the more relative relevant variable for this quarter. So, the tightening and the margin compression comes when the market tightens up, not necessarily when the price side or the gross revenues to the customers move. It can be either/or.
Chad Lindbloom: Our truckload costs adjusts on a daily basis. We talked about this many times, but changes in our cost to capacity happen far more quickly than changes in prices to our customers. So the fact we had a slight sequential increase in our cost capacity, to us it makes sense there is a tightening in that revenues based on how described it in the past.
Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Research: If I look at your yields of 18.3, that's what I had in my model. What's short by quite a bit is the total revenue piece of that and I have heard you say the cost of your capacity, and what you are charging your customer, both are down similar levels, and now it just sounds like I heard you say that the cost of the capacity went up, or isn't down as much as what you are getting?
Chad Lindbloom: Maybe I was unclear. When I was talking about changes in prices that was excluding the impact of fuel. So total rates moved more like 10% down. If you only include the underlying rate excluding the impact of fuel is 6%. So I think all of the comments are consistent.
Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Research: Does that mean you are having trouble passing the fuel through, but you are taking the fuel increase from your drivers? How do we think about that?
John Weihoff: No. It means that our cost to capacity has begun on a sequential basis to increase, but the underlying cost, the underlying line haul rate excluding fuel has started to sequentially slightly increase, but our prices to our customers excluding fuel have stayed about the same.
Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Research: As we look at gross yields for truck and transportation, 4Q to first quarter, which is obviously a seasonally weaker quarter, but it sounds like it is going to be down first quarter relative to fourth. Is that the right feeling I'm getting?
John Weihoff: I don't know that we really have a forecast for it sequentially because January and February are always so much different than the fourth quarter. What the prepared comments said, and all we really know at this point is that year-over-year volume growth continued to increase in January, so it was up more than the 13%, but we're running into comparisons a year ago where our profit per load and margins were very high. So that it comes again about flat in that revenue. How the total quarter will compare to the fourth quarter, is difficult to predict at this point.
Chad Lindbloom: If you look at the first quarter of '09, our total net revenues were $338 million, compared to the fourth quarter of 2010, we're at $339 million. So roughly the same number and so far, we're roughly flat. January compared to January on a per-business day basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Yagerman with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank: The implication if net revenues were roughly flat in January and you have seen a continuation of this compression trend, is that the volumes are growing materially here. Is that the right assumption? And I guess what kind of yields are you taking on new volumes at right now if that's what is going on, and where do you think that market share is coming from?
John Weihoff: We're doing what we have always done, which is when the market starts to tighten, that there will be incremental freight opportunities in the marketplace, so being very active selling, and, cross selling, outsourcing, and all the different modes and services that we do, we feel that the additional tightening in the market is what's giving us a good opportunity to go out and get market share and increase the volume. I've mentioned this several times on past calls, but if you accept the fact that margins are going to fluctuate, they have for the last 30 years, and they will continue to, that there will be supply and demand fluctuations. We really focus long term on the value of growing market share and growing volume and expanding those customer relationships knowing that at some point if we can continue to increase our presence, build the relationships that the margins will fluctuate back the other way on us. So our overall summation of this is a year ago industry volumes dropped 20%. Our volumes dropped double digits, but we had margin expansion and roughly flat net revenue. Now we're seeing the other side of the cycle where there's good opportunity in the marketplace to go get more volume. Our margins are not out of the range of what we would consider acceptable. They are just on the lower end of the range compared to a year ago when we had very high margins because of the great availability of capacity at the time. So our approach is that we're doing what we have always done. We're building relationships, we're selling, we are going out and trying to aggressively take market share, and we have to live through the normal fluctuations of margin expansion and margin compression that obviously have an impact on our earnings, but to us it's a normal part of the cycle, and we're really focused on the long-term value of expanding our presence in the market.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank: Can you tell if it's market share or if it's economy?
John Weihoff: Our best information would be all the same indexes you are looking at with ATA and Cass and everybody else who publishes it and we're pretty confident that our volume growth throughout the entire year has been better than those average indexes. So, yes, we feel pretty good that we have continued to take market share, especially in LTL, and some of the other areas where we feel like we have a more of a specialized competency, but across the board we feel pretty good that we're expanding our relationships and taking market share.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank: On the LTL side with that becoming a bigger piece of the total and you guys having grown this cycle, how do you think about that over the next year with the potential for large capacity exit and what that could do to pricing, and do you think that that is something that could potentially delay any margin recovery relative to past cycles if you start getting any kind of sharp pricing change in that market place?
John Weihoff: Whenever there is abrupt capacity adjustments for whatever reasons, it is certainly ripple through in terms of price adjustments, some prices could up, some could go down, business will realign and display, so it could certainly have a material impact on it. We feel like our relationships are pretty broad and pretty solid, so that we can help our customers through whatever type of environment happens, so I don't think that kind of an abrupt change is necessarily a real good thing for anybody in the industry just because there would be a large degree of displacement, but I think the industry would get through it and we would too, and we would do exactly. What we have been doing all along is get out and sell and try to get everybody through these relationships with greater participation and more freight going through our network.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Ceraso with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse: There has been some talk about the upcoming bid season, and that might bring some relief on the pricing front especially in the truckload market. Will you experience relief from that at the same time, or are you going to feel a lag if pricing is going up with customers, maybe not as fast as what's happening with carriers? What's your expectation for the upcoming bid season?
John Weihoff: Well, every bid is a unique circumstance, we don't do centralized pricing and from a top down. We're working relationship by relationship across the network to adjust to what makes sense. I would say as a general statement when prices in the market move, we move with them. That we're not leading by dictating a certain price increase or trying to, state it in the marketplace and hope that it sticks like a lot of the large asset providers might be doing. We're more participating in the bids, and trying to adapt to the market to whatever it changes. So if prices start to go up, and if bid prices start to increase, we would benefit from that at the same pace that everybody else would. But, again, in our network, there is no defined date to razor decrease prices. It's thousands of relationships that each have kind of unique dates and terms in terms of how and when they reprice. So for us it would just be a matter if that market continues to tighten and capacity becomes more difficult to get, cost of hires continues to increase, you start to see service failures, and people experiencing the need to go deeper in their route guide to find capacity that works for them. Those are the environmental things that we would look for to indicate that is appropriate to start raising prices to a customer.
Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse: So it's not clear, you would have to look at it on a case-by-case basis. You can't say that the bid season would put incremental pressure on your margin?
John Weihoff: That's correct.
Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse: You've had in the release the change in your net revenues in your air and ocean businesses and I understand those are relatively small businesses for you, but what was the gross revenue change in the quarter? Adjusted for the acquisitions?
Chad Lindbloom: We don't disclose gross revenues by mode, but I can tell you on ocean our volumes were down about 14%. So it made up about half of the net revenue decrease. And generally prices were down in double digits, near 20%.
Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse: And what about air volumes?
Chad Lindbloom: We gave the number excluding acquisitions. It's about 10% down, excluding acquisitions.
Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse: That was the net revenue, volume was the same?
Chad Lindbloom: Yes, about the same.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Langenfeld with Robert W. Baird.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: I understand the formula where you are taking the net revenue and the profit, if that goes negative, does that basically zero out that minus 5%? How does that work relative to the multiple vesting years that you have in place in 2009 and moving into 2010?
Chad Lindbloom: Right, so you are talking about the performance-based restricted stock, not generally incentive comp?
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Correct. Thank you.
Chad Lindbloom: The formula is the average of operating income growth, and earnings per share growth, and add 5%. So on your assumption, at 5% down on average for those two measures, there would be exactly 0% vesting. At 6% down, there would be 0% vesting.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Okay and that would be the same for both plans?
Chad Lindbloom: Yes, all of the awards we do have, those performed-based restricted stocks have all had the same vesting formula. There are other equity programs out there that don't follow that, but all the performance-based one which are all the material currently awards in place use the same formula.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Then as far as the sourcing side of the business, is there any shift from any of your bigger customers to do that in house and not go through a broker? There was some noise or some PR that Wal-Mart was going to insource more of some of its direct store-delivered products including some of the produce. Does that have any impact on you, are you seeing any broader trend out there with respect to that?
Chad Lindbloom: I would say there's not any trends that are new or different. The one customer that you referenced has made some statements that will change our business relationship with them. They are leveraging their global network to the best that they can, and there are certain commodities that they are going to source directly. Many of those commodities, we've not been involved in the past, because they are high-volume commodities that they've been able to source themselves in the past already. Just like in transportation, our core strengths tend to be in the more fragmented or decentralized commodities. So just with that customer, just like every other one, there will be a constant fluctuation of what commodities they are going to source themselves versus what they would source from us or through anybody else. So, there will likely be some more opportunities for us, and there will likely be some products that we sell less of them as they try to leverage their global procurement a little bit differently.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Do you see a long-term growth in sourcing, being any different I think, what the latest number was mid-to-upper single digits?
John Weihoff: We think that's still a good number, yes.
Operator: Our next question's from the line of Tom Wadewitz with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan: Yes, good afternoon. I guess you've been asked quite a few questions here on the gross margin progression. I am not sure if I'll get a new angle on it here, but I'll give it a shot. When you look at the way the market could play out, it seems that, there is demand improves, maybe capacity tightens a little more. It seems reasonable to think you can get some tightening and if you look at second or third quarter this year that the market could feel quite a bit tighter. Is it reasonable to think that you probably see more gross margin compression in that type of a scenario or is there something that really helps you avoid that?
Chad Lindbloom: Well, the primary thing we've been talking about is gross margin compression compared to a year ago, because there was a unique environment a year ago where freight volumes dropped more than they've ever dropped since deregulation. So, the biggest variable of margin compression or expansion that we've been talking about is year-over-year comparisons which will by definition, change as the year wears on and comparisons start to change. What will happen sequentially has a lot more to do with, the variables you were talking about, about what does overall freight do? How does the capacity turn impact it? And when do price adjustments, if any, occur? So there are some comparison things that will drive margins looking better as the year wears on in a pretty material way, but when and how they'll become favorable to a year ago, really depends upon the market conditions.
Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan: And then in terms of the cost side and how that might look for you, the operating cost side, not the transportation cost side. In 2010, what can you do on the SG&A line? Is that something, in this type of environment maybe you'll hold it flat? And I guess in terms of headcount, you are in an environment where you are handling more transactions, so you are doing more work. At some point it would seem to indicate you would want to bring on more employees, but I don't know if that's more of a 2011 event. So any thoughts on the kind of headcount and also the SG&A costs in 2010?
John Weihoff: Yes, so I'll start with the headcount. At the beginning of this year, we talked about the fact that we were staffed up for growth. We started 2009 with 8% more people than we had at the beginning of the previous year, and in January of 2009, volumes were down double digits. So much of the staffing adjustments that we made throughout the beginning half of 2009 was to bring us back to something within our productivity metrics, and within a better range. So as this year has worn on and as volumes have come back, we've started to feel better and better about our productivity metrics being in the middle of the ranges where we would like to see them from a long term.  So we feel like we have good flexibility to continue to take on growth without adding people for some period of time. If volume growth continues to stay very strong throughout 2010, we will have to add people. And again, these are generalizations, there are some offices who are adding people today, and there are some offices that would still be overstaffed, but, looking at the network in aggregate, we feel like we've got adequate people for today's level of activity, and as the year goes on, we've got a very good process for recruiting, and adding to the team, and training, and getting them pretty productive pretty quickly.  And our strong hope is that we need to do that during 2010, and that will continue this level of volume activity and build our networks, strengthen our team, get back on the hiring trail, and then when the margins level off, we can all start talking about supply chain and transportation again rather than margin fluctuations.
Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan: And then any quick thought on SG&A?
John Weihoff: I don't think it will change significantly in relation to net revenue. When you look at it for the past couple of years it bounces around $1 or $2 million, but it stayed relatively consistent through this period, so if the business in a flat net revenue, expecting flat SG&A would be a reasonable expectation and if we start to grow, it will grow, but hopefully we'll gain some leverage. One of the big variables is obviously the bad debt expense that we've experienced over the past couple of years, and if the general economy gets better, we'll likely have reduced bad debt expense as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Troy with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Matt Troy - Citigroup: I wanted to change the emphasis from the year-over-year comps which we know are tough to a more sequential-based analysis, working in the fourth quarter as our base. What's your sense if you look across the system on a transport side, LTL side, what's the mismatch that we should begin to think about if we have to scale this wall of worry on capacity, not tightening sufficiently enough to cause the systematic failure, to cause the pricing power? Is the disconnect 3% to 5%. Do we need to just see a low single digit improvement in volumes off of what we saw in fourth quarter to begin to elicit that kind of failure or just help us maybe sequentially from here, what kind of spread you see on the capacity and supply demand and balance that helps us get over that hump.
John Weihoff: That's a good question. That's very difficult to answer, and it varies quite a bit by mode, obviously LTL and intermodal and some of those modes where you have a greater component of fixed capacity, the level of excess capacity and what types of adjustments would vary quite a bit. But for our largest chunk of revenue on the truckload side, what our transportation leadership has talked about is that if you rewind the clock, 15, 18 months and say that capacity was generally balanced, there was probably fluctuations throughout 2008, but as you get to the end of 2008 when you start to see 17%, 18%, 19% industry drops in freight shipments and demand, you're starting out the year in 2009 with a pretty high degree of excess capacity.  And throughout the year in 2009 we talked about that capacity correcting down, large carriers, parking equipment, Small carriers filing bankruptcy, and then prices adjusting downward on the shipper side. So as we get in to the second half of 2009, you start to see price stability on the shipper side. So you've got rates in the marketplace that have adjusted, capacity continuing to gradually correct down.  We've heard estimates that make sense to us that I think you said it as well, that there's maybe 3% to 5% still excess capacity. The exact amount of excess capacity varies month-by-month and season-by-season with any year. So, normally January and February are seasonally a little bit slower where you would see kind of excess capacity. So it feels like to us today that there still is plenty of truckload capacity in the marketplace. The issue will become when you get in to the spring, the March and April timeframe, and demand starts to increase, how much of it's been inventory, how much of it is new sale, how much of the capacity leaves us in the February and March timeframe and doesn't renew their operating authority.  So it's low to mid-single digits, but, you've got two variables that are pretty aggressive, and the freight demand side of it is much more volatile, and the fluctuation in the demand side or the freight side is probably what will really cause the inflexion point to change.
Matt Troy - Citigroup: Thank you. That's actually very helpful. My second question, whenever you have a margin squeeze story on a high multiple stock, the conspiracy theories always emerged that something is different about the story. I think we can all agree relative to past cycles that what's different is the depth and breadth of this downturn, but from an industry-watcher perspective there's not much different in terms of the competitive dynamic or your model.  Help me though just address one variable I could ask about, and that's the change in the competitive relevance or behavior from some of the asset based carriers or newer asset like models that have emerged in the space that did not exist at the same size or scale as they do in this cycle. And are you seeing any more aggressive bidding by those folks? Any change in their behavior that leads you to believe they'll have an impact either on pricing or margins come out of this downturn. Thanks guys. 
John Weihoff: That's another good question, and we do think the landscape continues to change, and obviously there are competitive factors. The thing we talk about a lot that was when people get in to third-party services, or another person puts up a brokerage sign or whatever, and asset players evolve, and their approach to the marketplace, all those things do have potential relevance to the long-term marketplace, and margins and pricing and all the rest of that stuff, but all that happens over a very long period of time from our assessment. It takes years and years, and perhaps (inaudible) for those sort of competitive landscape things to adjust. When you see the types of margin swings that we've talked about in the last 12 months. It's almost entirely due to supply and demand relationship in the marketplace by our assessment versus any sort of competitive impact. So, while the competitive impacts are real, and we would not in anyways dismiss them, trying to quantify or measure what might be different now versus 12 months ago, due to the competitive landscape, that doesn't even really come up in our assessment. It's truly just the supply and demand fluctuations in the short-term. And when we think about how we price compared to others and how many third parties there are, we don't have a clean number on it, but our assessment would be there are far fewer third parties and intermediaries and licensed brokers today just like there are fewer truck lines out there as well too that the market contracts on all fronts. So we'll try to keep a sense of that and stay ahead of the market and adjust for it as it goes, but when you look within any year within any shorter period of time, our assessment would be that whatever competitive impacts there might be are very minimal.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Barnes with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets: Two questions here. Number one, and again, I hate to keep beating the dead horse, but from a gross margin perspective, spot business versus contractual. I guess I'm assuming on a spot basis, kind of day-to-day, you would be better able to marry those rates that you are changing to the customer, with what you are having to buy capacity, whereas your contractual rates you would tend to get a little bit more squeezed on. Am I right in thinking about it that way? And, can you give us a little bit of color about where you stand, kind of percentage breakdown of spot versus contractual, and was the big move or the big margin squeeze on the contractual side and is just basically a timing thing until you can reprise that business?
John Weihoff: Yes, the way you described it is accurate that there is more obviously fluid pricing on the spot versus the contractual stuff. I think over the last couple of years, we've talked about the fact that it's helpful and relevant to understand the universe of our freight by thinking of it as a continuum, where on one side of the continuum you have firm price commitments for a year or whatever period of time that you're going to honor unless the market moves significantly or that more contracted pricing.  On the other end of the continuum, you have the pure-spot market stuff where you don't really know when you're going to get the next load or where it's going to go to or what it might be priced at and obviously on that freight you can adjust prices daily and you can protect your margins a little bit better.  In the middle, there is the majority of the freight where there are bids, there are price indications, there are historical prices that we've quoted and moved freight at. There may not be a firm contract or a firm expectation to do it, but there is pricing in place, so there is a historical inertia to it that even though your cost of hire might go up a few cents a mile, you still have to make the decision on whether or not it's the right time to change prices to the customer, and given the fact that there's still a lot of capacity available in the marketplace, and we're happy taking the market share, it doesn't feel for the most part that a lot of that's appropriate at this point in time.  So while our balance of contracted or pre-bid freight kind of fluctuates back and forth depending upon the environment, there is not a huge percentage of the freighted today that re-prices daily to the customer like it does virtually all of it on the capacity side.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. All right. And then the second question I have got is longer-term, you have had this kind of 15% growth target out there since the company went public. This target has got some, got a little age on it now, I'm just kind of curious, where do you get the confidence from that is still a good growth target, especially given the size of the business now, and what have you done to kind of go back and test those variables to make sure that what you used when you went public in coming up with that target is still relevant today?
Chad Lindbloom: Good question. So, our targeted 15% growth rate that we have used since we went public 12 years ago, was derived when we went public look back over the 20 years before that and calculated that we'd average little bit more than 15%. For the last 12 years up until a year ago, I think our average was 17 % - 18% since going public in the low 20s from an earnings stand point, but we had always said it's an average. Margin fluctuate, growth rates fluctuate, but it's averaged 15%.  In that first 20 years since deregulation there were some low single-digit growth years, and there were some 15% - 20% - 25% years out there. When we had some 30% growth years in 2004, 2005, a lot of people asked us why we were still talking about 15%. And we pointed out then that rate cycle and growth rate cycle, there could be down times. So when we look at how we performed this year with roughly flat net revenue and you look at kind of the extremes of the market cycles and what happened with the recession and all the rest of that, yeah this is kind of a hopefully a low point in terms of the pluses and minuses over the last 30 years. But then you step back on it and look and say all right, what are the long-term trends that are driving our market share and driving our business? And like I said in my prepared comments, it's about greater emphasis on fast management of inventory, higher service transportation, integration of modes, globalization of supply chains, and doing all the forwarding services. We look at the longer-term trends in our business relationships, and the fact that today more and more of the customers want to talk about this holistic approach of managing costs down and outsourcing, and looking at all modes of transportation, trying to consolidate freight more aggressively.  There just seems to be as much momentum as ever in terms of what we would define as the long-term volume market share growth drivers for us and we are still a very low percentage of the overall market. So that's our assessment, is we think we can keep doing for the foreseeable future what we have been doing for the last 30 years. The market conditions if anything seem as good as ever in terms of receptiveness to our third-party approach and the types of ways that we are trying to add value. Volume and market share will be the long-term growth driver, and measurement of our success and as long as margins continue to fluctuate within those historic ranges, we are just going to have to live through conversations like this where they get on the low side of it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Hoexter with Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: John can you just talk about the on the truck load side you talked about the capacity side a bit. Can you talk about what you are seeing in the market right now? Are you seeing kind of the acceleration of that cost increase? Have you seen that level off? Just wondering where you think we are on that cost side?
John Weihoff: Well, it feels to us like, rates to shippers, rates in the marketplace came down aggressively in the first half of 2009 and sequentially have been staying relatively stable. You see more customers talking about maybe a two year rate or trying to lock in feeling like maybe we are reaching the bottom of the cycle from a pricing and lose market stand point. The correction on the capacity side gets tougher to be precise about for some of the things that I talked about earlier, that you always have normal seasonal fluctuations where January is not historically a real high demand month so, it gets tough to gauge the overall market sense, but our sense was that during the second half of the year in 2009 that capacity continued to grind out of the marketplace slowly and that towards the fourth quarter and end of the year, when we saw some, moderate increases in demand and sequential tightening of the market, we were able to get good volume growth particularly compared to a year ago, and we saw some of that squeeze starting to come. So where we go from here? That's really hard to say if it gets down to literally tens or thousands of individual truck lines and businesses making decisions on whether they are going to carry on or out or whether they are going to run out of money, or when they are going to ask for price increases, and all of the rest of that. So it really could go either way. I mean, it really depends like I said couple of times, that demand side of how does the overall freight demand compare to that universe of capacity.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just a follow-up on D&A. Chad, did I see that right that it jumped quite significantly in the quarter? Up to over $8 million? Just wondering if that I'm getting that math right, then why it jumped so much, and then talk about what you are doing with the cash?
Chad Lindbloom: The D&A jump would have to do with two primary signings. One being the acquisitions that were closed during the second and third quarter. So some of them that were closed in the third quarter did not have a full quarter's worth of amortization in Q3, as well as the data center coming online. That also only had a partial quarter in the third quarter. As far as the cash, we are continuing to manage the cash the way we always have, very conservatively. Today its split between municipal bonds and municipal money markets. And we are managing the balance by adjusting our share repurchase activity.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Brooklier with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Matt Brooklier - Piper Jaffray: Good afternoon. I guess another truck gross yield question, if you will. Has fundamentally the way you guys book your transportation costs and pass those transportation costs through to your customers has that changed at all?
Chad Lindbloom: No.
Matt Brooklier - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then I guess the other end of that is kind of the pricing component here, and I'm just wondering given kind of the downturn that we have been in, we have been in kind of a freight-starved environment, and we are starting to see a volume pickup at this point in time. Would you guys approach this business and the potential to take more market share, would you be willing to may be give a little bit in terms of price to lock in with new customers or with a larger portion of current customers? Take a little bit more market share, give a little bit more on price and then think about taking rates up as we move forward, and I guess capacity tightens a little bit more?
John Weihoff: During this part of the cycle, the supply and demand cycle, we will always be chasing volume as aggressively as we can, because when freight market starts to tighten up, that's a good opportunity to go get volume in the marketplace, and customers none of us are open armed waiting for price increases. We all know that those are challenge to get in any industry. And so it takes like we said many time those service failures are a little bit of disruption to allow for that to happen. So, we would be approaching the marketplace right now exactly the way we always would during this part of the cycle which is to go get that incremental volume. Any unplanned volume any unbid volume anything that falls through the route guide, any capacity that leaves the marketplace is an opportunity for us to go in and try to fill that void. So, yes, we would be working the customer side or the volume side as aggressively as we can. If you think about our labor and our focus and kind of how we are managing the business, there are period of time in the cycle where we have to dedicate a significant amount of our effort to finding capacity and working with the trucks to try to get it in to our network. Today we can spend a lot of our energy working with the shippers, working with the customers, trying to get more freight because capacity is more available. So it does differ in different years, different parts of the cycle and yes, we are going out and getting volume now that we would hope would have better margins in the future. I don't want to describe that as something different than what we have been doing in the last 25 years.
Matt Brooklier - Piper Jaffray: Okay. So nothing different, you guys don't have a mandate in terms of getting more aggressive on price to hit maybe some incremental volume levels here with the volume pickup and with the tightness in capacity. It's kind of business as usual for you guys?
John Weihoff: Correct. During 2009, we did talk about the fact that prices had to come down, that with this type of capacity adjustment, there were a number of bids that we participated in, and relationships where we talked about pricing does have to come down and it did. And now we are saying that prices are relatively stable, so it's not a great time to go out and ask for price increases, so our transportation leadership team and our network would be, sharing their market experiences and sharing their information and talking about what is going on and trying to react literally daily to what we see and what's happening.
Matt Brooklier - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And now a non-gross yield or truck gross yield question. You guys had spoken previously about going through an integration process with some of your more recent acquisitions, where are you in terms of that process in terms of integrating and getting those acquisitions on CH Technology?
Chad Lindbloom: I would say we are on target with our plans. Not all of them are on CH Robinson technology but the recent acquisitions, one of them is in the middle of transitioning all of their business on to our technology, and a couple of the international forwarding one, the Walker acquisition will roll on to our international forwarding system in the next year or so as we roll it out to the rest of the country. We would expect to make major progress in 2010. There are a lot of milestones this year to integrate foreign offices and convert existing sites and release new versions of the operating system, so the goal is to get the entire world on the common platform and to be able to have common visibility and integrate all of our locations and hopefully we'll be done with almost all of that by the end of 2010.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Anthony Gallo with Wells Fargo.
Anthony Gallo - Wells Fargo: The bid season, I know you answered it John before, but I think you said that it's a lot of onesies, twosies. But when is the bulk of your contract business rebid? Or when does the bulk of the '09 contracts run off?
John Weihoff: So most of the shipper relationships that we deal reserve the privilege of the contracts or structure that the rates are in place until either side decides that they want to give 30 day notice. Many of the customers that did bids in the spring of 2009 had not done bids for several years. So each shipper has their own approach to the marketplace. A lot of the asset based providers will have a time of the year or a cycle where they will choose to adjust rates and try to get them to stick to all of their customers.  What we are doing is assessing contract-by-contract, what are our margins like, what's the relationship like? We don't know when our customers are going to bid the reason why there was a lot of bidding in the February, March timeframe of 2009 is because everybody knew the market has dropped, and so a vast majority of the shippers were taking those bids to the marketplace in order to try to participate in the savings and frankly we were encouraging and helping them to do that because it's the right thing to do they'll be smart and take advantage of the market place. Our general thought would be that you are going to see a lot less bid activity during 2010. That you are going to see the shippers who are happy with their pricing trying to hang on to it and make it last as long as possible. Bids that we are working on now are looking for generally longer term commitments to try to hold them and probably the more interesting market data point in 2010 will be if and when asset providers come up with price increases, and decide to exercise that 30-day notice in the contract that allows price changes.
Anthony Gallo - Wells Fargo: Okay. Sounds like a lot of work. Can you remind us where volumes in February and March of '09 were relative to January of '09? February - March fall off sequentially from January last year, or how did that play out?
Chad Lindbloom: I won't be reminding you, because I don't think we have disclosed it, but they did increase throughout the quarter. I don't think that's a normal seasonal trend that March would be the biggest month of the first quarter.
Angie Freeman: Thanks. Well we apologize that we didn't have time to get to everybody's questions today. Thank you for participating in our fourth quarter 2009 conference call. I want to remind you this call will be available for replay in the investor relations section of the CH Robinson website at chrobinson.com. It will also be available by dialing 800-406-7325, and entering the pass code 4200623 pound. A replay will be available at approximately 7:00 PM Eastern time today. If you have additional questions, please call me, Angie Freeman at 952-937-7847. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you ma'am. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you very much for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Angie Freeman - Vice President of Investor Relations & Public Affairs John Wiehoff - President and Chief Executive Officer Chad Lindbloom - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Analyst for Matthew Troy - Citigroup Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank Securities Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc. Christopher Ceraso - Credit Suisse Adam Longson - Morgan Stanley Ed Wolf with Michael Baer – Wolfe Research Thomas Wadewitz – JP Morgan Ken Hoexter – BAS-ML Christopher Ceraso - Credit Suisse Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company
Operator: Welcome to the C. H. Robinson third quarter 2009 conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Following today’s presentation instructions will be given for the question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Tuesday, October 20, 2009. I would now like to turn the conference over to Angie Freeman, C. H. Robinson Vice President of Investor Relations.
Angie Freeman: On our call today will be John Wiehoff, CEO, and Chad Lindbloom, Senior Vice President and CFO. John and Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our third quarter performance and we will follow that with a question and answer session. I would like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad, or others representing C. H. Robinson, may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Our SEC filings will contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management’s expectations. With that, I’ll turn it over to John.
John Wiehoff: Thanks to everybody taking time to listen to our third quarter conference call. About an hour ago we issued a press release sharing the third quarter results for 2009 and I am going to start by highlighting just a few of the key financial metrics on that release. For the third quarter ended September 30, 2009, our total revenues declined 15.6% to $1.95 billion. Our net revenues increased less than 1% to $352.0 million. Our income from operations increased 4.2% to $154.8 million. Our net income increased 2% to $95.5 million and our fully diluted EPS increased 5.6% to $0.57 per share. Same metrics for the year-to-date results. For the third quarter ended September 30, 2009, total revenues declined 15.9% to $5.6 billion. Our net revenues increased 1.2% to $1.043 billion. Income from operations increased 3% to $442.0 million. Net income increased 1% to $273.0 million and fully diluted EPS increased 3.2% to $1.61 per share.  In addition to the overall financial results, our press release gives more detailed growth percentages by our various service offerings. Consistent with the past calls, we are going to share some prepared comments and then open up the lines for questions. Our results for the third quarter of 2009 reflect many of the trends that we've discussed the past couple of quarters. The changes in the key financial metrics that I just read off are all relatively similar for the third quarter and year-to-date 2009 changes. Total revenues continued to decline for the third quarter of 2009. Transportation revenues declined by 20%, harbor sourcing revenues grew by 8.4%, and information services revenues declined by 8.5%. The 20% decline in transportation revenues resulted from generally lower prices in all modes of transportation. The lower prices were driven by declines in fuel prices and related fuel surcharges but also due to the lower rates exclusive of fuel due to soft demand and over-capacity situations in all modes driven by the recession. We also had volume declines in intermodal and international air and ocean.  Our sourcing division results continued their positive momentum in the third quarter with 9% net revenue growth. Similar to last quarter, the revenue growth was driven by volume, primarily with current customers. The relative stability of produce activity compared to other commodities, along with good execution from our sourcing division, resulted in the continued growth. Information services revenue from T-Chek decreased 8.5% driven by declines in transactions process and average lower fuel prices resulting in lower fees. We have discussed in the past quarter this year that one primary way that we've responded to the recession and the challenging environment is to remain very focused on sales and try and grow our market share. We feel like our business model and strong foundation is something that we could leverage in this environment.  Some assessments of our progress would be that we feel positive about our truckload volumes being roughly flat for the quarter. We feel positive about our volume growth in LTL transactions and we also feel positive about our sourcing growth. Transaction volumes for intermodal, international forwarding, and information services are generally closer to what we understand the overall industry activity to be. There are a variety of reasons for our relative growth or strength in each of the modes and service offerings but we continue to invest in expanding all of our capabilities, as well as our technology and account management processes to integrate these services across all modes and geographies. That continues to be our growth strategy. Our net revenue for the quarter was essentially flat. A significant amount of the decline in total revenues was driven by declines in the price of fuel. We believe that most changes in fuel prices function similar to a pass-through cost in our total revenues. Our gross margins and net revenue growth also fluctuate based upon the supply and demand relationship by each mode. It is worth noting that our largest revenue category, truckload services, did benefit again this quarter from margin expansion, even after factoring out the estimated impacts of fuel. Our truckload net revenues increased a couple of percent this quarter on roughly flat truckload volumes. Consistent with past economic cycles, as we have been able to increase our volume activity, we benefit less from margin expansion. Our estimated amount of net revenue growth due to truckload margin expansion decreased throughout the third quarter and was negative in the month of September. This trend has continued into the first few weeks of October where we have had truckload volume increases but an overall net revenue decline due to margin contraction. It is also relevant to note that our truckload shipments per day so far this October are comparable to those of this September but represent an increase over the previous year volumes. It's not certain if this trend will continue throughout the fourth quarter of 2009 but we do know that truckload volumes declined and our gross margins expanded throughout the fourth quarter of 2008 as the recession began to impact freight volumes. As we have stated many times before, the supply and demand relationships can change rather quickly and it's very difficult to predict them. The fourth quarter of last year highlighted how fast the market can change. While we have the uncertainty of gross margin fluctuations, we do plan to continue to pursue market share growth and expansion of our customer relationships as we believe that is the foundation of our long-term growth goals.  Our operating expenses for the third quarter of 2009 were down 2.6% as both personnel and SG&A expenses declined for the quarter. We have continued to manage our costs aggressively and execute with a variable cost approach. Our compensation plans generally keep most shorter-term incentives consistent with consistent levels of earnings, while our longer-term incentive costs are driven by growth rates and have decreased as a percentage of net revenue as our growth rate has slowed. We continue to believe these incentive plans do a great job of aligning our management team with our shareholders and create the right balance for us to create value over the long term while managing shorter-term profitability. We were able to complete a couple of acquisitions during the third quarter. In addition to the acquisition of International Trade and Commerce, ITC, on July 9, which we previously announced and discussed in our second quarter call, this September we announced the acquisition of Rosemont Farms and Quality Logistics, two related entities that provide produce and logistic services. We are excited about the addition of these teams to the Robinson network and would like to formally welcome them. We have continued to invest in our network this year with these acquisitions and investments in our technology and training that we think are going to continue to benefit us for the long term. Those are my prepared comments and with that I will turn it over to Chad.
Chad Lindbloom: I am going to give some comments on our cash flows and our balance sheet. Our net cash provided by operating activities was $156.0 million for the quarter. Our investment in working capital decreased during the quarter, due primarily to decreased revenue compared to the second quarter and in improvement in our days of sales outstanding. Our net cash use for investing activities was $51.2 million for the quarter. Our net capital expenditures were $9.0 million, which included $3.7 million related to our data center. We believe that all material capital expenditures related to the data center have been completed. We began moving into the new data center and we expect to be completely transitioned into by the end of this year. We had approximately $250,000 of depreciation for the data center during the quarter and we expect that to be about $2.3 million on an annual basis. We also spent $31.1 million of cash on the acquisitions that John talked about. Both of these acquisitions also have earn-outs based on growth and earnings. Our net cash used for financing activities was $86.2 million for the quarter, resulting primarily from share repurchases and dividends. We repurchased 900,000 shares this quarter at an average price of $55.65. Our balance sheet remains strong with cash and investments of approximately $388.0 million.  We continue to focus on principal preservation rather than maximizing yield. Our current interest-bearing cash and investments are split primarily between municipal money markets, municipal bonds, and Treasury money markets. Our investment income is down significantly compared to last year, due primarily to the changes in the overall market yields for high quality investments. Our largest asset continues to be our accounts receivable, which ended the quarter at $885.0 million. We are continuing to closely monitor and manage our accounts receivable risks and will continue to react to changes in our customer base. Our total provision for the quarter was $3.7 million compared to $4.3 million for the third quarter of last year. It is very difficult for us to predict what accounts will have issues in the future but we do feel comfortable with our current level of reserves. With that, we will turn it over for the question and answer portion of the call.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Analyst for Matthew Troy – Citigroup.
Analyst for Matthew Troy - Citigroup: You talked a little bit about sequential narrowing in the margin contribution, to your net revenue line during the quarter, with that recently turning negative. Can you talk a little more to that as to how that looks into an upturn and is this mostly a function of tougher comps or is it tougher pricing from the carrier or is a little bit of both?
John Wiehoff: We have talked a lot this year about kind of how our model typically works and I think what we saw during the third quarter was what we would expect as volumes start to improve a little bit, that our cost of hire increased or started to compare a little bit more aggressively sequentially as it increased, while our prices to the customers were staying fairly flat for the last five or six months. So it's not uncommon for us that when volumes start to improve that we will start to see some margin compression on a per-transaction basis.  So as volume improved and was flat for the third quarter and actually has increased for the first couple of weeks of October, we do see some margin compression, which again, for us that would be a normal expectation for this part of the cycle. What's difficult to tell is if that increase in volume is short term or a longer term trend or what will happen in the rest of October or the rest of the fourth quarter, but we do know that there is also, from a comparability standpoint, last fourth quarter volumes dropped each month and margins expanded as demand really softened.
Analyst for Matthew Troy - Citigroup: So as far as the volume trends in the quarter, can you give a little better color on that for us as well?
Chad Lindbloom: During the quarter, July, August, and September, they were on a per-business-day basis. Our truckload volumes were down a little bit in July and roughly flat in August and September, compared to 2008's same months.
Analyst for Matthew Troy - Citigroup: And into the first few weeks of October?
John Wiehoff: It's hard to tell into October because we look at per business day and there's one less business day, but kind of low- to mid-single digits. It jumps around each day. It's too early in the month to tell what it will project to. 
Analyst for Matthew Troy - Citigroup: As we move into the upturn, how long do you anticipate it taking for some of the pricing pass-through to be able to pass through to your customers as the costs begin to flex up? Or is that something that's going to depend on how volumes trend?
John Wiehoff: It definitely depends upon the overall market condition but it also depends upon the relationship with each of our customers. Some of the business is transactional and will reprice fairly aggressively when the market allows it to each day. Other customer relationships are priced out for as much as a year and can take a longer time to reprice. They don't necessarily wait the entire year but if there is an aggressive correction there may be repricing sooner, but if it's a modest correction it would generally ride out the year.  So it depends upon the unique expectation and commitments of each of the 30,000 plus customer relationships and it depends upon how radical the changes are in the market conditions.
Chad Lindbloom: And the second half of last year as well as this year, so far we have been at the high end of the range. Our current margins, when you look at dollars per load, or current profit per load, are still well within the range of what's normal.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank Securities: I just wanted to ask a little bit about the trends that you were seeing and maybe some commentary on the general environment. You talked about truckload volumes being stable year-over-year, volumes up year-over-year on the LTL market. And you called that out as market share. I was wondering whether or not some of that was inventory replenishment in the quarter and what you were seeing from your customers and if you could break it down, how much of that do you really think was market share in the truckload and in the LTL market and what percentage was maybe what we've been from some carriers, which is things are getting a little bit better and that would kind of echo with your statements on the margin side.
John Wiehoff: We don't get great visibility to the total demand of our shippers and kind of what they may or may not be doing in terms of inventory adjustments, so that piece is kind of hard for us to quantify. The things that we get the best visibility to is kind of the supply and demand relationships and how the availability of trucks compares to kind of the current demand. And we have, over the last couple of months, seen a little bit of tightening, which to us would mean that the supply and demand relationship is coming closer to alignment, where for the better part of the last year there has been a pretty significant excess of capacity. So that could be a combination of further corrections of capacity or further strengthening of demand. Likely, at least some element of both. We don't obviously have the firm data on exactly what the market would be, but our sense would be that, in both the truckload and less than truckload industries, that year-over-year there were still some degree of volume declines and that being flat or increasing our volumes represented some sort of market share movement. So that's where our comments would come from.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Yes, would you say that the truckload market was tighter than the LTL? I mean, that just seems to be the general consensus. I was curious what you saw.
John Wiehoff: Probably would have moved more during the quarter and we would get a greater sense of that. You know, with the LTL capacity it's not so much of a transactional day-to-day movement because of the fixed networks of the capacity, so you don't see the shorter-term corrections or the tightening in the capacity like you do on the daily truckload piece.  So yes, we would have seen more movement or tightening of the supply and demand relationship on the truckload side than the LTL during the quarter.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank Securities: When you think about the model, and obviously you have been transitioning fairly well, I mean especially relative to most other companies in general, not just transport companies. With net revenues being down and EPS remaining up, the cost side has been a nice lever for you to be able to pull. I guess two pieces to the question. Is this probably the worst that we see? Do you think that with margins crunching you are going to be able to offset that as maybe some volume comes back gradually, as long as we don't see a major spike in the economy? And then how fast do you need to bring people back on to deal with any of that volume that comes on alongside of any kind of reemergence of seasonality that we see?
John Wiehoff: While everything that we've seen so far this year would be what we would consider normal, or not normal but expected given that part of the cycle or that part of the environment, it gets really difficult to know how fast the market is going to continue to correct. So if capacity continues to tighten gradually over a longer period of time, we would have to manage a little bit differently and obviously add people slower or maybe not add that many going into next year. If the market tightens quicker and demand really accelerates over the next couple of months, we feel very confident about the ability to add people. That would certainly trigger opportunities or situations where we would need to reprice quicker, and who knows how successful we would be on that. And it would be customer-by-customer. So as demand comes back and as the market tightens out, we would be adjusting in our staffing approach. We would be adjusting in our pricing, but it really depends upon exactly how steep or aggressive those corrections come.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Switching focus a little bit, on the ocean shipping side, we've been hearing about pickups and exports out of Asia and some tightening in the pricing in those markets there. Your net revenues were down significantly and obviously a pretty weak market for most of the quarter. But as we move through the end of September and maybe if you have some comments on early October, any thoughts on what you are seeing trending there in the ocean shipping space?
John Wiehoff: I do not have any more current data than the end of the quarter but I know that throughout the quarter in the ocean mode there was some strengthening of the pricing, or the cost of the capacity, but it was coming off of such extremely low pricing and severe over-capacity that it was really hard to tell. Percentages really didn't mean very much. yes, a little bit of sequential improvement as the quarter wears on, but our view of the global forwarding market is that those volumes were probably impacted as severely as any of the parts of transportation that we're a part of.  And since our network is less mature and has less density in a lot of the lanes, the opportunities to consolidate or really kind of leverage purchase volumes, we're probably the most vulnerable there to being hit by the industry declines in volumes.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Chad, can you tell us where the share count ended for the quarter?
Chad Lindbloom: Where it ended for the quarter?
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Yes. We have the average number but you bought back shares in the quarter. I was just curious where it ended.
Chad Lindbloom: It would be about 450,000 lower than the average, give or take. I don't have the ending number with me.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: Help me understand this, because on the one hand I hear you saying that volumes were simply flat in September and now they're up a little. And yet it's enough tighter that you're starting to get squeezed a little bit. I guess it seems like there is a lot of capacity out there. I'm not sure how it could be that much tighter. Or is just that the West Coast is tighter and that drives a lot of your volume and so that explains it. Can you help me understand?
John Wiehoff: First off, volumes were sequentially flat. So September and into October our volumes and our pricing is remaining relatively stable. The squeeze is really in the comparison to the previous year where last year margins comparing to this year's margins. So that's where we're seeing margin compression relative to a year ago. In the supply and demand relationship, we would still characterize even the current environment as over-supply. There are plenty of trucks. Where it's just comparing differently to a year ago.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: And in terms of as you get into this and repricing, can you quantify what percentage of the business is transactional versus a contract that would take longer to work towards repricing?
John Wiehoff: We have tried to guess at that in the past and it's probably most useful to just share some specific data points. We know that we have roughly a third of our business in our top couple of hundred of customers where there is like some sort of longer-term pricing agreement or commitment. There's probably in the past we've estimated at least half of the business where there is some level of prepriced rates or some indication of commitment out there. What gets hard to quantify about it is that depending upon the relationship that we have with each of those shippers, sometimes they will tender us more or less than the anticipated volumes that those contracts arranged for. So there can be transactional or spot market relationships, along with the longer-term pricing ones. So it really does become a customer-by-customer, relationship-by-relationship thing as to how, on what percentage of the volume prepriced rates are honored and for what period of time. But again, like I said earlier, if and when you choose to reprice an account depends significantly upon how drastic the market conditions are moving.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: On the cost side, I was surprised that you had that much sequential decline in personnel costs and the G&A, to be honest about that. Is there anything that's driving that or is this sort of a sustainable level and it will just come back up as soon as the business comes back?
John Wiehoff: I think we had some personnel reductions throughout the first and second quarter that we weren't necessarily seeing the full benefit for until we got into the third quarter, and then we have the reduction of our longer-term variable costs that are accruing at a lesser rate because of a slower rate of earning. That's obviously helped us all year long, but again in the third quarter. So if you look at year-over-year, we actually had a bigger percentage decline in the average number of employees than we did in the personnel reductions. So no, I don't think there is anything unusual in terms of what you're seeing in the base amount of costs for third quarter.
Chad Lindbloom: And then the SG&A expenses, the biggest portion is bad debt or provision for doubtful accounts being down. I mentioned it was $6.1 million in the second quarter of 2009 and $3.7 million this quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Ceraso - Credit Suisse.
Christopher Ceraso - Credit Suisse: There have been a few questions on the relationship between revenue and volume on the one side and your margin on the other. Is there a rule of thumb or a rough ballpark number that you can give us in terms of what kind of volume growth would you need to see in order for the improvement on the top line to outweigh any pressure that pricing would put on your margin? Where is the break-even, so to speak?
John Wiehoff: There really is no rule of thumb and it's, as I said a couple of times, it's difficult to say because it really depends upon customer by customer and what the expectations and the commitments are. And on top of all of that, every year, in November and December the demand softens just seasonally. You know, some of this could just be more of an October volume peak than there has been the last couple of years. So the cost of capacity on a transactional basis will soften seasonally in November and December, like it does every year, I would assume. So it gets very hard to anticipate the precise relationship between the supply and demand and how that would work.  But I would just say that basically our business model is premised upon balancing those two forces. That as the market tightens up we know that we have to manage that margin and manage the pricing. But exactly how tight it gets and how much margin pressure there is and how and when you reprice is a day-by-day decision and an account-by-account decision with no real rule of thumb or preset relationship on how the two would work.
Christopher Ceraso - Credit Suisse: Can you give us some details on the acquisition that you made recently, in terms of the revenues associated with the new business, the level of gross profit, how fast you think it grows, and what are the size of the earn-outs?
Chad Lindbloom: As far the size of the acquisition, we talked about it, it was about $150.0 million gross revenue for Rosemont Farms with a little bit of that being transportation but predominantly produce, which has margins similar to our produce business.  The earnings should be—it's really hard to say. It's not going to be all that accretive in the first year. Maybe $0.02 to $0.03.  And as far as the earn-outs go, there is a total of potential earn-outs of approximately $20.0 million for the two acquisitions combined, ITC and Rosemont Farms.
Christopher Ceraso - Credit Suisse: And that extends over how long?
Chad Lindbloom: Three years.
Christopher Ceraso - Credit Suisse: Has there been any change in the complexion of your base because of the downturn, in terms of the number of large shippers versus smaller shippers?
John Wiehoff: No.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Longson - Morgan Stanley.
Adam Longson - Morgan Stanley: When you looked at your contractual business, and I know you said it's hard to measure, do you have a sense of how many contracts are out there above market rates and how much of the gross margin expansion you are seeing is simply a product of those customers?
John Wiehoff: Well, we talked earlier in the year, there was a lot of repricing and bidding activity that happened in the first quarter or early part of the second quarter and really from a customer pricing standpoint, those rates have stayed fairly constant for the rest of this year, thus far. What's really changing is the fact that as the market tightens a little bit that cost of hire will start to creep up where the daily or transactional rate for hiring the truck will tighten a little bit.  So because the overall market is still probably what most people would characterize as an over-supply situation, I wouldn't say we have very many of any customer relationships where the rates really aren't at market. It's more just the supply and demand relationship. Now, what will happen if the market softens and the cost of capacity starts to fall in the next few months, or soften again, then our margins could expand or compare similar to what they were a year ago. If the market continues to tighten, depending on how aggressively it does, we may see some more margin compression due to the cost of higher increasing. And then when or if it's every appropriate to talk about a rate increase or a reprice on the customer side, usually it happens after at least some period of sustained type capacity where the market is giving a clear signal that prices should start to move up. And we're not near that today but it will be a kind of week-by-week, month-by-month thing, depending upon on what the market does.
Adam Longson - Morgan Stanley: There has also been a lot of talk on broker failures in the last couple of quarters, under the weight of customers not paying and then higher working capital balances. Do you see that as a big opportunity for Robinson and do you see any opportunity to use your larger working capital balances or better payment terms to either drive more volume or maybe support your gross margins?
John Wiehoff: We have always felt that part of our market share gains in the past and part of the opportunity in the future is to consolidate a very fragmented brokerage marketplace by bringing higher caliber service, better technology, better people, more reliability and stability, so yes, we would continue to look for any weakness in competition or any market failures as an opportunity to go in and be aggressive and continue to take market share.  I don't know that we would do anything differently because we feel like we've been trying to do that for quite some period of time. But I would say, in a lot of respects, we feel good about the landscape, the competitive landscape, the market conditions and our ability to grow, and all that is just being offset by overall contraction in the market over the last year.  So we'll see as we move forward what the overall demand in the marketplace looks like, but we're as I said in my prepared comments, we're absolutely going to continue to sell aggressively and look to take market share and take that market share from other third-party brokers as well as converting market share to the third-party model that we feel we can add value to that where a shipper may be dealing directly with the carrier community today.
Adam Longson - Morgan Stanley: If you look back historically, the transport gross margins used to bounce around between kind of 16% to 17%, prior to 2006. And they've sort of risen steadily since then. Putting fuel aside, is there anything sort of mix-related or structural that you think has driven them higher over the past several years, or is it realistic to think we may see those margins again? I guess, what is your view on what a sustainable gross margin might be in a normalized freight environment at this point.
Chad Lindbloom: There definitely has been a mix shift going on, when you look at the different categories of transportation net revenues. Things like miscellaneous, which has become a bigger percentage, is close to 100% margin. Most of that is fee-based business. As well as LTL has a much higher margin than full truck load. And air does as well. So there's definitely a mix shift that's driven part of the margin expansion.  Exactly what is sustainable is really difficult to predict but in the upper teens, I think, based on the current revenue mix, is sustainable, absent large fuel increases again. Or we could go right back where we were last year if fuel prices spike way up. But that is basically a dollar-for-dollar pass-through.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Wolf with Michael Baer – Wolfe Research.
Ed Wolf with Michael Baer – Wolfe Research: The LTL volume growth in the quarter was what?
Chad Lindbloom: It was right around 30%.
Ed Wolf with Michael Baer – Wolfe Research: Year-over-year?
Chad Lindbloom: Year-over-year. The margins were roughly flat and the gross billings per transaction was down quite a bit, both because of price of fuel, underlying rates, and the weight per shipment.
Ed Wolf with Michael Baer – Wolfe Research: How much was weight per shipment then?
Chad Lindbloom: Somewhere in the low double digits, around 12%.
Ed Wolf with Michael Baer – Wolfe Research: And what was that like in second quarter year-over-year?
Chad Lindbloom: About the same, if I remember right.
Ed Wolf with Michael Baer – Wolfe Research: Do you know what that doubtful account number was for fourth quarter 2008, for the current quarter's comp?
Chad Lindbloom: $4.3 million.
Ed Wolf with Michael Baer – Wolfe Research: John, I just want to see if I'm thinking about this right. If truckload volume growth was flat in third quarter on a positive 9 comp a year ago, all else being, give or take, the same, last year's comp in fourth quarter of minus 4—just making the comps the same assuming demand is at the same level—would imply year-over-year of positive 13% kind of volumish. Am I thinking about that right, assuming no major change in demand?
John Wiehoff: I think so. I don't have last year's fourth quarter volume numbers in front of me but I know that they dropped off quite a bit sequentially during the fourth quarter of last year. So if you sort of assume that demand stays constant, each month is going to taper off a little bit, but if you assume that we have continued strengthening in demand, like the first two weeks of October, you could see an volume increase in that range.
Ed Wolf with Michael Baer – Wolfe Research: And in terms of the net operating margin at 56.1, you talked about the year-over-year there's a little bit of improvement on the bad debt. Is there anything else that—is this is as good as it can get or can you keep growing the business faster than the employees or reducing the employees faster than the volume is going away or however you want to look at that. But it's pretty amazing. I'm guessing this is a record margin in a quarter.
John Wiehoff: It's near the best if it's not. It's pretty good. Now if you look back over the last ten years, it's been gradually improving and I think our message for the last year or two has been that we are not anywhere near out of productivity initiatives or trying to leverage the scale on size of the network, but the math just gets harder and harder to move the needle a lot on that percentage. So we do feel like it's sustainable. We do have lots of goals to try to improve it, but the magnitude of improvement going forward is not likely to be like the lasts ten years have been.
Chad Lindbloom: We look at the inverse number at 43.9% operating income to net revenue. I don't know that it will stay exactly that high but it should stay about 40% we believe.
Operator: Your next question comes from Thomas Wadewitz – JP Morgan.
Thomas Wadewitz – JP Morgan: I wanted to ask you about how you think incentive comp might affect you next year? I think you may have two programs that would be in place, or have been in place this year and would affect next year and I'm wondering if you can give us a directional sense if you do see a material pick up in volumes and you maintain, you build some momentum in the net revenue, will you see a pretty significant headwind from some of the incentive programs kicking in to a greater extent?
Chad Lindbloom: It depends how much earnings grow, really, so it's not really just driven on volumes or net revenue. If earnings started to grow significantly, yes it could add a percent, or even more, of net revenue in personnel expense.
Thomas Wadewitz – JP Morgan: Will you have two vesting programs in place next year?
Chad Lindbloom: There are two sets of three-year grants currently outstanding that would continue to vest through next year, yes.
John Wiehoff: And we actually have more restricted stock that's vesting and outstanding this year than we did the previous year, than we did in 2008, it's just that our growth rate has been so much slower this year that the overall expense is down.
Thomas Wadewitz – JP Morgan: With two programs vesting, would that make the, I guess the way it would play in next year different from what it would have been in prior upturns, or is that not particularly something to focus on in terms of two programs instead of one.
Chad Lindbloom: Well, the last time there was a big upturn in 2004 there were not two different grants vesting.
John Wiehoff: So I think that would mean is that if we had significant income growth, 15+%, I think you would see a slightly higher percentage increase in our personnel expense increases than you would have seen, like Chad said earlier, maybe as much as 1% of net revenue, that you would see it growing faster than maybe you would have had in previous cycles where our earnings were increasing. But as Chad said earlier, that phenomena only occurs when we're growing our earnings because divesting is based on the growth. So if our earnings are flat, you won't see that uptick in personnel expense.
Thomas Wadewitz – JP Morgan: What are your thoughts about, again, if you see a material pickup in demand next year, would you expect to ratchet up the SG&A spending considerably or are you comfortable with a modest increase versus the current level?
Chad Lindbloom: There would be some increase to the current level obviously. People are doing a lot less discretionary travel right now and some other expenses, but I don't think it's going to go up significantly faster than net revenues.  Obviously credit and finance or bad debt expense has been a big variable this year, or over the last two years.
Thomas Wadewitz – JP Morgan: So you would likely see some operating leverage where that might go down as a percent of revenue, SG&A?
Chad Lindbloom: I don't know that it would go down much. I'm saying I don't think it would grow faster by a significant amount.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Hoexter – BAS-ML.
Ken Hoexter – BAS-ML: Can you talk a bit on the truck side, what percent of the business is truckload and LTL at this point?
Chad Lindbloom: It's somewhere around 12% or 13% of net revenues is LTL, I believe.
Ken Hoexter – BAS-ML: And when you think about the potential of disruption within the LTL universe, can you talk a bit about what that would mean for your network and your ability to distribute those volumes?
John Wiehoff: Well, today, because the marketplace still has a fair amount of excess capacity, I don't think we would be too concerned about the ability to redistribute freight with any kind of reduction of capacity that might happen in the marketplace. As demand strengthens, if demand strengthens, and the supply and demand relationship comes closer into line, then obviously it would become more of an issue, but I guess the way we would think about it is if that demand continues to improve it's probably going to drive some meaningful improvement in the network density and profitability of the carriers as well, too. So the likelihood of a failure decreases as the volumes increase. So one of the value propositions that we bring to the marketplace is our network of providers and our automated relationships that we believe give flexibility to a shipper. So we feel like we're benefiting in the marketplace today from the standpoint that our value proposition we think has a lot of relevance.  And we feel pretty prepared to react and help our customers, regardless of kind of what the marketplace throws at us. And at the same time we're working hard to try to be a better provider or shipper to the carriers that we're working with because it's very important that they get the right kind of freights tendered to their network to optimize their profitability as well.
Ken Hoexter – BAS-ML: And on the truckload side, as you get a market that starts to turn, and I wonder those truckload companies, we just went through a very aggressive bid season, those that might have bid maybe a little low on some rates, and if we start to get a bit of tightening, do they tend to still show up to those customers or do they tend to kind of be the first ones to run to the spot rate, and then do you see those customers then start to chase, or need the demand and access to a broker, such as yourself?
John Wiehoff: That's the interesting part of the marketplace is I think you're going to see all of the above, depending upon how aggressive people were in their bidding and depending upon exactly what their profitability and sustainability is, you'll see a wide range of behavior on the capacity side when the market starts to tighten. So I'm certain there are providers out there that will move the moment the market provides them the opportunity to and there are lots of other providers out there who have long-term committed relationships that they will continue to honor. And 40,000 or 50,000 relationships in between that we try to sort out and manage and do the right thing on both sides.
Ken Hoexter – BAS-ML: You are very decentralized on your hiring. Have you started to see any of the offices—if you are seeing volumes start to firm up—have you started to see any of the regional offices increase hiring yet?
John Wiehoff: There are some of the offices that are posting positions. I think somewhere around 30 or 40 of the offices might have an opening on our site. There's always a blend of kind of natural turnover and replacement of positions. That doesn't necessarily mean that many locations are actually adding to staff. And even though we corrected some staffing levels and adjusted to our metrics fairly aggressive in the first part of the year, most of our locations still carried a little bit of extra staffing and we've got a lot of different productivity initiatives out there, so our hope is that we've got a lot of capability and a lot of room for growth at today's staffing levels, but we also know that we've got a good process in place and a good training model and we will add to the team very quickly if that becomes appropriate.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from Christopher Ceraso - Credit Suisse.
Christopher Ceraso - Credit Suisse: Just one quick follow-up. You mentioned that the provision for bad accounts went down sequentially. Is that a result of you seeing improvements in delinquencies or what gives you the confidence to be taking the provision down?
Chad Lindbloom:   Our aging is in really good shape but it has been all along. It's really just been less customer specific issues happened this quarter than last quarter. Last quarter we had a couple big customers that we made provisions for. This quarter we did not have any significant accounts that we felt we needed to specifically reserve for.
Christopher Ceraso - Credit Suisse: And you said it was also down versus a year ago. Is that the same issue?
Chad Lindbloom: Yes. The big variability is driven by customer-specific problems. And we just had fewer. No significant ones this quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company: I wanted to follow-up a little bit on the market share gains in terms of whether that's coming a little bit more from newer customers that you haven't had relationships with, and if so, what some of those strategies might be to have been going after those for, whether that's coming from more of a penetration strategy within your top accounts.
John Wiehoff: I would say it's both, that we are emphasizing account management and cross selling of all modes and services as aggressively as ever, so I do believe that a lot of our LTL growth is coming from historic truckload customers where we're being more aggressive about pursuing different opportunities and services from them. But in addition, we have tried to remain very aggressive in the marketplace and while we are being cautious with credit limits, we also feel like we're being prudent in terms of taking some risks with new relationships and making certain that we're active and out there in the marketplace. If you look at our business model and the fact that we train our people generally on the broader transportation cycle and both the customer and capacity side, one of the opportunities that a over-supply or a loose capacity market provides to us is that we do have more opportunity to spend more time looking for freight and looking for customer relationships and making sales calls because we're not required to spend quite as much time looking for capacity. So in the ebb and flow of how we manage our business, it's an emphasis on getting out in the marketplace, both with current accounts and cross selling and trying to penetrate, as well as looking for new opportunities.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company: And do you feel like the mix of those new opportunities that are coming on are ones that you can build long-term relationships with or are some of them just looking for some short-term cost savings or the flexibility that you provide in terms of what might stick going forward?
John Wiehoff: There is always some of both. We have lots of relationships that come and go. One of our general strategies is to try to take those transactional relationships and educate them from our point of view with information and scenarios to help them understand how we can help them more with a committed relationship and a longer-term arrangement with more integration and more automation and more data.  So yes, we see lots of both types of opportunities, where people want to make more holistic supply chain or logistic changes and they are working with us to do analytics and implement some of the freight programs in a much more integrated, automated way. And then we get thousands of transactional customers who use us when the market provides the right opportunity and may go away from us when the market changes. But that can work both ways with the capacity side as well, too. There are lots of people who come to us when they need us, when the market conditions warrant us. And we are okay with that. And one element. We just need to make sure that we sort it out and treat everybody fairly depending upon the type of relationship that we have with them.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company: Chad, just one quick question on the cost side. Were pretty much all the costs with the new facility and DNA pretty much in there for the entire third quarter?
Chad Lindbloom: No, they weren't. I gave the numbers of the DNA that was in there, which was $250,000 for the quarter. Because it really ramped up—part of it started in August and then the rest in September. There will be more like $2.3 million of depreciation on an annualized basis.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company: Were there any kind of one-time operational expenses that were kind of embedded within the move that might dissipate a little bit?
Chad Lindbloom: Nothing significant. All significant costs are capitalized in a project like that.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue.
Angie Freeman: Thanks, everybody, for participating in our third quarter 2009 conference call. I would like to remind you that this call will be available for replay in the investor relations section of our Web site at chrobinson.com. It will also be available by dialing 800-406-7325 and entering the pass code 4164763#. The replay will be available at approximately 7:00 pm ET today. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to call me, Angie Freeman, at 952-937-7847.
Operator:
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Angie Freeman - Vice President of Investor Relations & Public Affairs John Wiehoff - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Chad Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: William Greene - Morgan Stanley Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Research Matt Troy - Citigroup Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird Alex Brand - Stephens Inc. Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets John Larkin - Stifel Nicolaus David Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Company Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company
Operator: Welcome to the C. H. Robinson second quarter 2009 conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Following today’s presentation instructions will be given for the question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Tuesday, July 21, 2009. I would now like to turn the conference over to Angie Freeman, C. H. Robinson Vice President of Investor Relations.
Angie Freeman: On our call today will be John Wiehoff, CEO and Chad Lindbloom, Senior Vice President and CFO. John and Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our second quarter performance and we will follow that with a question and answer session. I would like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad or others representing C. H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management’s expectations. With that, I’ll turn it over to John.
John Wiehoff: Thanks to everyone for taking the time to listen to our second quarter conference call. About an hour ago we issued our press release showing the second quarter results for 2009. I am going to start by highlighting just a few of the key financial results that we focused on in that release. For the second quarter ended June 3o, 2009 our total revenues declined to 17% to $1.9 billion. Net revenues increased 3.1% to $351 million. Income from operations increased to 3.7% to $149 million. Net income increased 2% to $92.3 million. Our fully diluted EPS was up 3.8% to $0.54 a share. Year-to-date numbers; for the second quarter ended June 30, were fairly similar. Our total revenues declined 16.1% to $3.6 billion. Net revenues increased 1.6% to $690 million. Income from operations up 2.4% to $287 million. Net income, up one half of the 1% to $177 million and fully diluted EPS increased 2% to $1.04 per share. In addition to the overall results, our press release gives more detailed growth percentages by our various service offerings that we report on. Consistent with the past calls, I’m going to share a few prepared comments and then we will open it up for questions. I would acknowledge upfront that many of the second quarter prepared comments and messages are fairly similarly to the first quarter of this year. Our transportation total revenue declines were driven by declines in both volume and price in most modes of transportation. Majority of the price decline was driven by the decrease in the price of fuel. The volume decreases were pretty much across most of our customers driven by the recession. As we said last quarter, our approach to the current market conditions is to sell aggressively and to try to gain new business to help offset declines and freights from current customers. Our sourcing division results for the second quarter were again a positive highlight. Our sourcing business was able to grow revenues 12% in the second quarter. The revenue growth was driven by volume primarily with current customers. The relative stability of produce activity compared to other commodities along with good execution from our sourcing division resulted in solid growth. Information services revenue from T-Chek decreased 15% driven by the declines in transactions processed and lower fuel prices resulting in lower fees. From a net revenue standpoint, we were up 3% for the quarter. The primary variance between total revenues and net revenues is in transportation, the explanation is consistent with the first quarter, but it's worth talking through again. Most of the variance in growth rates from total revenues to net revenues is driven by price changes related to the price of fuel. While there are many variations of surcharges and methods to contract for changes in the price of fuel, we believe most changes in fuel for truckload shipments function similar to our pass-through cost in our total revenues. Net revenue growth in our truckload services was driven by margin increases. When freight demand is weak, volume growth slows or declines as it did again this quarter. When carriers make decisions to reduce prices, we'll generally adjust to that pricing quickly as most of our carrier pricing is spot market or negotiated daily. Customer rates generally move a little slower which generate some short-term margin expansion. That timing difference and rate adjustments generally works against our net revenue margins when prices begin to rise and carriers adjust their prices up faster than most shippers. Net revenue growth was most challenged in our intermodal and international modes of transportation. Our intermodal volumes were only down slightly from a year ago; however, market conditions were very different this year with regards to fuel prices, competitive bidding, carrier realignments and truck competitiveness. Volumes with current customers declined and growth largely came from new customers and lower prices. Global forwarding net revenue and volume growth were challenged by very difficult market conditions. We had volume declines in most current customers and significant price pressures across the industry from overall volume drops. Our operating expenses for the second quarter of 2009 were up 2.6%; personnel was up 3.6% and SG&A was flat. As most of you know, we have a lot of different variable compensation plans that drive our personnel expense. While there were some variances to prior years in each of the plans, one of our primary objectives is to keep personnel as a percent of net revenue as variable as possible. Total personnel as a percent of net revenue, was 43.1% in the second quarter of this year and 42.9% for the second quarter of last year. A flat SG&A is largely due to managing our discretionary spending down this year, offset by having do absorb some higher bad debt expense from customers, who have not been able to survive the recession. On our last call, we discussed that during the first quarter of this year, we had made some staffing adjustments in many of our branch locations, where the sudden decline in freight volumes had been the most severe. While each of our 230 locations is a little bit unique, the general theme around hiring and staffing during the second quarter of this year was very limited hiring, combined with some level of normal employee turnover, resulting in a modest decline in total employees during the second quarter. We saw good improvements during the second quarter with regards to many of our key metrics around productivity and staffing. Like most companies, it's been a challenge for us to balance all the obligations and goals for productivity and profitability, whilst staying focused on long-term success, protecting our culture, being fair to our employees, and making certain that we have adequate resources to serve our customers and respond to whatever opportunities exist. Our leadership team feels pretty good about that balance today. We continue to be cautious about hiring, but we believe we can ramp up as necessary and we have a strong team in place today that’s capable of handling our customers' needs and driving any growth opportunities. Considering the drastic changes in overall market demand during the past six to eight months, we were relatively happy with our results. Like most companies, the employees of Robinson have had to make some significant adjustments this year to respond to what's happening in the marketplace. We think our employees have done a great job of adjusting to the current realities and opportunities in the marketplace. So, while we didn't achieve our long-term growth target of 15%, we do believe our results speak well for our business model, culture and employee attitude. With that I'll turn it over to Chad for some more prepared comments.
Chad Lindbloom: Thanks, John. I am going to give some comments on our cash flow and balance sheet for the quarter. Our net cash provided by our operating activities was $27.8 million for the quarter. Our investment in working capital increased during the quarter due to the increased revenues compared to the first quarter. Our net cash use for investing activities was $19.5 million for the quarter. Our net CapEx was $8.6 million for the quarter, which included $3.6 million related to the new data center. We expect to have future expenditures related to the data center of between $2 million and $2.5 million during the remainder of 2009. Our current plan is to transition to that data center in August and September of this year. We expect annualized expenses related to the data center of $2.4 million of which $2 million is depreciation and amortization. Also included in our cash flow from investing activities were $12.4 million paid for the acquisition of Walker, the UK-based international forwarder that we previously announced. Our cash use for financing activities was $103.6 million for the quarter, resulting primarily from share repurchases and dividends. We repurchased 1,380,000 shares at an average price of $51.79. Our balance sheet remains strong with cash and investments of $357 million. We continue to invest our cash with the focus on principal preservation rather than maximizing yields. Our current interest-bearing cash and investments are split primarily between municipal money markets and treasury money markets. Our investment income is down significantly compared to last year primarily due to changes in the overall market yields on high quality short-term investments. Our largest asset continues to be our accounts receivable, which ended the quarter at $921 million. We are continuing to closely monitor and manage our receivable portfolio and will continue to make adjustments to customer terms and limits if wanted. Most of our receivables have 30 days terms and turn quickly, because of this we tend to find out about problems relatively early. Our total provision for doubtful accounts was $6.1 million for the quarter, compared to $4.3 million for the second quarter of last year. This increase was driven primarily by specific customer issues. It’s very difficult for us to predict what accounts will have issues in the future, but we do feel comfortable with our current level of reserves. That concludes our prepared remarks. We will now open it up for questions and answers.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of William Greene with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: Yes, good afternoon. I’m just wondering if you can talk a little bit about some of your views on acquisitions. You’ve done a number of tuck-ins, but I’m curious if you can offer any color on how big an acquisition you could do. Is there sort of a size limit you think about or what are the attributes that you’d think about that would limit your ability to make an acquisition?
John Wiehoff: A lot of our acquisition focused in the last couple of years has been building our global forwarding network. And in this particular case the Walker business is in the UK where while we had one office, we really didn’t have a very strong presence from a forwarding standpoint. So, it was a nice fit to our network. There really is no theoretical limits to the size of deal that we’ve explored in that past or that we’d be open to in the future, however as we build out our network and gain what we believe is a better presence in different parts of the world, the likelihood that we would want to acquire more in those regions goes down, because our plan would be to integrate and to kind of operate and grow organically from there. So as we said many times in the past, there are many parts of the world in Asia and Eastern Europe and other places where we don’t have a presence where we plan to continue to invest and we certainly would be open to deals larger than these and building out the network. But the likelihood of buying an existing global network with a lot of overlap becomes less likely, as we get further into our build.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks. Just one follow-up, if there are any dislocations in the LTL market, how do you think that will affect Robinson?
John Wiehoff: It would depend, the size of the dislocation and kind of how much capacity leaves. But there certainly are pretty wide variances and service capabilities and pricing. So, depending upon who left the market and what service areas were impacted, what pricing was impacted, there could be pretty significant impacts. We pride ourselves in flexibility and automation and kind of existing relationships where we could kind of put together new solutions. So, we don’t necessarily hope for or plan specifically for any of those failures, but we would be ready to react and try to help our customers get through whatever it happens.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: But I think it’s safe to say that in the past periods of distress in the market or dislocations, you’ve typically profited in that, is that fair?
John Wiehoff: Sometimes we don't, I don't like the word profit because oftentimes when we get involved in a new relationship, we do so in an investment part of it and try to build the relationship over the longer time. I think, I agree with what you said, but I would rephrase it to say that, based upon what we are and how our network functions when there is dislocation or stress in the marketplace, we think we can take advantage of those opportunities to expand our relationships and get some new ones.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Ceraso with Credit Suisse.
Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse:  I think you've mentioned a couple of times in the past and you kind of hinted at it in your prepared remarks today of how, when volumes are declining, you have this benefit between new purchase cost and what you sell to customers. But you've said that, a prolonged downturn, is a difficult environment for you, we're getting pretty long and the truth here in the downturn and you still seem to be delivering better results and margin expansion. What should we look forward and when do you start to loose the ability to continue to exploit dislocations in pricing?
John Wiehoff: It's a good question and each, while in general, the market cycles and our results, kind of, have behaved similarly in the past, each -- the depth and slope of each cycle and each recovery is a little bit unique. We do know that in the fourth quarter of last year is when volumes began to decline rather meaningfully and margins began to expand. So, as we said, as the year wears on, margin comparisons will be tougher and tougher. Then the other variable that factors into that is how is overall supply and demand and how tight is the truck market. If we continue to see, continued softness and continued weakening in demand, it may still be weaker than a year ago and provide the ability for continued margin expansion as it continues to soften or go down. If in the second half of this year freight demand increases and the market begins to tighten, than the demand relative to the amount of capacity out there, I think by the fourth quarter, we'll all start to see more difficult comparisons for us from a margin standpoint and we'll have to make it up in volume.
Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse: Its like you said, when things start to turn, the shippers will adjust more quickly, or your carriers are going to raise prices more quickly?
John Wiehoff: That’s correct. And just like it takes awhile for shippers to do bids and realign route guides, it takes a while for us to readdress prices on the shipper side and adjust to the market when it starts to move up.
Chad Lindbloom: And when you look at our performance, although it is pretty good compared to the market, when you talk about our 15% long-term growth rates, we are in a prolonged downturn, but we are also significantly below our long-term expected growth rate.
Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse: Right. Have you noticed any changes in the competitive landscape lately? For example, have any of the asset-based carriers that have brokerage divisions, have they gotten more aggressive in their brokerage operations to try to make up for troubles in the asset side of the business?
John Wiehoff: The market as a whole is extremely competitive, but it's really to decipher that sort of split when kind of looking at it. So we won't really be able to tell that. It would be logical that that might be the case that asset utilization is so important to the asset-based truckers that when freight demand softens like it has, I think there is a tremendous amount of pressure to take all available freight and use it to improve your asset utilization. We've owned truck lines twice in our history and we've had that same experience. So it's a very rational economic response. So I can't tell you based on competitive pressures that that is happening, but it would be logical.
Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse: Okay. Just one last quick one. The sourcing business was particularly strong. Have you noticed in past cycles that tends to be a signal that things are getting better or no?
John Wiehoff: No, I think that's really more kind of an independent thing, where our food volumes have just stayed a little bit more consistent, and we are constantly working for different commodities and different categories with different retailers and food service organization. So, if we win a few new assignments and there happen to be good crops it actually as a significant variable in there. We'll tend to see more stable growth or activity. So, I think that kind of on its own progression of cycles.
Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks for your help.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Edward Wolfe with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Research: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. Can you talk to the 3% net revenue growth? If you look at that how it progressed throughout the quarter between April, May and June, and into July?
Chad Lindbloom: During the quarter, it progressed to get slightly better on our per business day basis. It started lower than the overall finished better than the overall. And when you look at it in the July, that trend has continued. But again that's through yesterday, that's a pretty small part of the total quarter.
Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Research: Sure. When I look at the gross yield expansion in truck of over 500 basis points, it's greater than the total transportation. I think in words you said something that in fact the intermodal gross yields was flat year-over-year. What's the difference there, is it just simply rail rates are holding up firmer than truckload rates?
Chad Lindbloom: Yes. We had reductions in our prices to our customers to be able to continue to expand our intermodal volumes.
Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Research: So, your intermodal pricing to your customer is weaker than your truckload pricing of your customer?
Chad Lindbloom: There was a bigger change in it.
John Wiehoff: Year-over-year?
Chad Lindbloom: Year-over-year.
Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Research: But you’re saying, just to understand is that the supply side of it is less the issue than the demand side of it. In other words, it’s not your cost for railroad was firming up on you versus your truck cost weakening it’s what you’re being able to get from your customer or is it the spread?
John Wiehoff: I think Ed; you’re driving more at the kind of the relative competitiveness that, a year ago with higher fuel prices, and fuel being a smaller component of the rail cost structure, a lot of the opportunities that we pursue were comparing the relative truck and rail pricing. So, rail was at a stronger advantage a year ago. This year, with the fuel comparisons and the carrier realignments and the market changing through a lot of the bids, there were just many fewer opportunities, where on a transactional basis, where rail was as competitive. So, we were able to replace a lot of that volume with different, more dedicated lower priced freight; but there’s a lot of moving parts in there that factored into the variances between truck and rail year-over-year.
Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Research: Okay, one last one. You spent $65 million in repurchasing stock, which I think is a record for you guys in a quarter. How should we think about that going forward? Was it related to valuation or was it, how do we think about it and going forward?
Chad Lindbloom: It was not related to valuation. During the quarter, we monitor our cash balance and try to hold it between $300 million and $400 million. So, we redeployed cash through share repurchases pretty equally throughout the quarter to accomplish that goal.
Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Research: Okay. Thanks for the time guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Troy with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Matt Troy - Citigroup: Yes, thanks. Question on the data center; I just want to confirm, that there is minimal or low switching risks with that new system. When you light that up, that’s not a customer facing application it is just a pure back office data center?
John Wiehoff: It is.
Matt Troy - Citigroup: Okay. And if I think about it, what kind of capacity does that give you going forward? If it’s investment, what kind of timeframe does that buy or how do you measure that investment in terms of what it’s provided in terms of future capacity?
John Wiehoff: Okay. As far as transition risk, it is moving all of our applications, which include completely internally focused systems as well as externally. And it’s the risk, that’s why it’s going to be done over two month period. So, we bring a piece of application live over the weekends, pretty much. We’re going to transition not try to shut the whole old center down and the new one up. So, we can always rollback if something doesn’t work, portion of it. So, we feel pretty good about the risk of transition. As far as future capacities, the data center is going to be running at maybe a third of capacities, pretty difficult to predict. How long that will last us because machines keep getting smaller and smaller and more efficient, we for the foreseeable future. Our last data center that we’re moving out of, we put in place in 1990.
Matt Troy - Citigroup: Right, again and then going forward as we think about your capital investment, are there any foreseeable projects or requirements over the next two to four years that would drive an uptick like we saw with data center?
John Wiehoff: We do own some more land here at our corporate headquarters campus, and we may in the next two to four years probably more (Inaudible) start construction of another office building. Other than that it should be consistent with current levels excluding the data center.
Matt Troy - Citigroup: Thank you. And last question from me is that with folks hopeful that we will see some improvement in the broader volume environment the back half and our expectations are just from pure seasonality back to school and holiday, peak that there should be some improvement. Are you seeing anything in the market? Are you hearing hard commentary from your customers that people are starting to look for capacity or having attention to ship more as we head into the third quarter and fourth quarter? Are we still talking more conceptual here in terms of hope for a volume width? Thanks guys.
John Wiehoff: We don't get great visibility to that. So we can't hangout anything specific that would make it feel better. Though, I think, probably the most optimistic statement is, if you look at the last several years of activity as I mentioned earlier in the fourth quarter of last year, things dropped out pretty hard. So as long as we can sort of stay at the current seasonal run levels, I think, year-over-year at least you'll see some relative strengthening when you get into the second half of the year. But that's obviously very tough to predict and we get in some cases annual bids, but there really are no volume guarantees and they are all subject to fluctuations on business activity. And in terms of firm orders, probably a week or so is the mostly lead time we get visibility of hard shipments. So it's just really hard for us to predict what the future is going to be like.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Tom Wadewitz with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan: Good afternoon. I wanted to ask you first on, view on gross margin you had -- I think, you naturally tend to see a little lower gross margin in second quarter typically versus first. And you had some of that. Do you think, given that there is a still probably lot of excess capacity in the market that you can sustain the type of gross margin you had in second quarter for a couple of more quarters. I mean 20.6% transportation gross margin is still a pretty high number. But given that there is a lot of capacity, you think that can last for a few more quarters?
Chad Lindbloom: I guess it is possible, yes, but it is also possible it could go down. It really depends on supply and demand mix. And even though the demand is still relatively weak, there's still, there's also plenty of supply still available at source. It is a fall peak which there hasn’t been in a few years. It could tighten up and reduce margins.
Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan: Okay. Then do you have any sense of capacity leaving the market in a meaningful fashion that would give you potential tightening, or is it just really tough to get visibility, and what the truckload market might look like over the next few quarters?
John Wiehoff: It's hard to be precise about that, but we do know, each month we're signing up new carriers and looking for new capacity and we do know that in the second quarter, while we signed up more than a 1000 carriers, again the total number was a little bit less than the last four or five quarters. So it does feel maybe that there is a slight reflection of capacity leaving the marketplace.
Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan: Right. Okay. And then, guess a last question on the headcount. It looks like your headcount was down about 2% sequentially and you said that’s kind of less hiring plus attrition, is that an approach that you would expect to continue so that sequentially you would see some further reduction in headcount in third quarter and maybe fourth, or was that a one-time type of thing and then you get back to holding headcount flat or increasing it a little bit?
John Wiehoff: It will largely depend upon what happens with volume across the network, because the network will react pretty quickly to other and as they need the additional staff to do it. However, from a year-over-year comparison standpoint, last year we were hiring pretty much throughout the entire year. So even if we hire the full level of replacement turnover in the third and fourth quarter, our year-over-year staffing would probably continue to decline a little bit.
Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan: So you think right now given that you are in third quarter that you'll be down a little bit further third versus backend?
John Wiehoff: I was talking compared to previous years. Third versus second, it's difficult to predict.
Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan: You don't know yet? Okay, all right. Thank you for the time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jon Langenfeld with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Is there something about the high bidding season, the high volume of bids out there that allowed your trends to diverge again from the general market trends, when I look back at the fourth quarter volumes down 4%, down 10% in the first. And now they've kind of regained their footing down only 5% while the market is as bad or in some cases worst than the first quarter. So, there's something about that bid process where you guys did better than you might traditionally do or is it just simply the market share gain?
John Wiehoff: There is a lot of different factor. Certainly, there was. We talked about in the first quarter that there was an unprecedented level of bid activity. And given the kind of sudden freefall in the market, I know anecdotally that there were a lot of customers who were sort of playing in the market; more so than ever to take advantage of the January, February softness. So it clearly had a unique environment in the first quarter that could have had some impact on our share and volume activity. We like everybody else for a re-pricing, a lot of business during the first quarter, we also pride ourselves in kind of freeing up our people to get out and sell and go work on those relationships. So some combination of pricing and realignment and unique circumstances and hopefully a big part of us just staying active in the marketplace and winning back freight volumes and freight relationships through long-term relationships, hopefully that all is part of it.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Okay, good. And then on the acquisition. Can you give us an idea for how much revenue either growth and/or net that they would bring to the business.
Chad Lindbloom: We don’t disclose it, but they’re both less than 1% each.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: And is the headcount, the headcount from the first one that is in the numbers, the employee numbers?
John Wiehoff: Yes.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: But the second one would be next quarter.
John Wiehoff: Correct.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Got it, okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Alex Brand with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Alex Brand - Stephens Inc.: Hey, good afternoon guys. Chad, on the balance sheet, I think your DSOs look like they maybe higher than I could see in my model going back. Is there a timing element there or just you haven’t get paid a little slower?
Chad Lindbloom: The way I calculated it, which is based on the quarter’s gross revenues, compared to the outstandings, it was above 43.5 days. That’s last year’s June was 45 days.
Alex Brand - Stephens Inc.: All right, so the sequential change, that there’s nothing to read into that.
Chad Lindbloom: Sequentially, I have 42.6 to 43.5.
Alex Brand - Stephens Inc.: Okay.
Chad Lindbloom: There’s nothing to read into that in my opinion.
Alex Brand - Stephens Inc.: All right, what about the trend in volumes? John was just asking you about that sequentially it was less bad down 5%. What did it look like by month? Was it less bad by the time you got to June?
Chad Lindbloom: Yes, April was the worst and it got less bad. The plan were July, truckload volumes are above flat.
Alex Brand - Stephens Inc.: All right, do you here to be specific by month?
Chad Lindbloom: I don’t have the precise numbers here.
Alex Brand - Stephens Inc.: Okay, fair enough. And just on the LTO side, I don’t think you were specific in the press release on that. Is there a specific growth number for that volume?
Chad Lindbloom: Transactions were up little bit more than 20%, but tonnage per transaction was down something like 12 or 13%.
John Wiehoff: We are not sure shipment count is as good of reflection of volume gains as it is in the truckload side, because of the variances and shipment size and how LTL is handled, but the volume growth was pretty meaningful.
Alex Brand - Stephens Inc.: Okay.
Chad Lindbloom:  Transaction count.
Alex Brand - Stephens Inc.: All right, guys. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Ken Hoexter with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Great. Chad, you just talked about the volume trends through the quarter. What about pricing, do that accelerate as your volumes started to improve? On the downside, you said it was down 5% I think for the quarter.
Chad Lindbloom: The pricing for truckload excluding fuel surcharges, our estimate was it was flat April, May and June, same rate all quarter approximately.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Same rate being the down 5%.
Chad Lindbloom: Yes, except the rate was increasing during last year’s second quarter. So, each month was different growth rates, but the rates this year’s second quarter, which is probably most applicable thing were roughly flat throughout the quarter.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Okay. So, just to understand that clearly, it’s not a case of using same price decline to get more of the volumes, your actual dollar for load was relatively flat through the quarter?
Chad Lindbloom: Our rate per mile excluding fuel throughout this quarter was consistent during this year’s second quarter.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Okay. I guess if your volumes were down 5% for the quarter, the market, I don’t know somewhere down in the upper teens, low 20s. Do you feel like you accelerated on a market share gain through the quarter?
John Wiehoff: It's hard to get a feel for that. When the year is done, you can look back and there is kind of more firm industry data and stuff. It's hard to get a sense for that in the short-term and we really didn't do anything different. Throughout the quarter, we have just stuck to the plan of selling and building relationships and as far as how, how much share we are taking or how the whole industry is doing. We believe we are out selling and taking market share, but it's kind of hard to know exactly what the industry did in the second quarter or why we may have done better than we did in the first quarter.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks John. And on the acquisitions you made, the number you have threw out before the 1%, was that on revenues you were saying that they were less than 1%?
John Wiehoff: Yes. It’s a both less than 1%.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thanks for the time.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of [John Barnes] with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets: Hi, good afternoon, guys. Real quick just on the data center again, just want to make sure, is there any change in depreciation as that data center comes online or we're going to see any kind of acceleration in that?
Chad Lindbloom: Yes. I mentioned that in my prepared remarks. It's about $2 million per year once it's online or $2.1 million.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you. Sorry about that.
Chad Lindbloom: Okay.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets: Again I’m sorry if I missed this, any material cost associated with the transition, as you move everything over, you know hit the SG&A line?
John Wiehoff:  Just buying the capital equipment is by far the biggest cost.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets: Nice. Some more on the CapEx line, not so much one like SG&A in terms of just the total cost of moving? 
John Wiehoff: No.
Chad Lindbloom: No. The outfitting and the move is also capitalized as part of a project getting it online.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets: And then, one last question on capacity with lender leniency. There's been some comments about the lenders are keeping some of the carriers in business a little bit longer. Have you seen anything in terms of the quality of the carriers you're signing up? Has it gotten any worse? Are you having to stretch a little bit or do you feel like the quality is still there and you really don’t have any concerns about the quarter of your carrier base at this point?
John Wiehoff: I think we feel very good about that. We have pretty consistent quality standards that would ensure that the right caliber or capacity gets put on the freight. So we really don’t see any issues with that. I think one comment relevant to what you’ve mentioned there though, that I think we've said over the last couple of quarters, when you look back at the magnitude of the industry volume declines and the softness in the freight demand, while pricing has declined in all, say, 5%, I don’t know how far this is indicative of everybody else's, but in the first quarter it was low single-digit percentages and from what we've seen from others, I guess it's our opinion that that’s a fairly modest decline in pricing relative to 15 plus percent of the freight disappearing. So that would seem to suggest that capacity is hanging around and that maybe what you suggested is that there's been a lot more inertia to the capacity than the lender patience than you might otherwise think.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets: Yes. Or do you think if we're in for a longer, slower recovery? Do you think the price that you'll pay for capacity will run like it has historically in a recovery, or do you think it will track along with a slower recovery? That pricing will recover slower because you haven’t seen this mass exodus of capacity from the marketplace?
John Wiehoff: It really depends up on their tightness, the supply demand relationship. So, if demand stays soft and continues to trickle down, but capacity sort of gradually leaves the marketplace, I think you'll continue to see more gradual price movements. Again, all exclusive of fuel like has it been for the last couple of quarters. If there is a period of time where the capacity starts to correct more aggressively or freight demand kind of returns in any sort of accelerated way, I think you'll see some volatility come back real quick. So there's simple supply demand relationship with two moving parts, and depending up on how each side plays itself out, the market actually responds pretty predictably.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets: Yeah, what do you think has accelerated, if volumes were to [correct] say, be up 2%, 2.5% kind of a low single-digit kind of volume recovery; is that a better environment for you, does it allow you to adjust your pricing inline with those volumes or is that even that modest level of growth going to cause some dislocation for you in terms of pricing?
Chad Lindbloom: I think in that type of range, it would end up being very lane-specific. When industry data is a couple of percent here or there, what you will typically see is a wide variance in pricing and behavior lane-by-lane, region-by-region.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Larkin with Stifel Nicolaus.
John Larkin - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes. Thank you John and Chad for taking my questions this afternoon. Just thought we'd come at the health of the capacity question maybe a different way? I know that one of the attractions for carriers to use C.H. Robinson in defined loads is your Quick Pay program. You would expect if they were under more financial distress than they have been then perhaps you would see the percentage of your capacity using that increase. Have you seen any changes in that percentage?
Chad Lindbloom: Not a significant growth in it, but a slight growth, yes.
John Larkin - Stifel Nicolaus: Just a slight growth. You talked about the criteria that you apply to new carriers that you sign up. Is there a financial component to that criteria?
Chad Lindbloom: Just that they have operating authority, good safety star ratings, and insurance.
John Larkin - Stifel Nicolaus: There’s no -- in the margin, they don’t have to be profitable or anything of that sort in order to be signed up?
Chad Lindbloom: The way it would work is, you know, to begin a relationship you need those required elements, but then every single carrier sort of works their way into a proof of operating history as well too, or we would track any sort of operating metrics, performance, claims. We have a scoring system that we would track them on. As a carrier grows in our relationship, or grows in their size, we would have a wide variety of different types of business reviews where we would ultimately look at profitability. And there are longer-term strategic desires of whether the freight matches or not. So, a carrier would have to get a little bit larger and a little bit more integrated with us before we’d start looking at their profitability and sustainability.
John Larkin - Stifel Nicolaus: Is the average size of the carrier still rather small? Have you seen an increase in the size of the carriers that are being recruited into your system?
John Wiehoff: So the way it breaks down is that, you know, the larger carriers, the 400, 500 plus trucks have stayed around 10 to 12 percent of our freight activity. The core of our activity, the vast majority of our freight moves on those carriers with lets say, 50 trucks to 500 trucks. A lot of the ones that we sign up are 50 trucks or less, and then we try to grow with them. So the change in kind of the dynamics or the size of the carrier and the carrier qualification - if somebody’s got several hundred trucks, we probably already know of them and have them in the network, but it’s the continual working and finding of the new smaller ones and then the success of moving them into a kind of a medium size carrier where we would have a longer term relationship with them.
John Larkin - Stifel Nicolaus: And maybe just one follow-up question on the bidding activity. It sounds like there was a tremendous amount of bidding activity in the first quarter that may have tailed off a bit in the second. Do you feel as though just about the entire account base has been through that process or is there a potential for another wave of that in the second half of the year?
John Wiehoff: A lot of it has been through. I think your assessment was correct, that there was probably unprecedented levels in the first quarter of everybody rushing to the market and then leveling off a little bit in the second quarter. Most shippers preserve the privilege of rebidding when they deem it to be appropriate rather than on a preset schedule. So, if the market changed a lot, when they soften a lot, you might see more of them coming back to kind of take another at it. If that market starts to firm up a little bit, you probably would see a lot less.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Campbell with Thompson, Davis & Company.
David Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Company: [Certainly] most of my answers, but this one left and that is, the ITC acquisition in July, I assume it has one branch and that’s Laredo and where will the revenues be on the profit and loss statement in the third quarter?
Chad Lindbloom: The bulk of their revenues are customs brokerage, which we report under miscellaneous line within transportation. They also do a limited amount of transportation as well, which would show up in the modes of transportation.
David Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Company: Okay. And is it just one branch in Laredo?
Chad Lindbloom: One physical location, yes. They clear things through many different border crossing, so remotely.
John Wiehoff: And it’s a good example how our business is evolving because while, while the revenues from this acquisition which show up in the customs brokerage area, a big driving influence and the acquisition was to facilitate truckload transportation across the border and on a very smooth way, so that we can offer integrated door-to-door services even more efficiently from Mexico to the US or vice-versa. So, while the revenues will show up in customs brokerage its an example of how our services are integrating and that we think one of the primary benefits, maybe the primary benefit from owing that business will be the support of the North American truck services.
David Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Company: And its 1% or less of your revenues, both gross in that?
Chad Lindbloom: Yes.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair & Company. Please go ahead.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company: Hey, Chad, John and Angie. Just wanted to talk a little bit, I think there has been a lot of concern in terms of whether you can hold margin and how long you can hold it and I know a lot of it depends on dynamics. Just another one thing to consider is, I know you don't disclose this exactly, but if we were to assume that maybe roughly you are at 50% contract and 50% spot right now, that maybe if pricing increased a little bit that it might be a little bit tough to go back and get that price immediately on the contract business. But if the market were to move that that you might go and take advantage of the higher margin spot activity to help offset that a little bit. Just wondering how we should maybe think about that dynamic?
John Wiehoff: I think what you just described is an accurate reflection of how our model works. So, if there is committed pricing and a lot of our margin and expansion and contraction follows exactly what you said that, the customer side would move slower and that would have an impact on our margins. If whenever there has been any period of time when freight demand starts to spike up and there is a shortage of capacity that through the last minute expedited spot market type freight can be at very good margins, even when our overall portfolio might be contracting a little bit, so it's a mitigating factor, the volumes and the margins kind of work inversely, and then you have some spot market activity that again helps to kind of mitigate the fluctuations or the volatility in the net revenue growth.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company: Great. Thanks. And then just my second question is, I know that you are starting to make a little bit of inroads with the European truck network a little bit, just wondering what's going on in the economy over there, kind of where that progress is to date in the second quarter?
John Wiehoff: So the European truck results from a volume and growth standpoint the industry and our results are all sort of generally similar. There we are suffering some volume declines in some areas, but benefiting from some margin expansion and we believe we're taking share similarly to how we would be doing here. Again, we're much smaller. It's about 3% to 4% of our net revenue. We also have some unfavorable Euro conversions, so that when you report it in US dollars, the European piece is having a harder time growing its net revenue right now because of the currency piece. But our experience over the last six to nine months is that our strategy and our approach in our building out of our network on the European truck side, we feel pretty good about it.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). It looks like there are no further questions. Ms. Freeman, I'll turn it back over to you.
Angie Freeman: Okay, thank you to everybody for participating in our second quarter 2009 conference call. I’d like to remind you that this call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the C.H. Robinson website at www.chrobinson.com. It will also be available by dialing 800-406-7325 and entering the passcode 4099798 pound. Replay will be available at approximately 7 PM Eastern Time today. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to call me, Angie Freeman at 952-937-7847. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Angie Freeman – Vice President, Investor Relations & Public Affairs John P. Wiehoff - Chairman of the Board, President & Chief Executive Officer  Chad M. Lindbloom - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Thomas Wadewitz – J. P. Morgan Justin B. Yagerman – Wachovia Securities Matt Troy – Citigroup Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research Chris Ceraso – Credit Suisse John Barnes – BB&T Capital Markets Jon Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird & Co. Alexander Brand – Stephens, Inc. [Ken Hector] – Merrill Lynch David Campbell – Thompson Davis & Company Nate Brochmann – William Blair & Company  
Operator: Welcome to the C. H. Robinson first quarter 2009 conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Following today’s presentation instructions will be given for the question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Tuesday, April 21, 2009. I would now like to turn the conference over to Angie Freeman, C. H. Robinson Vice President of Investor Relations.
Angie Freeman:  On our call today will be John Wiehoff, CEO and Chad Lindbloom, Senior Vice President and CFO. John and Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our first quarter performance and we will follow that with a question and answer session. I would like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad or others representing C. H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management’s expectations. With that, we’ll turn it over to John.
John P. Wiehoff : Thanks to everyone for taking the time to listen to our first quarter conference call. About an hour ago we issued our press release sharing our first quarter results for 2009. I’d like to start by highlighting just a few of the key financial results on the release. For the first quarter ended March 31, 2009 our gross revenues declined 15% to $1.68 billion. Our net revenues were flat at $338 million. Our income from operations increased 1% to $137 million. Net income decreased 1% to $85 million and fully diluted EPS was flat at $0.50 per share. In addition to these overall financial results our press release gives more detailed growth percentages by the various service offerings. As I stated earlier our consolidated gross revenues were down 15%. The two key or primary parts of that, our transportation gross revenues were down 20% and our sourcing revenues were up by 8.5%. The transportation gross revenue declines were driven by both volume and price declines. Most of the price decline was driven by the decrease in the price of fuel. The volume decreases were pretty much across most of our customers driven by the recession. From an industry perspective volume declines in our food and beverage customers were more modest. Volume declines in our paper and printing customers were greater than the overall declines. While overall truck load price averages excluding fuel were down only modestly compared to first quarter last year. Price declines did increase throughout the first quarter as the market adjusted to weakened demand. Our sourcing division results for the quarter were one of the positive highlights. Our sourcing business was able to grow revenues in the first quarter. The revenue growth was driven by volume primarily with current customers. Our services and strategies were similar to the past periods, we just executed well and had a good quarter of growth driven by more stable volumes in the produce industry. From a net revenue standpoint we were flat for the quarter. As we’ve described many times in the past our gross margins will fluctuate over time. When freight demand is weak, volume growth slows or declines as it did during the first quarter. When carriers make decisions to reduce prices, which they did in the first quarter of this year, we will generally adjust to that pricing quickly as most of our carrier pricing is spot market or negotiated daily. Customer rates generally move a little slower which generates some short term margin expansion. As we’ve discussed many times in the past that timing difference in rate adjustments generally works against us and works against our gross margins when prices begin to rise and carriers adjust their prices up faster than most shippers. Our customers were very active with bids and repricing in the first quarter as they adjusted to the market conditions. This recession brought some pretty sudden and significant weaknesses in freight demand. We believe the market forces of supply and demand, the reactions by both customers and carriers to the market softening as well as our response and corresponding results are all generally pretty consistent with past economic cycles.  What does feel unique about the current environment is the suddenness and severity of the demand drop off. The more sudden and severe demand drop is also triggering faster, more aggressive reactions to price adjustments from both carriers and shippers. Our operating expenses for the first quarter of 2009 were flat with last year. While the totals were flat, the mix within the years vary for some line items. Our personnel expenses this year include lower amounts for variable expenses based on growth. Our restricted vesting and bonus accruals for growth are less than last year. The reductions in these personnel costs are offset by increased salary and compensation expenses from higher staffing levels during the quarter compared to last year. We started 2009 with 8% more employees than we began 2008. As of March 31st of this year, or the end of our first quarter our total employee count is roughly flat with March 31st of 2008. Due to the higher staffing levels within the quarter this year, our current salary expense is higher than last year. As the first quarter progressed this year and the severity of the recession became more apparent, some of our branches and corporate functions did adjust their staffing levels to better match the current level of demand. As a result, we have approximately 7,500 employees today versus closer to 8,000 at the beginning of the year. The current year compensation expenses includes $2.5 to $3 million of severance expense related to these personnel changes. Like most companies, when we were doing our business planning last fall we were planning for continuation of volume growth for 2009. We believe the personnel adjustments made during the quarter were appropriate to balance our current shipment volumes and workloads with our staffing levels while leaving us with good resource flexibility to continue to aggressively sell and pursue market share in all of our services.  In our yearend conference call about three months ago we discussed how we believe that diversification of our services was helping our long term growth. While all of our transportation modes and service offerings are feeling the effects of the recession, in the first quarter we do believe that we continue to take market share in most services and have had success cross selling some of our newer services such as lessened truck load, intermodal, international and fee based management services.  In this current economic environment, it is as important as ever that we look for new and better ways to add value and we think a broad menu of industry knowledge and services is helping us through today’s challenges. Those of you who have followed Robinson in the past, know that we have never given quantified earnings guidance other than our long term growth goal of 15%. The volatility of today’s environment makes short term forecasting as hard as ever.  Given that backdrop here is what we can share with you about the current environment, our business and thoughts going forward. Fuel prices today are at levels well below the second and third quarter averages of last year. While we’ve all learned recently that fuel prices can change quickly, if fuel prices due remain at today’s level for the remainder of 2009 we will see substantial declines in gross revenues attributable to fuel like we experienced in the first quarter of this year. We have continued to experience truckload volume declines in April compared to a year ago. It’s too early within the quarter to know what volumes will be like for this quarter but adding volume remains challenging. I discussed earlier that while market adjustments were significant, that our business is responding similar to previous market cycles where margins expand during volume drops and will likely contract when volume and price increase return. Overall, we feel good about our operating cost and our ability to continue to adjust our cost structure to support whatever the market conditions are. Our variable cost model with significant performance based components of compensation helps us to adjust our cost structure and will continue to motivate us to return to growth. Looking back, during the last five years or so of these calls, we’ve discussed several periods of unprecedented industry changes impacting our business. Examples include, price increases during 2004 to 2006 driven by growing demand in driver shortages, fuel price increases last year, currency fluctuations, changing import/export trends and now shipment volume declines during the current year. While the overall environment in our industry in many ways is getting harder to forecast, the pace of change and volatility in the supply chain and transportation services, makes us confident that our long term strategy of providing flexible supply chain and multimodal transportation solutions remains very relevant and that our long term growth goals are still reasonable. In summary, the stress and changes from this recession will likely continue for a while but, we believe our business model is sound and allowing us to manage our way through things and we feel good about our long term strategies. With that, I’ll turn it over to Chad for some more prepared comments. Chad M. Lindbloom I’m going to give a few comments on our balance sheet, operating expenses, capital expenditures and share repurchase activities. Our accounts receivables decreased again this quarter to $799 million due primarily to decreased volumes compared to a year ago as well as the decrease rates that John mentioned. We are continuing to closely monitor and manage our receivable portfolio and will continue to make adjustments to customer terms and limits as we see fit. Our total provision for doubtful accounts as you can see on the cash flow statement in the release was $3.9 million for the quarter compared to $2.7 million in the first quarter of last year. However, this is down sequentially from $4.3 million in the third and fourth quarter of last year. Most of our receivables as we mentioned before have 30 day terms and turn relatively quickly. Because of this, we tend to find out about problems early. Although it is difficult for us to predict what accounts will have issues in the future, we do feel comfortable with our current level of reserves. We again had a strong cash flow quarter and our balance sheet remains extremely strong. Our cash and investment balances of approximately $450 million. We continue to invest our cash with a focus on principal preservation rather than chasing yields. Our current interest bearing cash and investments are split primarily between municipal money markets and treasury money markets. Our investment income is down significantly compared to last year due to the changes in the overall market yields of high quality short term investments. Our net capital expenditures for the quarter were $11.6 million which included $6.6 million related to our new data center. We expect to have expenditures related to that data center of approximately $6 million during the rest of 2009 with the bulk of it being in the second quarter. Our current plan is for the data center to be live in August of 2009. At that time we will start incurring depreciation amortization expenses as well as other expenses for that facility. We expect the annualized expense to be $2.4 million which includes $2 million of depreciation and amortization. During the first quarter we repurchased 1,250,000 shares at an average price of $44.30.  As we have discussed in the past we look at our share repurchase as a variable way to return excess capital to our shareholders and have not tried to time the market. We will continue to access our cash position and share repurchase levels considering other possible uses of the cash and other market conditions.  That concludes our prepared comments and we will now open it up for questions and answers.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Thomas Wadewitz – J. P. Morgan.
Thomas Wadewitz – J. P. Morgan: I wanted to ask you first on your thoughts about the transportation gross margin which was a very impressive number, quite a bit above what we thought it might be, the 22.6 number. Do you think as you look at second quarter, is that a number which can actually go up? I mean, you commented on pricing that you’re paying the truck load carriers, your suppliers going down through the quarter so it seems like a very high number. But, is that likely to go up when you look at second quarter or do you think it is more likely to come down? Chad M. Lindbloom It’s really going to depend on what happens in the marketplace as a whole. Generally the first quarter when you look at history is the highest margin percentage of a quarter. So, they’re having some unusual times recently so it’s very difficult to predict and it’s really going to depend on the market supply and demand dynamics.
Thomas Wadewitz – J. P. Morgan: I guess you commented on the truck load pricing dynamic, is it a big deterioration in pricing where you would expect instead of being down 1% like you were in first quarter to be down significantly more in terms of what you pay to your truck load suppliers in the second quarter?
John P. Wiehoff : The customer pricing trend is downward and we would expect it to be a greater decline. The challenging thing to forecast is how that would relate to the cost of hire and exactly at what pace the two of them will work together. So, there’s a volume relationship, like I tried to describe how volume and price will kind of correlate. When you look at it fuel prices obviously are probably the greatest driver of that percentage and then you’ve got mix issues in there as well too for all the various categories of truck load services and less than truck load.  There’s a lot of variables that fall in to the mix and there’s a lot of market forces that impact it that are all moving around as fast as ever. So, that was really the essence of the message in the prepared comment is no matter how much you study it, it is just getting harder and harder to forecast it.
Thomas Wadewitz – J. P. Morgan: When you talk about the customer side historically I think you say broad brush 50% contract and 50% is spot. In first half of the year does most of that contract business roll over or is that spread throughout the year?
John P. Wiehoff : Most customers do their bids whenever they feel like doing them rather than on a set schedule. Some will have predetermined calendar schedules. There was a very, very high level of customer bid activity in the first quarter and I think that was talked about throughout the industry so our assessment of it is that when you see the market changing as aggressively as it has in the past three to six months it’s no secret that the market is soft and prices are likely to fall therefore you see a lot of shippers come in to the marketplace with bids right now.
Thomas Wadewitz – J. P. Morgan: One last question and I’ll pass it on, do you have any sense how much contract pricing, if you look at that 50% of your book that’s contract, how much magnitude is that coming down? Is the pricing coming down 5% or is it potentially significantly more than that? Chad M. Lindbloom More mid to high single digits rather than the 1% average for the first quarter. I think that expectations for savings vary. You hear stories of periodic double digit savings and often times it’s more modest but I would say kind of mid to high single digits decrease in prices would be a more common bench mark for where the quarter ended up versus the average.
Thomas Wadewitz – J. P. Morgan: That’s what you’re receiving from customers as opposed to what you’re paying to the carriers or that’s kind of representative of both? Chad M. Lindbloom I was talking about customer rates. The carrier rates can move faster and are much more dynamic and will generally adjust quicker. It’s really the carriers that initiate the changes.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Justin B. Yagerman – Wachovia Securities.
Justin B. Yagerman – Wachovia Securities: On the expense side you guys did a really good job controlling costs, I was curious to dig in on the SG&A down sequentially and flat year-over-year. When I look at that what were the puts and takes that went in to that number that helped you keep that in line on a year-over-year basis? Chad M. Lindbloom As I mentioned in the prepared comments, our bad debt was down about $500,000 compared to the fourth quarter when you look sequentially. We also had lower freight claim expense during the quarter and a lot of discretionary type spending like travel and training and travel and entertainment, there were significant reductions in that. I should say that the training was because we’re not adding as many people as we have in the past. So, when we look at the detail of SG&A schedule there are reductions in many different categories.
Justin B. Yagerman – Wachovia Securities: On the restricted stock side, that goes in to personnel expense, did you guys accrue for restricted stock grants in the quarter?
John P. Wiehoff : Yes we did but it was a much smaller number based upon the vesting formula that we’ve talked about before. Chad M. Lindbloom Our vesting formulas are basically the average of operating income, growth and earnings per share growth plus 5%. So, our vesting during the quarter was about 5% or 5.5%.
Justin B. Yagerman – Wachovia Securities: So that’s an expectation of flat earnings on a year-over-year basis for the year or is that just applicable for the quarter? Chad M. Lindbloom It’s applicable for the quarter. When we look at the growth rate year-to-date of any quarter and however many quarters we’re in to the year we take that many quarters worth of expense of what it would be at that vesting percentage because you’re right vesting only happens once a year at the end of the year.
Justin B. Yagerman – Wachovia Securities: So that could end up having to be trued up one way or the other as you go through the year? Chad M. Lindbloom We’ve always trued it up every single quarter since we’ve had the program, yes.
Justin B. Yagerman – Wachovia Securities: Is there any way to break out between truckload LTL in terms of the gross revenue decline in the quarter when we look at the transportation sector? Chad M. Lindbloom More of it was due to truck load, truck load gross revenues in total were down close to 20% which was basically the 10% or 11% rate increase we discussed as well as the 10% roughly decrease in volumes.
Justin B. Yagerman – Wachovia Securities: So 9% of that, nine percentage points of that would be fuel if it’s only down 1% net of fuel, is that the right way to think about that.
John P. Wiehoff : I think the total rate is closer to 10% being fuel and 1% being underlying rates. Just as a reminder all of our fuel calculations are estimates as a lot of our pricing on both sides are bundle rates so we’re making a lot of assumptions around typical fuel costs and surcharges and stuff and these are all our best estimates on the pricing and rate break outs.
Justin B. Yagerman – Wachovia Securities: When I think about D&A being down in light of adding branches how does that typically impact the D&A line? Are those leased or is there much going on in there that would be affecting us? Chad M. Lindbloom Almost every building that we have with the exception of the corporate building and the one in Chicago and our new data center is leased so the bulk of that is the true building costs are depreciation and amortization but the desks and phones and computers that go under them are and the furniture. But, when we open new ones it is relatively small number because when we open a new office we do generally two to three people so when we compare it to the total it really doesn’t get noticed.
Justin B. Yagerman – Wachovia Securities: When I think about provisions for doubtful accounts being down sequentially in this environment are you guys seeing something different from your customer base? In general I would have expected things to be flat to up in the kind of economy that we’re hearing about. What gets you more positive that your accruing differently for that? Chad M. Lindbloom Our aging actually improved for the quarter. The total amount outstanding went down and we had less customer specific bankruptcies during the quarter. 
John P. Wiehoff : So, we are accruing for it under the same formula it’s just that the experience was more positive.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Matt Troy – Citigroup.
Matt Troy – Citigroup: A couple of questions, first on the headcount reduction sequentially down by about 500, I just want to be sure that I understood your numbers. You said there’s about $2.5 to $3 million of severance related to that reduction in the first quarter so if I think about modeling next quarter and subsequent quarters that will not repeat?
John P. Wiehoff : That’s correct.
Matt Troy – Citigroup: The second question, if you could just help me in terms of how the quarter, and I know it’s early but April started to look, sequentially you talked about volume declines in the truck load and LPL business but you know all months are not created equal. Any sense of progression January to Feb, Feb to March, March to early April, you obviously had the Chinese New Year comp and Easter skewing those but any sequential sense you could give us?
John P. Wiehoff : I’ll share it and Chad can add on to it, in general when we’ve looked backwards and forwards it sort of feels like kind of late November early December there was a pretty sudden and pretty significant drop in the overall freight levels and its really kind of stayed there. There’s been a little bit of positive, a little bit of negative, a little bit of whatever but for the most part we feel that from mid November early December on there’s just been a double digit decline that we’ve been fighting to kind of take share and grow with that so we haven’t really seen a lot of trends within the last three or four months. Chad M. Lindbloom The volume growth was on a per business day basis during the first quarter when you look at North American truck load was within one percentage point of each month. It went 10, 9, 9.5.
John P. Wiehoff : We look at it a lot of different ways with business days, you know you’ve got Easter in a different month and you’ve got weekends and month ends and when you factor that all in it really doesn’t tell us anything. It’s just been declines straight across. 
Matt Troy – Citigroup: On that note, I think I asked this last quarter or maybe the quarter before that there logically would have been an opportunity to see some pickup due to just simple restocking post Chinese New Year as those comps normalize. We certainly haven’t heard from any carrier that saw that. Is there a logical sign post or thought process in the next couple of months where you would expect to see or you’re hearing from your customers some level of restocking whether it’s just broadly or just by industry vertical. Are you hearing anything out there that will sequentially help that rate of decline?
John P. Wiehoff : Not really. We have different levels of business reviews and interactions with various customers around how much we know about their business and total volumes but we really don’t have any insight or any signals that would suggest there’s going to be any moments that are more important or less important than the rest.
Matt Troy – Citigroup: Then no indication that people are anticipating some kind of restocking lift imminently?
John P. Wiehoff : No.
Matt Troy – Citigroup: You talked about how if fuel prices remained at comparable levels that they are today what kind of impact that would have on gross revenues. Can you just help us comparatively year-over-year how that might play out from a margin perspective given the lag sometimes in the fuel surcharge recovery. How if I just modeled flat fuel prices it plays out on a net margin through the balance of the year. Chad M. Lindbloom To tell you how it would play out on a net margin would be pretty difficult for us to predict because we don’t know how our customer prices are going to react and how the underlying carrier prices are going to react. But, as John did mention there would be double digit gross revenue declines on a per transaction comparable transaction just related to fuel. So, if you view fuel as a pure pass through or at least a dollar per dollar pass through obviously that will have a significant impact on margins in and of itself because both sides will go down. If the dollar stays the same of profit it’s obviously a big margin impact.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research.
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research: You said before that rates for you guys were down 1%, on the truckload side I think that was for first quarter but ended was it March or April down mid to single digits and was it truck loads you were talking about specifically? Chad M. Lindbloom March and yes, just truck load.
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research: Was the sense that the reason that it dropped so quickly was related to the bids and the number of bids that were in the process?
John P. Wiehoff : Yes and the component of transactional pricing where I think there was a growing awareness of excess capacity and more transactional pricing occurring at prices that were declining. 
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research: But is it fair to say that you’ve been in a lot of these bids?
John P. Wiehoff : Yes.
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research: An April, is the implication that that is going to lag for a while or that its similar to March?
John P. Wiehoff : I don’t think we know what the implications for April are yet. Even when there’s a lot of bid activity going on you really don’t know exactly what the results are going to be or if they loads are going to be tendered in accordance with the bid. A lot of shippers can do bids but then tender a lot of the freight transactionally so it gets challenging to predict it. But, like I said we’ve studied April a bunch of different ways and it doesn’t really tell us anything yet but we do know that throughout the first quarter pricing was generally coming down.
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research: I mean if I look at the transportation yield at 22.6, how did that look in March relative to the average? Chad M. Lindbloom It’s hardly noticeably higher when you look at truck load gross margin percentages. 
John P. Wiehoff : Pretty constant throughout the quarter.
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research: On the incentive comp side, can you give numbers of what the incentive comp was in 1Q ’09 versus 1Q ’08? Chad M. Lindbloom What makes it hard is that each of the individual offices has unique growth pools and different incentives based upon different growth rates. So there’s mix issues within it from an incentive comp standpoint so the restricted stock numbers are on the cash flow but the even greater component of variable compensation is the bonus programs that can vary a lot based upon the mix. 
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research: What was the total number of that program for the full year ’08 if you have it?
John P. Wiehoff : For which program?
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research: For the total bonus program.
John P. Wiehoff : There are so many different programs and so many different ways that they vary that we don’t disclose it because we’re afraid it would confuse people more than help people. When you look at a static pool of employees somewhere between 35% and 40% of the pay or related expenses would vary based on one measure of profitability or another.
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research: I understand but directionally first quarter over first quarter, how much are we down? I mean directionally is it of the magnitude of 10%, 50%?
John P. Wiehoff : It’s the offset of the changes in restricted stock and severance charges so I don’t know what it results to from an expense standpoint but you’ve got increases in severance and staffing like we talked about and then you’ve got reductions in the variable cost pieces. Again, depending upon what programs you’re looking at and how much of the total you were adding up the percentages would vary. 
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research: On the headcount side, is 500 the right number? 5% or 6% when volumes are down 10% or 11%, is it possible we could see more and maybe more severance payments?
John P. Wiehoff : Here’s the way I think about that Ed, we started like I said earlier we started the year 8% more staffing an say around a 10% volume decline which we had 10% less to do in April and 8% more people, that’s probably not the right business model. So, by the end of the quarter we were flat with a year ago and let’s say volume declines are still at a 10% lower level.  We don’t know what the rest of the year is going to bring but I know that last year we went from 7,500 to 8,000 people throughout the last three quarters of 2008 and right now we’re really not hiring very many people and we’re managing things more aggressively so if our headcount stays flat our productivity metrics will come much more in line as the rest of the year wears on. So, we hope that we’re pretty close to where we want to be from a staffing standpoint but who knows what the rest of the year is going to bring.
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research: But it’s not out of the question that if things feel, you answered someone else’s question kind of all the severance is in the first quarter, that’s based on what you’ve done so far. Further action if you needed it is not ruled out at this point?
John P. Wiehoff : That’s correct.
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research: John, in your overall first discussion you talked about it feels like a normal cycle other than it’s deeper and happening faster. How do you think about what that might mean as you go through the year and what does that mean that it’s all happening faster?
John P. Wiehoff : If you look at the last 30 years since deregulation when we’ve been riding through the cycles, prices have fluctuated, margins have fluctuated, volumes have fluctuated but like we’ve talked about in 2005, 2006 we never saw double digit rate increases until that period of time. We never saw the fuel do before until 2008 those types of increases. We had never seen the industry drop double digits in volumes in a one month time near the end of last year.  So, you’ve got this sudden significant drop in industry demand and our demand and when demand drops, prices drops so that’s not uncommon but it is just such a big number and a visible number that I think we and every shipper are trying to react different to that where you want to move quicker to take advantage of the changing market conditions which is probably the right thing to do but then you’ve got to think about is it sustainable, will it come back, what’s it really going to do.  So, the fact that people would be rebidding freight and trying to adjust to new market conditions is not at all a new phenomena but the magnitude of how much it’s dropped and therefore how quickly people are reacting and the strategies that they’re reacting with, this is all kind of new territory given this new level of volatility.
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research: It’s been a pretty amazing run and you guys always seem to somehow make it work. What are you seeing from capacity generally? Have you seen any major changes from a quarter ago in terms of people either leaving or reentering the marketplace?
John P. Wiehoff : Not really. Obviously, there’s been some failures but we continue to sign up new carriers at almost 1,000 a month. You don’t know how much of that is recycling of other capacity or true new capacity but it doesn’t feel quite like the churn of capacity is quite reflective yet of the drop in demand. 
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research: That 1,000 per month, what was that say in July or August of last year?
John P. Wiehoff : Pretty similar. Again, I think those new carrier numbers are probably not the greatest metric for us to rely on because oftentimes it’s one, two, three, five trucks. It’s more like the seeds of relationships that we hope to build longer term with them so we continue to identify new companies to do business with and to try and grow from but, a very, very small percentage of our total freight will get moved in any given year by the carriers that we initiate relationships with that year. Like, 1% or something so we look at it as a metric that is indicative of our network expanding and kind of staying active with growing it. But, I don’t know that it is a real helpful metric in the short term about what’s happening with the universe of capacity.
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research: One last question, can you give an update and some flavor on the legal case where the underlying carrier had a severe accident and there’s a $24 million claim? Where are you in that case and have you reserved for it? And, how do you think about the impact that could have going forward? Chad M. Lindbloom Sure, I’ll give a little bit of background on the case. In March, a jury in Illinois entered a verdict against us, a carrier and the carrier’s driver in the amount of $23.75 million. The jury concluded that the driver was acting as our agent at the time of the accident which occurred in April, 2004 even though the carrier and the driver admitted that the driver was working for the carrier and that the load was being moved by them acting as an independent contractor for us under our carrier contract. The verdict claims that we were responsible for the damages caused by the admitted negligence of the carrier and its driver. Given our prior experiences with these types of claims we believe the judge erred in allowing the claim to even proceed to trial and we have filed post trial motions requesting that the verdict be set aside and release us from liability. We are also seeking a new trial based on numerous errors that were made during the course of the proceedings. If our post trial motions are not successful we intend to appeal.  The judgment as I mentioned was for $23.75 million and the accident took place in 2004. We have a $5 million deductable in the year 2004. As far as the accrual goes, GAAP requires booking an accrual when a contingent liability is probably and measurable. In our opinion and in the opinion of our counsel there are many reasonably possible outcomes that will release us from liability. Based on the current circumstances we don’t feel that any one outcome can be deemed probably therefore, we have not booked an accrual for the jury verdict.
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research: The most that you could owe on this is the $5 million deductable and at this point you haven’t accrued because you think there are a lot of other outcomes that are possible? Chad M. Lindbloom A lot of other outcomes are reasonably possible and we don’t think any one particular one is probably at this time.
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research: What was the court that made the decision? Chad M. Lindbloom Cook County Illinois.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Chris Ceraso – Credit Suisse.
Chris Ceraso – Credit Suisse: The pricing you mentioned on the truck load side finished down a lot steeper than it averaged for the quarter. Can you give us some similar measures on the LTL side on an ex fuel basis maybe month-by-month? Chad M. Lindbloom No, I don’t think we have that data in front of us.
Chris Ceraso – Credit Suisse: Do you have maybe an aggregate for the quarter on the LTL side? Chad M. Lindbloom Truck load is very easy to convert on a per mile basis by mode where as LTL you get in to the classes and rates and it’s very difficult for us to know that the change in gross revenues is equal to it’s reduction in rate. So, it could be that we’re moving freight further or heavier freight when we look at it on a per transaction basis.
Chris Ceraso – Credit Suisse: So, you’re measuring price or rate by mile on the truck load side, was there any notable decline in the length of haul that may have made that price look perhaps a little bit better than it was? Chad M. Lindbloom It went down slightly, our average length of haul, just a few miles though I think. Right around 1% I believe was our decrease in length of haul.
Chris Ceraso – Credit Suisse: Any more color on why the sourcing business was so strong? It seems to be a real standout performance relative to just about everything else that’s going on in the economy.
John P. Wiehoff : I think kind of what we said, just more consistency and the level of activity around produce. Obviously, we’ve had success in building our relationship with our current customers so we’re constantly seeking new commodities, new categories. Things like weather freezes and different things can eliminate categories for certain periods of time so I think decent groups, decent relationships, steady volumes in produce, we just had a good growth quarter. Nothing really new or magically different about what we were doing.
Chris Ceraso – Credit Suisse: Was it an easier comp because of weather or something a year ago?
John P. Wiehoff : I think there were some but it’s difficult to compare specifically commodities because our participation at any customer level may be varying as well too so it’s always hard to isolate what the weather caused versus what the changing relationships caused.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Barnes – BB&T Capital Markets.
John Barnes – BB&T Capital Markets: Could you talk a little bit about, I know you’ve talked in the past about it, it’s kind of up to your branch managers and that type of thing but how much additional business could you layer back in before you would have to begin to layer in even more costs before the training costs would go back up and that type of thing?
John P. Wiehoff : I talked about before if you assume that prior to the brunt of the recession hitting last November/December that we were sort of properly staffed the level of productivity that we were operating at, we’re obviously still not back there today. We could grow probably another 5% to 10% in terms of volumes to get back. If we’re at constant headcount or staffing compared to a year ago but our volumes are down roughly 10%, we should be able to come back to that. Now, that’s over simplifying it a little bit because as we talked about earlier, you know meaningful parts of the total compensation are the variable bonuses and incentives so it doesn’t work quite as simply as what I just described but in general that would be the productivity metric around loads per person that would guide us to that.
John Barnes – BB&T Capital Markets: I wanted to go back to a comment you made earlier about I just want to clarify what you said that the carrier leads and the shipper probably follows, that the carrier reductions tend to happen quicker. I just want to make sure that is what you said?
John P. Wiehoff : That is what I said. When you look at market adjustments in pricing, it’s generally to be more specifically even, it’s generally the larger carriers that tend to have the larger impact with changing prices in the marketplace.
John Barnes – BB&T Capital Markets: Of the bids that are currently out can you give us an idea of kind of the ones you’re participating in, how much of that is existing business that you’re already involved in and how much of it may be new customers that you’re trying to get involved with?
John P. Wiehoff : Most of the bids would be with existing customers but typically what happens is if you have a customer who has generally 50,000 shipments or make up some number and we’re doing 5,000 or 10,000 of them, they’ll do a bid for 80% or 90% of their lanes. So, the lanes that we’re participating in we’d have to rebid in but we would also hopefully rebidding on a bunch of new lanes and then you win some, you lose some and you kind of see what happens from the result of that. It’s generally with existing customers but the level of what that play is probably much broader. If that makes sense.
John Barnes – BB&T Capital Markets: One last question, on the legal case that you just described do you have anything else of similar magnitude that this could have some influence on?
John P. Wiehoff : As the lawyers have explained to me a jury verdict does not set new law or new precedent. Judges writing opinions on like if they would have granted our pre-trial motion like they have in the past on similar cases it would have obviously set a precedent and there is precedent out there that this case shouldn’t have proceeded to trial on our opinion. As far as yes, there are other less than five other major accidents where we have brokered the load that we are aware of at this time. But, most of those we have not even been sued in.
John Barnes – BB&T Capital Markets: There’s less than five, is that what you said?
John P. Wiehoff : Of major accidents that we’re concerned of.
John Barnes – BB&T Capital Markets: But nothing out there that would lead you to believe that there’s been a change in the outlook on how these cases are going to be handled on a go forward basis?
John P. Wiehoff : Correct.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jon Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird & Co.
Jon Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird & Co.: These headcount reductions can you just talk about the timing of how those occurred? Where those throughout the quarter? And then the levels, were they focused at certain levels or certain geographies or kind of across the board domestically?
John P. Wiehoff : The personnel changes were throughout the quarter and again, we make those decisions on a pretty decentralized basis so we have all of our offices and some of the corporate functions and in each of the areas we have pretty well established productivity goals and score cards and metrics that guide us and really across each office and across each location there would be unique decision making as to the level of experience and the mix of people and how the changes were made.  What was maybe a little bit more input from corporate in this type of environment is seeing what we are hearing from our customers and the marketplace that we were encouraging and pushing to correct to our metrics a little bit quicker than maybe we would do if it were a smaller number of offices in the past who were transitioning to different levels. So, it was across the network in a wide variety of locations with highly decentralized approach as what types of changes were appropriate.
Jon Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Then how do the various bonus tools work? Maybe there’s not a single answer to this but if I’m in a branch and I have a bonus pool and we’ve reduced headcount by 5% or 6%, does the bonus pool then get redistributed among the remaining players or is the bonus pool lower? How do you think about that? Chad M. Lindbloom There’s at least two different buckets of bonus pools at each branch. One is the growth pool which is when branches grow faster than you expect them to which in most likelihood if branch is reducing headcount because they have less volumes they’re probably not going to hit that growth pool bonus and that’s one that is a pool that is divided up at the end of the year. So, that one the dollars would stay the same if there were less people participating but again, that would be an unlikely situation. Then the core bonus programs are each person has a percentage of the pre-tax, pre bonus profit of the branch. So, when those people would go away that bonus expense would go away as well.
John P. Wiehoff : Although to the extent that there are reductions that improved the profitability of the office, everybody’s bonus participation would be enhanced. So you’re not formulaically reallocated but in essence the idea of right sizing the personnel needs is for everybody’s financial health.
Jon Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Are there any other additional cost initiatives or things that you’re looking at differently today from a cost perspective that maybe you weren’t doing six or 12 months ago?
John P. Wiehoff : I think Chad talked through some of the SG&A categories around discretionary spending where we’re certainly managing a little bit differently today. For a growth company like us that is expecting to grow and expand it’s challenging at times to think about traveling less or doing a little bit less in some of the discretionary categories but when your volumes drop you have to adjust accordingly to the level of activity and discretionary spending. So, we did make some decisions around those discretionary items. But, other than that we’re trying to stick to the strategy and run the business like we always have. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Alexander Brand – Stephens, Inc.
Alexander Brand – Stephens, Inc.: Just a quick question for you on your LTL volumes, obviously most people aren’t growing their volume. Got any thoughts on maybe what you’re doing to attack the market or take advantage of some of the known weaker players that’s allowing you to get some growth right now.
John P. Wiehoff : I think the longer term thing about LTL that has been guiding us is like I said in my prepared comments that we are really focusing in on relationship management and cross selling. We believe we’re getting a lot of LTL opportunities from truck load type customers where we can manage the relationship pretty effectively because we already know them and are doing business with them.  I think the other thing that we’ve talked about internally that may be helping us is that when there is such a high degree of volatility and instability in the market it’s probably more challenging for a typical shipper to switch providers and be confident in what they’re doing than it is for us to manage things. So part of the benefit that you get in working through us is that you get to move with the market fairly fluidly because we have automated relationships and a lot of relationships so it’s possible that in this type of an environment what we’re bringing to the table as our value add is more appealing. But, I think probably the more important driver is just that we’ve been emphasizing in it and we’ve been training in it, we think we’ve been getting better at it, more efficient, more automated and selling it more aggressively. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Ken Hector] – Merrill Lynch.
[Ken Hector] – Merrill Lynch: Chad, you talked a lot about the customer’s reacting, how long does it take before the customer realizes that pricing in the market is different than what you’re charging? How quickly can they adjust? Chad M. Lindbloom It really happens continuously in a falling market it’s just like when John mentioned, we’re buying capacity on a daily basis so that adjusts real time where there is a month, two, three depending on the situation lag in repricing to the customers. Again, it’s hard to predict what’s going to happen because even as we continue to reprice the customers potentially downwards in different bids as they’re bidding based on a weakened market, if the market continues to get weaker the carrier pricing could fall more or you could have the inverse as John mentioned. If things start to firm up, our margins could get contracted a little bit when pricing in the spot market as well as volumes start to increase. 
[Ken Hector] – Merrill Lynch: Now, you said your volumes were down 10% on the truck load side, what do you think the market was?
John P. Wiehoff : We look at probably the same indexes that you do. I would say maybe a little bit worse than that mid teens.
[Ken Hector] – Merrill Lynch: John, do you think then your market share gains decelerated? I guess if you look at you were kind of 15 to 20 points above the market if I remember back in the third quarter, maybe a little bit less than that in the fourth quarter. Does it seem like your market share gains are decelerating a bit?
John P. Wiehoff : Possibly. Market share things for one quarter get really tough to gage. Again, I said earlier we’ve never lived through this type of industry drop before so how do you know but with the kind of complete absence of year end, quarter end surge, I don’t know it’s hard to say but it could be that the rate at which we’re taking share is varying. But again, it’s hard to tell over a short period of time. 
[Ken Hector] – Merrill Lynch: I was kind of surprised by the answer before of your view on the capacity that your still not seeing any larger shift of I guess carriers leaving the market. I know you’ve always said it’s an imperfect science but from your reach of the amount of carriers that you deal with what do you think it’s going to take in order for more of that capacity to leave in order to allow I guess a better supply demand dynamic in the market place especially when you talk about volumes being down as much as they are?
John P. Wiehoff : I think it’s a pretty natural self correcting phenomenon and it could be already happening and we’re just not seeing it as serious of an issue because of the scope of our network. Kind of like we talked about and I think has been pretty consistent across the industry, if you factor out fuel, you know price declines for this type of volume drop haven’t been that great up until recently. So, some of it comes down to the timing of how much lower do rates have to go and how long does that have to persist before a driving or a carrier would decide that that’s not worth it anymore. We talked a lot about the rate increases and the compensation increases that came with it back in 2004, 2005, 2006. A lot of this kind of comes down to what does it take to retain drivers and what does it take for an owner operator to stay in the business and accept that level of compensation. It’s all the kind of natural correcting market forces of how much lower does it go and how long does it have to stay there before people would decide that it’s not worth it.
[Ken Hector] – Merrill Lynch: Do you think you’ve seen that accelerating recently as you say the prices have gotten a little bit more aggressive or is it still too early in that process?
John P. Wiehoff : We don’t get good day-to-day visibility to it. I would think that would be a natural conclusion but again, I think what a lot of shippers and especially maybe all of us are really trying to sort through right now is are these temporary seasonal price declines or are they permanent? All the bids that are going on right now there’s a lot of discussion around who will really honor the contractual rates and what will load acceptance ratios look like if the market does tighten up in the fall. So, everybody has to make decisions through these processes about what types of savings are sustainable and how aggressive you should be in trying to capture them in the short term versus your long term relationships. It’s a much more dynamic process with a lot of different variables. 
[Ken Hector] – Merrill Lynch: Just the last quick one on intermodal was up actually year-on-year, is there anything going on within intermodal? Are you growing in a particular region?
John P. Wiehoff : I think it’s pretty widespread. We’ve talked a lot the last couple of years actually about believing that we’re getting better at executing and better at multimodal offering of truck and rail compatible freight. Even going back a couple of years ago our volumes were increasing but we were rearranging the margins and carrier relationships so we’ve had good momentum from an execution standpoint and a sales standpoint over the last couple of years. As I mentioned earlier all areas including intermodal have certainly seen a slowdown from the recession but we had pretty good momentum coming in to it that’s allowing us to continue to do some good things.
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Campbell – Thompson Davis & Company.
David Campbell – Thompson Davis & Company: John and Chad, from what you said it sounds like there was no increase in [inaudible] in March compared to January and February on a daily basis. But then you said the downturn was about 10% each month year-to-year so wouldn’t that imply some increase in March?
John P. Wiehoff : I don’t think we ever said volumes didn’t grow sequentially in March over February. If we did, we didn’t mean to. Growth was relatively consistent throughout the quarter.
David Campbell – Thompson Davis & Company: You had that increase in business sequentially in March, whatever it was. As the employee count was going down, am I to take it that you could continue to increase this amount of tonnage and keep the employees flat for a while?
John P. Wiehoff : Yes, that would be our hope. Like I said earlier if we’re roughly flat in staffing levels and we’re running at volumes that are 10% a year ago ideally we could correct back up to prior year levels before we would need to add meaningful costs. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Nate Brochmann – William Blair & Company.
Nate Brochmann – William Blair & Company: I just wanted to talk a little bit more and flesh out the market share gains a little bit. I’m sure it’s a combination of everything in terms of the cost savings that you can offer customers, your flexibility in cross selling and probably some disruption too in the marketplaces you guys have always said that you benefited from. But, in general could you maybe flesh that out a little bit in terms of where you think you’re gaining the most share and seeing the most opportunity out there?
John P. Wiehoff : I think you just gave a pretty good summary of it. Part of the message that I think we’re trying to deliver is that third party logistics and what Robinson is all about is trying to bring flexibility and choices and a different level of customer service to the marketplace and each environment gives us new lessons in all the rest of that. But, really when you step back from it I think a lot of what’s going on is things that we’ve been doing for the last couple of decades is to try to get to know our customers better, to try to help them through the difficult times, to try to solve problems with different mode alternatives with truck versus rail or where less than truck load and truck load meet and what the definitions of those are.  Lots of information and reporting, so we have lots of things that we can talk about on this call that are very core to our culture around how we sell and service and manage accounts and train people and try to be innovative and develop solutions and all the rest of that. I think over a longer period of time that’s what we would really attribute to market share gains. It’s just our basic fundamental approach to the market place. How it varies month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter and kind of what really applies during this type of a radical change in the market place gets harder to sort out in the short term. But, over the longer term that’s what we feel has been good for us.
Nate Brochmann – William Blair & Company: And probably rings true even more so today with where we’re at in the environment I would assume?
John P. Wiehoff : Hopefully so, when you’ve got industry volumes declining the way they were and so much transition going on and a lot of customers being forced to react in a lot of different ways. It’s hard to gage exactly what came from account management and what came from luck and what’s bad luck and all the rest of that but hopefully that’s true, that the things that we’ve been doing for a long time are serving us well now.
Nate Brochmann – William Blair & Company: One last quick question, I know we’re just about out of time, to ask the capacity leaving the market a little bit differently, are you seeing and I know that you’re doing a great job on the AR side too, but have you seen any disruption like in the T-Chek business in terms of some of the smaller carriers not being able to pay their fuel cards or kind of being a little bit more lagging on those as a possible indicator?
John P. Wiehoff : Yes, we have. I think T-Chek’s business has been impacted pretty significantly by declining volumes so there’s fewer transactions. You’ve got declining fuel prices where some of the transactions are base off of that and then they’ve had some credit challenges as well where the carriers are the customers and they’ve had a difficult time paying their bills or some of the bankruptcies I think we’ve talked specifically about in some of the previous sessions. So yes, it’s a challenging environment for T-Chek right now but we’re managing through it like we are the rest of them.
Operator:  I’ll turn the conference back over to you.
Angie Freeman:  We apologize that we could not get to all of the questions today, we ran out of time. Thank you for participating in our first quarter 2009 conference call. This call will be available for replay on the investor relations section of the C. H. Robinson website at www.CHRobinson.com. It will also be available by dialing 800-405-2236 and entering the passcode 11128676 pound. The replay will be available at approximately 7 PM Eastern Time today. If you have additional questions, please feel free to call me, Angie Freeman at 952-937-7847. Thank you.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen that will conclude today’s teleconference. We do thank you again and at this time you may disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Angie Freeman – Vice President, Investor Relations & Public Affairs John P. Wiehoff - Chairman of the Board, President & Chief Executive Officer  Chad M. Lindbloom - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Justin B. Yagerman – Wachovia Capital Markets Alexander Brand – Stephens Inc. Thomas Wadewitz – J.P. Morgan Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse Matt Troy – Citigroup John Larkin – Stifel Nicolaus Jon Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Edward Wolfe – Wolfe Research LLC 
Operator: Welcome to the C.H. Robinson fourth quarter 2008 conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Following the presentation instructions will be given for the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded, Tuesday, January 27th of 2009. I would now like to turn the conference over to Angie Freeman, C.H. Robinson Vice President of Investor Relations.
Angie Freeman: On our call today will be John Wiehoff, CEO and Chad Lindbloom, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. John and Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our fourth quarter and full year performance and we will follow that with a question-and-answer session.  I would like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management’s expectations. With that I’ll turn the call over to John.
John P. Wiehoff: Thanks to everybody who’s taking the time to listen in to our fourth quarter call. About an hour ago we issued our press release that shares the fourth quarter and annual results for 2008. I’m going to start by highlighting just a couple of the key financial results on that release. For the fourth quarter ended December 31st, 2008 our gross revenues were essentially flat at $1.9 billion. Our net revenues increased 6.6% to $344 million. Income from operations was up 7.2% to $142 million. Net income increased 4.3% to $89 million and fully diluted EPS increased 6.1% to $0.52 per share. Our year to date results for the 12 months ended 12/31/2008 gross revenue increased 17.3% to $8.6 billion. Our net revenues increased 10.5% to $1.4 billion. Income from operations was up 12.1% to $572 million. Net income increased 10.8% to $359 million and fully diluted EPS increased 11.8% to $2.08 per share. In addition to these high level financial results our press release gives more details and growth percentages by the various service offerings so I won’t cover those now. As Angie said consistent with the past myself and Chad are going to share a few prepared comments on certain things that we think are good to understand and then we’ll open up the lines for questions. In terms of prepared comments overall I would start by stating that we feel pretty good about our fourth quarter of 2008 and the year.  As we all know the economic environment was not real good this year and the fourth quarter was particularly weak. We were able to grow each quarter and had double digit earnings growth for the year. Overall we consider 2008 another successful year for C.H. Robinson, the employees and the shareholders. While we feel the year was pretty good one of the most important growth metrics that we track volume growth in our North American truckload services slowed throughout the year and declined by 4% during the fourth quarter of 2008 so while we feel pretty good about the quarter and the year looking back we know that 2009 is starting off with plenty of challenge for growth. I’ll come back to more thoughts on the outlook later but staying on 2008 for now there’s a few more thoughts that I’d like to share. The first one is the notion that diversifying our service offerings is working. Looking at the 2008 results we think that our overall strategy of diversifying our service offerings continues to be the right thing to do to better serve our customers and provide balanced long term growth opportunities. So what do I mean by that? A couple of examples include continued success in growing our less-than-truckload and intermodal businesses. We work hard to try to broaden the offerings that we have with our customer and carrier relationships and we know that many times truckload, less-than-truckload and intermodal offerings are all interrelated in terms of what a customer may be looking for or when one might be more appropriate than the other. So we continue to see some good growth by cross-selling and expanding these revenue sources and we think when you look at 2008 our strategy of diversifying our services continues to work. Another example would be building out the forwarding network. During 2008 we had good growth in both our ocean and air net revenues. We’re excited about the additions to our international network and that we’ve been able to grow many of those customer relationships both from acquisition and organic growth with new customers. I could go on with other examples about within sourcing how we’re expanding our value added services and really diversifying the things that we do for those sourcing customers, transportation management and fee based services is another example of where we’re working hard to expand and diversify what we do. So when we look across things one of our observations for 2008 is that as customers continue to look at transportation and supply chain on a broader basis we need to continue to evolve our services and we feel good about the success we’ve had thus far along those lines. You’ll continue to see us emphasize a broader service offering and continue to invest in more modes and services as we go forward. Second theme or point that I’d like to make is that we really believe our overall business model and financial position remain strong. As we all live through the recession and financial crisis our balance sheet remains debt free and we continue to focus on people, process, technology and relationships. The decline in fuel prices during 2008 the second part of it and volumes during the fourth quarter had the positive impact to us of shrinking some of the working capital requirements needed for growth at the end of the year. While we’d rather have stronger growth our balance sheet at year end is as strong as ever and our financial strength is an asset for us in uncertain times. We are talking about the longevity and financial durability of Robinson in all of our relationships today and we feel that it’s a very important asset for us that we can continue to use in the marketplace. So we have a longer term growth strategy of diversifying and integrating services that we think is working. We also have a business model and financial platform that is as strong as ever and we believe in. The other ingredient that’s critical to our success is the capable team of people that we have. Our personnel metrics around the people and the talent pool are as strong as ever and our business is pretty simple in some respects but the work ethic, talent, creativity and drive to be successful by our people is at the core of it. That’s a simple statement but one that we really try to stay focused on especially when times get challenging like they are now. So far I’ve talked about some of the reasons why we feel good about 2008 and why they’re the foundation for our long term success. Now I want to turn back a little bit kind of more to the current environment, the recession, weak economy how it’s affecting us and our outlook thoughts. The most obvious impact to Robinson from the weak economy is the significant drop in freight demand and shipment volumes. Our growth rate in truckload volumes declined each quarter in 2008 ending down 4% in the fourth quarter. We’ve discussed many times in the past that while pricing and margins have fluctuated and will likely continue to that the volume growth is the foundation of the long term plan. We pride ourselves in our ability to build relationships and grow those volumes by providing better service, better cost, better solutions. We know that the overall market demand in the fourth quarter was very weak. It’s too soon to know exactly how we compare to the rest of the market in the fourth quarter but we do believe that the overall drop in market demand was the primary reason for our decline in volumes. Additional things that we’ve talked about that may apply to us or may apply to us differently than it would to others is that we believe in the fourth quarter there was a very high route guide compliance which means that there was little or no transactional or unplanned freight opportunities in the marketplace that we do like to use to serve our customers. There was a lack of any sort of peak shipping season or quarter end surge and we also know that there were significant manufacturing plant shutdowns at year end eliminating a lot of the volumes. All of those are intertwined factors as to the fourth quarter freight demand and may have impacted us in differing ways. The drop in volumes in our largest source of revenues was our primary disappointment for 2008. While we’re able to offset some of the lost volume with margin expansion and growth in other modes we do need to grow our volumes longer term to reach our long term goals and to continue to grow at our target of 15%. The very weak demand in the truckload and decline in our volumes has carried into January of 2009. While it’s still obviously very early in the year, that’s the primary reason for our cautious outlook. I want to talk briefly about our people and our variable cost business model. We’ve discussed many times before in these calls that people are our main asset and managing things like the culture, staffing levels, financial incentives are one of the primary challenges at Robinson. I think it’s important to talk about how we’re managing our people and personnel costs through the recession. We noted in our press release that fourth quarter of 2008 personnel costs grew at 3% while the net revenue grew at 6%. Our total employees at the end of 2008 of 7,961 was down slightly from the end of the third quarter of 2008 and represents about an 8% increase of total employees from the beginning of 2008. We pride ourselves in adapting to the market conditions and having variable compensation plans that have us sharing proportionately in the company’s success. We think those plans worked well during 2008 and you see that in the results. While we will certainly be managing and executing the same way during 2009 a prolonged environment of weak demand is the most challenging for us to manage through. Our model thrives on the growth, the new talent and new relationships. The offsets to the growth of margin expansion and contraction of our variable compensation plans are helpful in the short term cycles but they get more challenging as comparisons lap. While we feel great about the strength and depth of the team and the continued effectiveness of the business model and compensation plans we believe the beginning of 2009 will be very challenging for growth of our net revenues and earnings. To sum up my comments before I turn it over to Chad we’re happy with our 2008 results. Our growth strategy of expanding services and building a global network is working. Our balance sheet and financial foundation is very sound. Our core asset remains the team of people which we think is in very good shape. The current market demand for freight is extremely weak. 2008 ended and 2009 is beginning with very low demand in the marketplace. That’s probably not a great surprise to many given the overall economic news and data over the past few moths. We think we’re as prepared as possible to manage through this recession and we feel very good about our longer term outlook and our positioning for growth when the freight demand returns and the economy strengthens. With that I’ll turn it over to Chad for some additional prepared comments.
Chad M. Lindbloom: I’m going to give some comments on our balance sheet, operating expenses, capital expenditures and share repurchase activity. Starting with the balance sheet, accounts receivable is our biggest asset. Most of these receivables have 30 day terms. We don’t extend any long term credit to any of our customers. The receivables turn quickly and because of this we tend to find out about problems relatively quickly. We are being as proactive as ever in managing those receivables and will continue to monitor the financial strength of our customer base and make adjustments to their terms and limits if the situation warrants it on a case by case basis. We did continue to see significant increase in our provision for doubtful accounts during the quarter. Our total provision was $4.3 million for the quarter and $14.3 million for the year. Both of these are more than double of what 2008 was. The primary driver of this is we did have a higher level of customer specific issues than we typically experience. It is very difficult for us to predict what other accounts will have issues in the future but we do feel comfortable with our current level of reserves. As John mentioned we did have an extremely strong cash flow quarter. Our cash and investment balance increased to approximately $500 million at the end of the year. We continue to invest our cash with the focus on principle preservation rather than maximizing yields. Our current interest bearing cash and investments are split primarily between municipal money markets and treasury money market funds. Our investment income is down significantly compared to last year primarily due to the changes in the overall market yields on high quality short term investments. Our non-cash working capital primarily made up of our accounts receivable and accounts decreased significantly from the end of the third quarter. This decrease in working capital accelerated during the quarter and was a result of falling fuel prices which led to lower rate store customers as well as a fall off in volumes especially during the end of the year in our biggest revenue source of North American truck. Moving on to our capital expenditures our net capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were $7.6 million which included approximately $3.9 million related to our new data center. We expect to have expenditures related to the data center of approximately $12 million in the first half of 2009. We expect the total capital expenditures including those of the data center to be approximately $37 million for 2009. During the fourth quarter we repurchased a little bit over 1 million shares at an average price of $50.21. As we have discussed in the past we take a very long term focus on our share repurchase activity and have used it as a variable way to return excess capital to our shareholders. We will continue to assess our cash position, share repurchase levels while we consider other possible uses of cash and other market conditions. That concludes our prepared comments and we will now turn it over for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Justin B. Yagerman – Wachovia Capital Markets.
Justin B. Yagerman – Wachovia Capital Markets: I guess digging in, you were talking about headcount for a bit and it’s down slightly sequentially and obviously still up year-over-year. Obviously margin expansion, variable comp are ways that you can have stock gap measures to offset some of the deterioration in the environment if it continues, but how do you manage headcount versus what you’re seeing in the economy and leave yourself room? How fast do you move on that if you continue to see an environment like you were seeing in December and now in January?
John P. Wiehoff: I guess it starts with two premises, one that with our 220 locations we do manage the headcount and the personnel relationships in a fairly decentralized manner because we at all times do have variances across modes and services and in each of the different regions where growth may be occurring. In any environment, we’re typically adding people in some areas and subtracting in others. We’ll continue to manage it and oversee it on a decentralized basis and make sure that the network is adjusting in all locations to whatever the demand would be. As with I think we’ve talked before, we think of it as from a supervisory standpoint to make sure that we’re adjusting and adhering to the metrics in all of the different markets and that the overall outcome becomes the combination of what happens in each of those locations. We also believe that we have a higher degree of variable compensation components in our model than most companies so we know that we have a fair amount of flexibility as to how compensation and incentives will adjust automatically based upon the level of activity. If in a normal year, in normal circumstances or really in all years we have a certain amount of voluntary attrition or performance based attrition and typically what we’ll do is just not replace turnover from those two sources. Historically that has always been adequate to allow us to contract where we need to and that’s the mode we’re in today is very reluctant and not really replacing any voluntary or performance based turnover attrition. We’ll just monitor it as we go and make sure that that stays adequate to adjust.
Justin B. Yagerman – Wachovia Capital Markets: That’s fair and sounds like a good strategy there. When I go back in my model and I look at time periods historically and there are very few when you guys have seen gross profits decline on a year-over-year basis in the truck division, I have to back to I think the first half of 2002. Can you refresh our memory as to what was going on at that point and what was driving that decline and if you have any corollary between that environment and this environment that you’d be able to extrapolate or how you might see those two environments as different and why maybe it wouldn’t be proper to compare the two?
John P. Wiehoff: I would say what’s probably most analogous about all the declining periods including 2001, 2002 is that when volume starts to soften for a period of time, we’ll see less growth in the volume and some expansion of margin. I don’t know exactly what period we might be comparing to or looking but I know in 2001, 2002 we had some very low modest net revenue trucking growth quarters where volumes were close to flat and margins were improving a little bit. That would essentially be what was happening during a lot of 2008 is that our volume growth was slowing and margins were expanding. What probably feels a little bit unique this time around I guess is that the time period is extending and after a year or more of declining volumes and expanding margins, the year ending with a pretty significant decline in freight demand in the marketplace accentuating some of those. Again the foundation of our caution is who knows what 2009 is going to look like, but if we continue to see softening in the demand and we’re getting deeper into a soft demand cycle, the opportunity for margin expansion goes away from a comparison standpoint and it gets tougher and tougher. Probably very similar until maybe the very end of 2008 where it starts to feel a little bit different.
Justin B. Yagerman – Wachovia Capital Markets: When I think about the LTL business which you guys have been growing, how big a piece of truck is that or was that in the fourth quarter or maybe in 2008, if you have that? How much room do you see for that to grow and has that been a more profitable piece of business for you in this environment maybe because of how much slack in capacity there is in LTL that you may be able to exploit in this environment?
John P. Wiehoff: Historically it’s been around 10%. Going back a couple years as it’s grown faster than the truck mode, Chad’s showing me it’s between 12% and 13% now of the truck category. It’s inched up a little bit over the last couple of years as it’s done well. I think maybe we’ve articulated before that we think there’s a handful of reasons that go together as to why we’re doing better in LTL. Clearly we’ve had a point of emphasis on it the last five to 10 years like I talked in my prepared comments that we’re putting much more effort and energy into it, into the systems capabilities, into the carrier relationships, into our routing models and all the rest of that to try to do more with it. I also believe that in the short term with all of the challenge and disarray in the marketplace there are wide variances in pricing and opportunities in the marketplace combined with a lot of uncertainty as to the different types of providers and what might make the most sense. I think our fundamental premise that we can bring our expertise and our systems in and help a shipper sort trough what might be a good long term solution with more flexibility on how to handle it is just selling well today. You put all that together and it’s worked well for us.
Justin B. Yagerman – Wachovia Capital Markets: Last before I turn it over to someone else, when I look at SG&A it’s definitely creeping up some and I guess with doubtful accounts going up that explains a bit of it, but is some of that an additional cost in terms of going out and trying to drum up the business that’s out there and how would you think about that in terms of if we are going into more of a prolonged down environment? Does that business spend get curtailed as well and do we have more leverage on that line than maybe we’ve been seeing in the back half of this year?
Chad M. Lindbloom: First the biggest variance in our non-personnel operating expenses is the credit and finance or the provision for doubtful accounts that we talked about all year long as the increase is being driven primarily based on customer specific issues within our customer portfolio. We’ve also over the year commented on growth in occupancy, a big part of that is we did have for most of the year we had about 20% more square feet than we did in 2007. Part of that started to anniversary itself because a big portion of that increase was our new North American headquarters which we had half of for half the quarter of 2007. So the growth in that particular line item has slowed down a little bit, but you’re right. Our people did remain very active in the marketplace which I think in the long term will pay us dividends and will continue to pay us dividends. My guess is some of those other operating expenses we would sure hope that the growth in things like credit and finance or the bad debt provision and occupancy would slow during 2009.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexander Brand – Stephens Inc.
Alexander Brand – Stephens Inc.: This is actually George Pickerel for Alex. Chad, real quick, I’m sorry I missed it, what was the Q4 doubtful account number?
Chad M. Lindbloom: It was for the quarter $4.3 million.
Alexander Brand – Stephens Inc.: You mentioned in the press release that your gross profit per business day declined in December. Is there any way you could give us how much it increased in October and November and then how much it declined in December?
Chad M. Lindbloom: The comment was specifically about North American truckload and on a per business day basis, we were down about 4% in net revenue in December.
Alexander Brand – Stephens Inc.: And how about October and November?
Chad M. Lindbloom: They were both slight increases, in the 4% to 5% range of growth.
John P. Wiehoff: One thing that we’ve talked before that when we look at our growth metrics one way is per month and per quarter, the other is per business day. There was a pretty significant fluctuation of business days in the quarter when you compare months so for instance December had two more business days this year than last year and when we break it down, you start to get into peak season, quarter end, how many business days were there, where did the holidays fall. It gets a little challenging to decide what’s the most reliable metric to know exactly what the trends are. So just be cautious that that’s one per business day metric that may or may not be the most revealing in terms of the growth trends.
Alexander Brand – Stephens Inc.: Moving over to your intermodal sector, volumes were impressive there. Is there any way to quantify how much of that volume growth was due to brokerage customers or existing customers switching over to intermodal from brokerage?
John P. Wiehoff: It’s difficult to be precise but we believe the majority of it is, that when we approach the business as I talked in the prepared comments, we’re working largely with customers that have both truck and intermodal freight and are working with them to try to optimize what the best routing might be and what’s the optimum solution for any one shipment or any one period of time. We do have some intermodal customers where we’re only working with them on an intermodal basis but the vast majority of it is what we would we all a multi-modal customer where a lot of the freight is fluid and can go either mode depending upon what’s most economical and what the circumstances will allow. We believe that a high percentage of that growth was driven by customers that we would call mode conversion opportunities where we’re working with both modes of transportation.
Alexander Brand – Stephens Inc.: I just have two quick questions and then I’ll turn it over. Any impact to your Budweiser business from the Inbev acquisition, positive or negative or indifferent?
John P. Wiehoff: Nope, no difference to date but we have had a lot of discussions with them. Their world is certainly changing and their approach to the marketplace is changing so we’ll definitely be staying as close to them as any account that we have. I think we’re optimistic. We’ve had a good long term relationship with them and from at least what I’ve seen personally in terms of how they’re evolving the business model and how they’re changing their approach to the marketplace, we feel pretty good about continuing that relationship and hopefully expanding it.
Alexander Brand – Stephens Inc.: Lastly, I’m sorry if I missed it, but could you tell me how much if any of a reversal you had for bonus accruals in the fourth quarter?
John P. Wiehoff: No reversal but each quarter we have a fairly significant accrual based upon the performance of each of the different locations and because the earnings growth rate was less the accrual would be less for the quarter. So no reversal but less expense associated with the revenue growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Wadewitz – J.P. Morgan.
Thomas Wadewitz – J.P. Morgan: I wanted to see if I could your numbers, if you’re willing to provide this, on the truckload volumes by month. Is that something you’re willing to disclose?
Chad M. Lindbloom: This is purely North American truckload on a, again this goes back to that caveat John mentioned earlier, on a per business day basis or a total month basis and we think neither way is completely accurate to look at it because some freight there’s monthly cycles and some just depends on how many business days there is. But if you look at on a per business day basis October was flat, November was down 2% and December was down approximately 11%.
Thomas Wadewitz – J.P. Morgan: So far in January any sense of whether it looks, if you want to give a number that’s great, but directionally does it look like a greater decline than you saw in December or similar?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Slightly smaller. This is through actually yesterday so 17 business days compared to 17 business days and volume down about 8% and net revenue down about 1%. Again we have no idea based on the volatility of the current market to know whether that is a good representation of even the whole month of January much less the quarter or the year in 2009.
Thomas Wadewitz – J.P. Morgan: When you look at the capacity side and what you’re paying for capacity, how did that trend through the quarter? It seems like in second quarter, third quarter you were paying more for capacity. Obviously demand fell a lot so I presume that you’re paying less, but any comments on what you paid for capacity in fourth quarter and maybe what that might look like in early ’09?
Chad M. Lindbloom: It definitely did drop off during the quarter as did the prices to our customers but the capacity price fell slightly quicker and it’s continued to look similar to December and January as far as pricing environment goes.
Thomas Wadewitz – J.P. Morgan: What do you think, the gross margin was really impressive in the quarter and that obviously give you some support for the earnings. Do you think you can run for a couple more quarters with a pretty high gross margin level given that obviously there’s excess capacity in the market or are you cautious on that in terms of maybe supply reduction starts to have an impact relatively quickly?
John P. Wiehoff: The biggest thing to remember throughout 2009 is the single biggest impact on gross margin percentages is the price of fuel. As that peaked later on, a lot of what you’re seeing for margin expansion during the fourth quarter of 2008 is simply the total invoice cost or the total billing coming down for the fuel component of it. Depending upon what part of the year we’re in next year and what fuel prices are doing, that will probably be the greatest driver of that margin percentage. From the standpoint of overall gross margins or net revenues on our activity, there is certainly some room in the beginning half of the year for a little bit of margin expansion to make up for some of the volume activity similar to what you saw in the fourth quarter. But again depending upon how 2009 shapes up, if it continues to get softer the whole year, at some point margin expansion runs out of steam. If like many people are speculating that by the second half of 2009 things start to get a little bit stronger, hopefully there’ll be better volume comparisons and we’ll get some volume growth and then at that point, your margins will start to level off or maybe even contract a little bit if the historical patterns would follow.
Thomas Wadewitz – J.P. Morgan: One more question or maybe two questions, just on the comp and benefits, you made some comments which seemed to indicate that the ability of the personnel expenses as a percent of revenue would decline pretty nicely in 2008, that maybe we shouldn’t expect that in 2009. I’m wondering is that a function of you’ve already had a pretty fair reduction in incentive payout and so the magnitude of further reduction is a lot more modest? What is that would be behind those comments assuming I’m reading that right?
John P. Wiehoff: That’s certainly part of it and we’ve talked several times in the past about additional restricted stock awards that happened near the end of 2008 that when we’re growing will provide incremental expense as well. Probably the main thing too is just that while we have a lot of variability in the compensation model that if in fact volumes are declining or 2009 provides a very soft market the whole year and there’s a lot of contraction it does take a little bit of time for our model to adjust in terms of the staffing levels and the headcount. It may not be quite as efficient scaling downward as it is scaling upward when we’re adding people and providing variable incentives. You put that all together and we can model it a thousand different ways and we just don’t know what 2009 is going to look like but it’s hard for us to imagine that we’re going to gain the same sort of leverage that maybe we have for the last couple of years.
Thomas Wadewitz – J.P. Morgan: So we should probably think about operating margin under a bit of pressure then if we look at it that way, at least near term?
John P. Wiehoff: Depending upon where volume levels are at, if it’s flat, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse.
Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse: Just to clarify, when you talk about, and you mentioned this a couple of times, the lower cost of capacity, is that mainly fuel?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Yes. Fuel is definitely more a cents per mile drop than the underlying line haul rate but underlying rates, depending on when you’re comparing to, compared to last year underlying rates for us were roughly flat.
Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse: The difference then is the fuel? The comment about the sustained slow freight environment, was that directed at Q4 or is that more toward the outlook for the first quarter and for 2009?
John P. Wiehoff: Really for both. The fact that 2008 was a softening market that throughout the year demand weakened and our volume growth slowed so that the longer end of 2009 that that persists will start to lap comparisons on variable compensation and margin expansion and all the rest of that, that will make it more challenging.
Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse: Is it fair to say that in the fourth quarter given the sharp drop in volumes that we hadn’t seen up to the point in 2008, does that create some extra opportunities for you and if we go sideways at a low level, that’s where you get into more trouble?
John P. Wiehoff: I think that’s correct, yes.
Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse: Is there anything fundamentally about your business or secular whys in the industry that has changed that would jeopardize the longer term growth prospects of the 15% that you’re targeting?
John P. Wiehoff: We really don’t think so. We’ve talked about that a lot and actually it’s not a great time to be bold, but in some ways I can talk myself in that maybe there’s even more confidence in the longer term horizon when you think about carrier fragmentation and instability in supply chains and our opportunity to be a good foundation and a good partner. There is even today a lot of opportunity in the marketplace and a lot of the things that we feel really good about but when the underlying pie that you’re trying to take share from is contracting at double digits, it just gets really hard to post good numbers. We feel as good as we’ve ever felt about the long term but in the short term it’s a pretty weak environment out there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Troy – Citigroup.
Matt Troy - Citigroup: I was wondering, I think that the consensus view is that an economic recovery isn’t in the offing until 2010 at the earliest. I understand it’s difficult to think about the trajectory of volumes through the year. What I did want to do is try and get a sense of the reading of the tea leaves and what you’re hearing from customers about freight demand in the first quarter? Specifically if I just look in the context of volumes being depressed across all modes, over the last eight weeks you’ve got plant shutdowns that you talked about in December and January, you’ve got the early arrival of the Chinese New Year coming up in a few weeks, all of which points to what I would argue is an artificially depressed level of shipment activity. Are you hearing anything from your customers about a sharp pickup or expectations or need for capacity beginning in mid-February in hopes that some of these folks just playing catch up albeit it could be just a near term phenomena? Are you having those discussions or hearing that yet?
John P. Wiehoff: No, we have not heard that. I think there has been discussion, again it would be very anecdotal that I’ve been a part of where perhaps some of that year end plant shutdown last December early January some discussion around maybe some temporary softness just due to the abrupt corrections in the business models from some of the manufacturers and we do know that when we look across our customer base that the manufacturing slice of it was down the most in terms of volume. I think it’s a plausible theory that some of this is a little bit softer now than it might be but I haven’t heard anybody talk about short term sharp corrections in demand.
Matt Troy - Citigroup: I don’t think sharp is a word anyone is using on the upside these days. That wasn’t my inclination. I’m just trying to level set expectations. When you hear about activity picking up in February. Secondarily looking at the organic numbers on the trucking side certainly reflective of the broader market but I think when the dust settles and we can see industry statistics in whole on the trucking side, I would imagine you guys are taking some share, difficult to provide metrics that show that, but I was wondering whether it is your anecdotal conversations with customers on the bigger side or contracts you may be signing. What’s your sense on the upslope of this thing that you are going to be a bigger provider, a bigger partner to your existing customers than today, that you are in fact taking share in this downturn? Any evidence there?
John P. Wiehoff: We know that for many, many years we’ve been taking share by most of the measurements that we have and we know that it’s a core competency of ours. Nothing really changed in the fourth quarter in terms of what we’re doing or how we’re executing so we’d like to believe that we continue to take share but when you’re a growth company with high growth aspirations and your volumes decline, it’s hard to feel good about bragging about taking share. Hopefully that continued to happen. I would say when we think about the longer term prospects of our success and our business model, we know that one of the things that we do for small carriers or shippers of all sizes is bring some stability and continuity and automation and innovation to the relationship that maybe they don’t get elsewhere in the marketplace. I guess it’s our hope and our belief that the core long term value providers that we think we’ve leveraged for the last couple of decades seem to be as pertinent as ever out there and should be and hopefully will be when demand returns as well too. Hopefully we’re not being naïve about it but despite the fact that it’s a really tough environment we have as much confidence as ever that what we’re all about is going to stay relevant and we’ll be in a great spot when that demand comes back.
Matt Troy - Citigroup: I’m sure that the share numbers will bear that out when we see your performance versus industry, but I guess we can wait and see. The last question is relative to acquisitions, counter intuitively I know that away from the trucking side and even on the trucking side internationally, acquisitions are something you guys have explored in the past to grow those businesses. In this environment are you seeing any more attractive opportunities? Obviously culture has been a barrier you want to scrub the personality and culture of who you’re buying, but certainly I would imagine given valuations being more attractive and you’re in a very nice cash position you’re in a better position to buy properties. Is the pipeline any better these days?
Chad M. Lindbloom: You’re right that the market expectations on prices have definitely fallen from the peaks, but at the same time there are a lot of companies that, the better companies, the smaller ones that we’re looking at are still thinking in those peak prices and a lot of transactions aren’t happening right now. A lot of what you see are people who are desperate and if you’re in our business model and you’re a well run company even in a tough time you shouldn’t have that desperation. There hasn’t been really an increase of high quality opportunities but we are definitely out in the marketplace looking both reacting to what we see that’s available for sale as well as continuing to be proactive.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Larkin – Stifel Nicolaus.
John Larkin – Stifel Nicolaus.: I have the impression that there are quite a few very sizable LTL bid packages out on the street currently and I listened with great interest as you mentioned that that’s one of your thrusts to diversify your services. Are you participating in those bids and any early indications as to how those might play out in your favor?
John P. Wiehoff: I do know that our LTL team is very active and working on a lot of new business. I’m not sure if it’s the same ones we’d be referencing or not, but LTL is a growth opportunity for us and we do think that we can be of value in any size or any type of a relationship. A lot of the very largest LTL shippers will most often want to have a direct relationship with some of the largest providers that they match up with and we can provide some process facilitation and automation to that relationship and help out with some of the rest of it. In the very largest opportunities we probably wouldn’t be well positioned to handle it all like we might be with a medium or small account, but regardless of the size I hope that we’re involved in all of them and if you want to forward us the names, I’ll make sure that we are.
John Larkin – Stifel Nicolaus.: On this whole theme of integration and diversification which I think is a great theme going forward for the company. Does that imply as you get deeper into it that you need to change the mix of personnel that you’re bringing into the company to find people that are a little more conversant in multi-modal terms and to perhaps do some fairly major work to your systems to enable these folks to really provide that multi-modal almost transportation optimization view for your customers?
John P. Wiehoff: Yes. The only thing I might describe a little bit differently, John, is I feel like that transition’s been underway for quite some time. Our Information Technology team has grown from less than 100 a decade ago to more than 300 today. We’ve got a bunch of logistic support teams and clearly, like in the global forwarding business, the type of people we’re adding around the world are of different calibers and different cultures so we definitely need to continue that and perhaps accelerate it in some areas around analytical support for some of the fee based management type services. Yes, is the overall question. It’s a transition that’s been occurring, that we need to carry forward with and probably accelerate in some areas.
John Larkin – Stifel Nicolaus: The data center capital investment that Chad detailed during his comments, how much of that is sort of geared towards improving the overall versatility of the systems along these general lines of providing more multimodal integrated services to your customers?
Chad M. Lindbloom : Really our current data center is nearing capacity is part of the issue so it’s definitely enabling more services just because we’ll have more room for more servers and it will be definitely a little bit more redundant than our current one and more stable than our current one and should never, ever, ever go down is the hope. But, it really is more of capacity play than it is being able to change the types of systems we can build. The software development and the functionality and the support tools that would drive at the transition that we’re discussing or talking about, we’ve got more than 100 developers that are working on those sorts of tools that certainly the infrastructure of the new data center will help us deploy those and run them more efficiently but the real intellectual capital of some of the support tools and decision tools that we’re working on are really the resource being put towards that is really more the team of people that are developing the software.
John Larkin – Stifel Nicolaus: Those people are employees as opposed to consultants?
Chad M. Lindbloom : Yes.
John Larkin – Stifel Nicolaus: So these systems very well could be proprietary and difficult for other people to replicate?
John P. Wiehoff : Yes, all of our core North American operating systems are proprietary. Our European truck system is the same system and it is proprietary and we’re working on an international forwarding system that will be worldwide and proprietary.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Jon Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Jon Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Chad, is there any way to kind of just roughly swag the working capital and say how much of it came from fuel in the quarter and how much of it came from lower business levels?
Chad M. Lindbloom : The receivables are down about 20%, or a little bit more than 20% from the end of the third quarter. Most of what’s left in the receivable balance is from December transactions because we average about 40 days collection. We already mentioned volumes and the biggest source of revenue was down a little over 10% in December so that’s part of it. Then, the rates of our truck load for the total quarter were also down about 10% or a little bit more as well driven primarily by fuel if you look at the quarter sequentially. If you’re looking at it from third quarter to fourth quarter how did we cut it 20%, it was roughly half volume and half price and a little bit of improved collections.
Jon Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: How should we think about the amortization or depreciation of that data center coming on line? How material will that be and when will that start to hit?
Chad M. Lindbloom : It will start to hit in the second half of the year. We plan on implementing it sometime in the third quarter, is when we planned to bring the data center up. I haven’t seen an asset life study on the total thing but if I had to guess it’s probably on a weighted average basis somewhere around a seven to eight year asset.
Jon Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: And there’s $8 million in ’08 and another $12 million, so basically $20 million you’re putting in to that.
Chad M. Lindbloom : A little bit less than $20 million.
Jon Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Then just on the intermodal side are there any particular carriers that you’re getting more or less lift on given the success you’ve had there?
John P. Wiehoff : I think that it’s generally sort of across the board. We do less with the BNSF directly because they like you to have your own equipment but the others the CSX, Norfolk Southern, Union Pacific and Pacer, we’ve had good growth will all four of them this year.
Jon Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: So none that particularly stands out among those?
John P. Wiehoff : No. There’s obviously some transition in the west with the Pacer UP thing and actually I may have misspoke that, I’m not sure if our Pacer activity is up for the year or not but it’s still a very significant provider for us. But, as the transition and offerings goes on we’ll continue to try to grow on both of those horizons. But, our growth is coming from improved relationships we believe, on the customer and carrier side all across the board. 
Jon Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: The last question just on the bid activity, you touched on this a couple of times but, when you talk about trying to focus more or get your fair share of the bid activity that is out there as kind of a core carrier on the contractual side. What exactly does that mean or what do you emphasize more these days in this environment than maybe what you were doing 12 or 24 months ago?
John P. Wiehoff : It’s probably a lot of the same things with different points of emphasis but when we’re looking for a more dedicated position in the route guide it’s typically a combination of price and service. What we like to emphasize is even though we’re an non-asset third party model that our service metrics of load acceptance and on time pickup and delivery we believe can be as good or better than anybody else’s so if we’re price competitive we just want to make sure that in any bid situation that we’re working on that people understand our capabilities of commitment and our automation and the feedback and reporting that they’ll get from us. Often times the roll that we play for a shipper may be lower in the route guide or a back up brokerage type provider and in this type of environment we will probably put a little more emphasis on the fact that we can certainly play the role of a dedicated provider and be anywhere in their route guide and make sure that hopefully they’re considering us as a viable vendor for any role.
Jon Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: How would you compare that strategy to maybe 2001, 2002? Was there a similar I don’t want to call it a shift but maybe a similar emphasis being put on that type of strategy?
John P. Wiehoff : I think so. I think it’s probably fairly intuitive that any time the market softens and that shippers tend to have as much freight as they planned or less, likely a higher percentage of that will go in accordance with the bids and the route guides that were set up at the beginning of the year so you need to be a little more aggressive about wanting to participate on that.  When demand is very high and volumes are much greater than anybody projected often times the way to be of most value to somebody is to be that person who is helping them out with all the unplanned freight of the freight that falls through the route guide that becomes more spot market or challenging. So, I think it’s a very fluid transition that would be natural for us but in a softer market we’re going to want to make sure that we’re participating in the freight the best way we can.
Jon Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Chad, with the -1% net revenue you talked about in January, is that just North American net truck revenue?
Chad M. Lindbloom : Yes, all of those monthly numbers both for the fourth quarter as well as January that we referenced, all of those were North American truck loads only.
Jon Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: The net revenue included?
Chad M. Lindbloom : Yes.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Edward Wolfe – Wolfe Research LLC.
Edward Wolfe – Wolfe Research LLC: Can you talk a little bit more about truckload pricing? You said it was flat for the quarter, where did it end in December and January net of fuel as you see it?
Chad M. Lindbloom : I don’t have January rates in front of me at all. December was, excluding fuel, maybe $0.01 lower than the average for the quarter so pretty comparable.
Edward Wolfe – Wolfe Research LLC: Is it your sense directionally that it’s holding up pretty flat in the market place or does it feel like it’s softening to you?
John P. Wiehoff : My sense Ed and maybe this is more speculation, like Chad said we don’t have the facts in front of us but the fuel decline was so significant during the fourth quarter that overall pricing was coming down quite a bit but there’s no doubt that if the market is as soft as it is that expectations and bids from the beginning of the year will have to start driving the rates down more aggressively.
Edward Wolfe – Wolfe Research LLC: Just switching gears, on the headcount, the headcount was up I think 8.5% year-over-year and I realize I think it’s 107 or so from the acquisition but even taking that acquisition headcount down we’re up 7% or so. What’s the goal with the headcount as we go out through next year and how quickly can you take it down if you want to adjust to volume say?
John P. Wiehoff : In normal times what we’ve discussed over a longer period of time with our business model is that it’s common for us to experience double digit turn over through voluntarily turn over and performance based attrition. Now maybe in a very soft market it won’t be that high but our normal approach would be to manage the business as we have and if thing stayed very soft and we didn’t hire during the year which is the mode we’ve been in for a couple of months now that you could correct to that magnitude on kind of the normal course of running the business without any more significant adjustments. So, I think our challenge is just to keep executing, stay on top of it and react to the market demand and make sure that that approach is going to be adequate to keep us adjusting. 
Edward Wolfe – Wolfe Research LLC: So am I hearing you right John, you’re talking about attrition not cuts at this point, just letting people attrish and not hiring is the way to think about things?
John P. Wiehoff : That would be the current approach. Whether that remains adequate or not will probably depend on how the market goes. 
Chad M. Lindbloom : Attrition would be both voluntary terms plus performance based terms.
Edward Wolfe – Wolfe Research LLC: What would you expect assuming there is no change in the economy the first half of the year, how much attrition could you see or would you expect to see?
John P. Wiehoff : Like I’ve said we’ve been at for many years a double digit rate so maybe a mid single digit turn over rate by the middle of the year. That’s again a very broad generalization. We’ve got several different service offerings now where with global forwarding and other parts of the world where the relationship could be a lot different, those are very high level statements. It could [inaudible] very differently by business line.
Edward Wolfe – Wolfe Research LLC: You guys have a special kind of situation with all the cash that you guys have given how tough it is to find cash in this market place. You made the comment that finding acquisition at the right valuations are tough. Two questions for you, one is there an opportunity to use that cash in other ways? Do you plan to continue to buy back your stock for instance? If you bought it at $50 are you buying it at $43 or wherever the stock is? Then secondly, if there’s a very large opportunity out there for maybe a very quality larger company that’s depressed in this market, would you use a combination of stock and equity?
John P. Wiehoff : We’ve always been predisposed to any size transaction if we thought it was the right cultural fit and the right long term opportunity. As we’ve said, a lot of times we run fairly lean and we’re not in to fix it up projects so if we felt like it was a good company that just had an attractive price, we would not be afraid to use our balance sheet and to use our cash for that sort of growth opportunity. We’re obviously doing share repurchases and plan to continue so. We have ongoing discussions with our board about what’s the right level of that. But, we don’t want to accumulate a lot of excess capital but we expect to be very profitable in 2009 and continue to use our balance sheet to quick pay carriers and help grow the business, be ready to supply that working capital right away when the market turns and take advantage of it hopefully better than anybody else and look at acquisitions and share repurchases in the interim as ways to keep the capital level.
Chad M. Lindbloom : We’ve mentioned this in previous years as well, our cash balance tends to get the highest at the end of the year and then early in the year we have some significant payments like the $40 million dividend that’s already been paid. Most of the accrued comp on our balance sheet will be paid out during January which is another $80 to $90 million that will also be paid out. So, it does look really high but it will fall during January.
Edward Wolfe – Wolfe Research LLC: If I look at the restrictive stock grant you had talked about in the past 100 to 200 basis point kind of expense headwind. Given where the stock is and how things are first of all, do you know how large the grant is going to be at this point? And then, is there any updated kind of guidance on what you think the expense drag might be from that?
John P. Wiehoff : The grant was done in November and if I remember right the total amount was around $100 million or slightly more. As far as the expense of it, it depends on the growth. So, it’s the average of operating income growth and earnings per share growth, take the average of that and add 5%.
Edward Wolfe – Wolfe Research LLC: So if we assume that operating income is going to be flat and earnings per share flat for the year.
John P. Wiehoff : Then there would be an incremental expense, there’d be about $5 million of expense from the current grant and then probably about $5 million of expense from the previous grants compared to $17 million I think it was for the total year of 2008. So, in a flattish scenario even with the incremental grants, the expense could decline.
Edward Wolfe – Wolfe Research LLC: In fourth quarter, what was the amount of incentive comp in the expense line versus a year ago?
Chad M. Lindbloom : There’s many different incentive formulas. Are you talking about equity?
Edward Wolfe – Wolfe Research LLC:  No, I’m talking about expense in the personnel expenses line.
Chad M. Lindbloom : I don’t have it totaled up here in front of me. I can’t give it to you right now Ed.
John P. Wiehoff : We have a lot of intertwined salary, bonus, commission, growth pool type programs that sometimes there’s draws against them and that’s not a way that we look at it in terms of isolating the total variable part. We do for the equity piece of it and we could make some assumptions and back in to something but we probably shouldn’t do that on the fly here. We don’t really grab the number that way.
Edward Wolfe – Wolfe Research LLC: For the equity piece what does it look like then?
John P. Wiehoff : You can see that right on the cash flow statement. So, stock-based compensation in total for 2008, I mentioned $17 million in restricted stock. That’s mainly the performance based, there’s some other restrictive stock grants as well as there is a little bit of reload expense so people who got reloads on their old options. So it was $21 million almost in 2008 compared to $38 million in 2007.
Edward Wolfe – Wolfe Research LLC: Then finally, intermodal net revenue up 28% or gross profit up 28%, is that sustainable and what’s going on that’s driving that if you would?
John P. Wiehoff : Probably not sustainable in today’s market conditions at that level of growth. As Chad mentioned, that’s a combination of volume growth and margin expansion. As the year wears on if the market stays soft like this I don’t know if the intermodal price advantage to truck wills stay as wide as it is to give us those mode conversion opportunities. However, as we talked about earlier, we’ve put a lot of effort in the last few years to improving our operational execution, our carrier relationships and we do feel like we have very good momentum in terms of offering that service and selling it in the market place. So, we do feel good about outperforming the market, whatever the market is but I think there was a combination of our momentum and good market conditions versus truck that allowed us to grow at that rate. 
Edward Wolfe – Wolfe Research LLC: Is it a coincidence that when intermodal volumes were being reported by the railroads and other IMCs is very high you guys seem to be under growing the market and now when things have turned you seem to be taking share? Or, is it just things that you implemented that are now bearing fruit? How do I think about that?
John P. Wiehoff : I do think that our participation in the intermodal market space is a little bit unique in terms of pursuing customers that have multimodal freight or are doing both types of transportation. So, it may be that our volumes are going to fluctuate or correlate a little bit differently based on the type of customer that we have. But, there’s also no question that if you look back over the last five or six years that we’ve gotten our performance a little bit better in terms of we made some changes around centralizing the team a few years ago and improving the operating system and really revamping carrier relationships and executing at a different way.  I think some of this, it’s a combination of it that maybe our participation and freight exposure is a little bit unique but also there’s a little bit longer trend of us believing that we’re selling and executing better the last couple of years.
Operator:  At this time I’d like to turn the call back over to Angie Freeman.
Angie Freeman:  Unfortunately we’re out of time so that will have to be our last question. We’re sorry we could not get to all the questions this afternoon. Thank you for participating in our fourth quarter 2008 conference call. This call will be available for replay in the investor relations section of the C. H. Robinson website at www.CHRobinson.com. It will also be available by dialing 800-405-2236 and then entering the pass code 11124369#. The replay will be available at approximately 7pm Eastern Time today. If you have additional questions please call me, Angie Freeman at 952-937-7847. Thank you.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Angie Freeman – Director of Investor Relations John P. Wiehoff – Chief Executive Officer Chad M. Lindbloom – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer  
Analysts:  Alexander Brand – Stephens Inc. John Lincolnfield – Robert W. Baird Thomas Wadewitz – J.P. Morgan Justin Yagerman – Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research, LLC Nathan Brochmann – William Blair & Company, LLC John Mim – BB&T Capital Markets Ken Hoexter – Merrill Lynch David Campbell – Thompson, Davis & Co. Michael Hamilton – RBC Capital Markets Joel Ritchie – Goldman Sachs Chris Rosso – Credit Suisse Donald Broughton – Avondale Partners 
Operator:  Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the C.H. Robinson third quarter 2008 conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Angie Freeman, C.H. Robinson’s Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead Miss Freeman.
Angie Freeman:  Thank you. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, CEO and Chad Lindbloom, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. John and Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our third quarter performance and we will follow that with a question-and-answer session.  I would like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management’s expectations. With that I’ll turn the call over to John.
John P. Wiehoff:  Thank you Angie and thank you to everyone who’s taking the time to listen to our third quarter conference call. As usual we sent our press release out about an hour ago, releasing the results for the third quarter of 2008. I’m going to start by highlighting just a couple of the key financial metrics on that release. For the third quarter ended September 30, 2008 our gross revenues increased 24% to $2.3 billion. Net revenues increased 12% to $351 million. Our income from operations increased 12.7% to $148 million. Net income increased 11.7% to $93 million and fully diluted EPS was up 12.5% to $0.54 per share. The year-to-date results for the same metrics of the nine months ended September 30, 2008 gross revenues increased 23.5% to $6.6 billion, net revenues increased 11.9% to just over $1 billion, our income from operations increased 13.9% to $429 million. Net income increased 13% to $270 million and fully diluted EPS increased by 13.9% to $1.56 per share for year-to-date 2008. Our growth rates for the third quarter of 2008 in all the key financial metrics that I just referenced are all very similar to our year-to-date 2008 growth rates. In addition when we analyze our results for the quarter, the critical factors impacting our results are also similar to the rest of the year. So as a result our prepared comments for the quarter will be fairly brief and somewhat similar to what we’ve spoken about the past couple of quarters. The first topic that’s noticeable in our results is that our gross revenue continues to grow much faster than our net revenues and earnings. The gross revenue increase continues to be driven by volume increases in virtually all the revenue categories and price increases driven by the increase in the price of fuel. The press release gives volume and price metrics by revenue category. When we look at it we think there are two important conclusions that come from analyzing our gross and net revenue growth rates and results. The first conclusion is that fuel price increases are effectively passed through to our carriers and suppliers. As we’ve said many times before, we generally do not establish fixed routing relationships with contractual pass through formulas the carriers that we work with. We execute virtually all of our service commitments by separating the customer and carrier supplier commitments that we make. So while we can’t prove with absolute certainty that all the changes in fuel prices function as a pass through, all of our analysis suggests that they effectively do. And we manage our business and pricing relationships under the assumption that fuel price changes function as a pass through to our carriers and suppliers. The second important conclusion that we draw in looking at the gross and net revenues is that we continue to grow our volume by increasing our market share in virtually all our service offerings. We think our business model and approach continues to offer an alternative in the marketplace and that we are growing our presence in a relatively flat environment. The second overall topic that we’ve been discussing this year that is again relevant this quarter is the variable nature of our operating expenses. We work hard to insure that our staffing decisions and compensation models are variable and adjust with our growth rates and market conditions.  Our variable incentive plans are structured to make sure that we continue to have growth opportunities and that we reward for performance in all areas of the business, but that we adjust to the market conditions. I don’t plan to discuss the details of our cash and equity incentive plans as we have in the past quarters, but those again are important contributors to understanding the results for the quarter and for the year-to-date. Those are the two high level trends and topics that we wanted to repeat. I also wanted to share a few specific comments on the results for the quarter that I think are worth noting. Within the truck net revenue category, which includes truckload and less than truckload, we continue to see very high growth rates in our less than truckload services. We believe that’s being driven by both a continued increase in our internal efforts to sell and execute less than truckload services as well as favorable market conditions with a high degree of transition and changes in that industry. In our global forwarding business, you see good growth results from both organic sales efforts as well as increased revenue from the acquisition of Transera. Transera is a project based global forwarding company, headquartered in Calgary, Canada that we had previously announced. We have a couple of months of operating results from Transera in the current quarter. We’re excited about having the Transera group part of the Robinson team and all signs are at this point that we’re off to a very good start in working together with them. With regards to our intermodal results, we continue to think that we’re making good progress in growing our intermodal capabilities for our customers. While we’ve been growing our inter-modal volumes and improving service capabilities for several quarters, net revenue growth has been more challenging due to margin pressures. This quarter we were able to grow our inter-modal net revenues over 20% and we think we’re in good shape to continue to offer very competitive intermodal services to our customers and the continue the grow the intermodal net revenues. Those are some of the revenue and operational highlights that I wanted to emphasize in my comments. In a moment I’m going to turn it over to Chad, who has a few other key financial metrics on SG&A and the balance sheet. But before I turn it over to Chad, I again just briefly want to summarize how we look at this quarter’s results in the context of our longer term goals. For those of you who have been following Robinson for awhile know that we always talk about our long term sustainable growth target of 15%.  While we’ve been able to achieve that target on average since transportation deregulation, we’ve always talked about that we have had and will likely continue to have periods of time where we are below that target and periods of time where we exceed it. Through the nine months of this year we are a little bit below our long term target, but it’s also clear that these are pretty challenging times for economic growth.  Our overall belief is that our business model continues to work, that we’re executing well and that all things considered these results are well within the range of what we would expect in this type of an environment. While we don’t see anything in the marketplace that makes us think the environment’s going to improve any time soon, we’re going to continue to sell and grow our network and hopefully continue to take market share in the services that we offer.  During times of less freight demand and slower growth we monitor our variable cost disciplines more aggressively to make sure that we adjust with the market. So in summary we’re adapting to the short term challenges and conditions and our long term approach and goals remain the same, and we continue to feel pretty confident that we can achieve them. With that I’ll turn it over to Chad for his prepared comments.
Chad M. Lindbloom:  Thanks John. As John mentioned I’m going to give some comments on SG&A, working capital, capital expenditures and share repurchase activities. We continue to see increases in many expense categories that we mentioned during the first two quarters of 2008. Our occupancy expense again grew faster than our gross profits. As we mentioned before, the primary driver of that is increased square footage. We have approximately 20% more square feet of office space than we did a year ago. About half of that is related to our new corporate headquarters which we moved into on October 15, 2007. Our provision for doubtful again grew faster than our revenues. The provision has affected by the level of activity and receivable balance as well as specific customer accounts. We did have a higher level of customer specific issues than we typically experience. As you can see on our cash flow statement contained in our earnings release, our total provision for doubtful accounts increased from $5.1 million for the first nine months of 2007 to  $10 million for the first nine months of 2008. Our receivables are trade receivables from many different customers in many different industries. We receive payments and monitor the balances on a daily basis. Based on the information we have about our customers today, we are comfortable that our reserve balance is adequate. We are being as pro-active as ever in managing our receivable portfolio and will continue to monitor the financial strength of our customer base. We did have a relatively strong cash flow quarter. We reduced our days of sales outstanding on accounts receivable compared to both last year’s third quarter and this year’s second quarter. Our days of payables also decreased slightly, driven partly by increased fuel advances to carriers hauling our loads. Our net capital expenditures were approximately $5 million for the quarter which included approximately $1 million related to our new data center. We expect to have capital expenditures related to the data center of approximately $4 million in the fourth quarter of 2008 and another $12 million in 2009. This spending is in addition to other CapEx which has been around $4 to $6 million per quarter excluding buildings. During the third quarter we repurchased 1.070 million shares at an average price of $51.10. As we have discussed in the past, we look at share repurchases as a variable way to return excess capital to our shareholders and have not tried to time the market. We have also said that if our stock traded outside of historic valuation metrics, we may adjust our share repurchase levels up or down. We will continue to assess our cash position. Other possible uses of the cash in the market price of our stock and will continue to vary our share repurchases based on decisions we make. That concludes our prepared remarks. With that we’ll turn it over to questions.
Operator:  Thank you Mr. Lindbloom. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Alexander Brand – Stephens Inc.
Alexander Brand – Stephens Inc.: John, can I start with an issue that was brought up on the last call where you talked about that you did have some business that was unprofitable that would just take you some time to sort of work through that? Can you update us on where that effort stands?
John P. Wiehoff:  Yes. The reference that I made to business that we lose money on or unprofitable business was really – it’s very, it’s less than 1% of our business, Alex, and there is no permanent business that we’re losing money on. I was really trying to make an example of the fact that when you look at our margins and you look at the trends in the business, that those are averages off of 28 to 30,000 customers and 45,000 plus carriers.  And that across those relationships there can be a wide variety of experiences or results, margins, all the way down to on every single day there will be a very small number of loads that we lose money on, simply to accommodate a customer or do what we need to. So I didn’t in any way intend to imply that it was a meaningful part of our business or that it was abnormal in any way. It’s always been the case. But when you look at our business and how spread out it is and the variety of relationships and commitments that we have, it’s helpful to understand that it’s a blended average of a whole bunch of things.
Alexander Brand – Stephens Inc.: But last quarter there was such pressure on your truck yields and that appears to have eased up at least a little bit in the quarter. Can you talk about sort of the factors that relieved that pressure? In  other words, there’s maybe a bit looser capacity now but that’s because there’s fewer loads to move in the market, and whether that’s helpful or hurtful in the scheme of things?
John P. Wiehoff:  Alex, what are you looking at to conclude that there was less pressure on the truck yields?
Alexander Brand – Stephens Inc.: Well just that sequentially they weren’t down more.
John P. Wiehoff: Well we’ve commented before, Alex, that virtually when you look at it from a gross margin perspective, you know transportation gross margins were 15.9% this quarter, 18% last year’s third quarter. The biggest driver of that is fuel increases because they do function as a pass through.
Alexander Brand – Stephens Inc.: So the only real change sequentially was the fuel? And Chad can you just remind us in the first quarter of next year, what’s the impact of the additional restricted stock that’s going to kick in?
Chad M. Lindbloom:  The estimate we gave last conference call was somewhere around the 1% of net revenue but that estimate is still a very unprecise estimate because we have not done the grants yet so we don’t know how many shares it’s going to be. And the expense would also vary based on the growth in earnings.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [John Lincolnfield] – Robert W. Baird.
John Lincolnfield – Robert W. Baird:  When you look at the LTL business, I think you’ve said that that’s about 10% of your truck size. How much of that is LTL business that goes to an LTL carrier versus LTL business that you consolidate yourself within a truckload brokerage type of ?
John P. Wiehoff:  The vast majority of it would be going to an LTL provider. There is an amount – I don’t have a precise breakout for you, but a smaller amount of it would be consolidation center activity that we’re combining loads and putting them on a truckload provider. So the numbers that – when we estimate that, it’s around 10 or 11% of the truck category, that is estimated based on how we would sell it to the shipper or the customer. And then that can either get passed through, you know, consolidated to a truckload provider or put directly on an LTL provider.
John Lincolnfield – Robert W. Baird: And is there any big levels of concentration of any underlying LTL carrier that actually does the former part?
John P. Wiehoff:  No I think our LTL activity that we tender directly to LTL providers is spread fairly evenly across the industry. Now in the LTL industry there are far fewer number of providers, so I want to say there’s between 200 and 250 carriers that we do virtually all of the LTL business, that we would tender to an LTL provider. So it’s a much smaller universe than the 30,000 truckload providers that we work with. But across those 200 to 250 national and regional LTL providers it is spread fairly proportionate to their representation in the marketplace.
John Lincolnfield – Robert W. Baird: And then on the pricing side you made a comment in terms of what you estimated your cost of transportation went up or what the term pricing went up at [inaudible]. Do you think your cost of transportation went up in a similar fashion? I know that’s a hard number to get to, but how would you do that?
Chad M. Lindbloom:  Yes. You don’t have the exact data to show this but yes our underlying rates to the carrier, excluding impact of fuel if you assume fuel is a straight pass through, the rate we were paying the carrier went up even faster than the rate to our customers.
John Lincolnfield – Robert W. Baird: And relative even to the second quarter would it have? I’m just trying to understand the delta of second quarter to third quarter. Would it have been a similar type dynamic?
John P. Wiehoff:  There was a similar type of dynamic. You can tell by looking at our volume increases are greater than the net revenue increase.
John Lincolnfield – Robert W. Baird: And then what about on the sourcing side? Is there anything there specifically that drove the type of gross you saw which is above trend line anyways? Anything we should think about moving forward with that segment?
John P. Wiehoff:  I think the point that we highlighted in the release is probably the most relevant, that there is a product mix issue in the sourcing business around some of the produce that we source and distribute is fairly straightforward, bulk product. And others are very high value added, more expensive product that margins can vary on. So a lot of the better than historical growth came from margin expansion and mix shifts to higher value added products.
John Lincolnfield – Robert W. Baird: And would that expected to continue or just depends on the market?
John P. Wiehoff: It depends on the market. It depends upon weather and crop yields and customer orders and all the rest of that.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Thomas Wadewitz – J.P. Morgan.
Thomas Wadewitz – J.P. Morgan:  I wanted to see if you could give some comments on the demand trend. I don’t know if I missed this right at the beginning of the call or maybe you didn’t comment on it. But your volume numbers in truckload appear like they’re still growing quite well but it seems like there’s some deceleration over the last few quarter, and I think we’ve heard from other carriers that there was some meaningful slowing in demand at the end of September and early October.  And just wondering if you’re seeing the same thing and if you think it’s reasonable to anticipate that your truckload volume growth would need to slow down as we see some weakness in the broader market.
John P. Wiehoff: Again we have had good volume growth throughout this year. That’s been relatively flat from a total volume perspective. So to predict our volume growth going forward would all depend on how well do we do it taking additional market share.
Thomas Wadewitz – J.P. Morgan:  Are you willing to give some thoughts? Within the quarter, did you see a fall off towards the end of the quarter or not?
John P. Wiehoff:  Our volume growth was relatively consistent throughout the quarter.
Thomas Wadewitz – J.P. Morgan:  In terms of the market, it did seem that there was a considerable tightening in the truckload market in the kind of May and June timeframe, but our sense would have been that maybe the market would have loosened a little bit in the third quarter. And that there wasn’t a lot of follow through from the June improvement. Did you see any loosening in the truckload market or did it, was it kind of similar in terms of being tight from where you were in second quarter?
John P. Wiehoff:  You know the interesting thing about the second quarter and third quarter sequentially is that during the second quarter fuel prices were rising and during the third quarter fuel prices were declining. And I think those fuel surcharges or spot market rate adjustments for fuel made gross prices or absolute prices kind of rise and fall in the second and third quarter which probably, for a lot of people, especially a lot of shippers made the market feel like it was getting tighter or more expensive throughout the second quarter and then loosening during the third quarter. We’ve tried to strip out as best we could, but as we said in the comments assuming that fuel is a pass through adjustment, our results would reflect fairly constant across the second and third quarter.
Thomas Wadewitz – J.P. Morgan: So you saw most of the gross margin pressure was fuel but there was a portion of the gross margin pressure that would have been a little bit of a tighter market? Is that a fair way to view your comments?
John P. Wiehoff: Maybe a very small amount of market tightening. You know one of the things that we put in the release that I think is perhaps indicative of that as best we can analyze and strip our numbers from the fuel impacts, we put the comment in there on the truck that the pricing was probably up about 3%. I guess we felt that one of the more interesting observations in the quarter is that for this portion of the cycle when freight demand is softer and economic conditions are not that great, it’s a little unusual that others in the industry and we ourselves kind of are experiencing a little bit of price increase. So I think what we talked about last time around and we still believe to be true that what’s maybe a little bit unique or interesting about this part of the cycle is it feels like the capacity side, especially on the truckload portion of the industry, has corrected downward fairly quickly and fairly aggressively. That maybe the large truckload providers are not holding onto excess capacity through the weaker part of the cycle like they’ve had in the past. Or maybe that escalating fuel prices simultaneous to the soft market drove capacity out of the market quicker than maybe it has in the past. But the one analytical thing that we think is kind of interesting is that in what appears to be smack in the center of the softening part of the market, there actually was maybe a little bit of price increase.
Thomas Wadewitz – J.P. Morgan:  So the last question I have then do you have would be do you have a sense of an outlook for capacity in the market? I mean, you think it’s tightened to fair, but do you think there’s quite a bit more of that to go? Or do you think you’re maybe kind of stable where you’re at and capacity wise and you wouldn’t have concern about further tightening and potential margin squeeze going forward?
John P. Wiehoff:  This entire year, including the third quarter there has not been by our metrics any periods of real loose or tight capacity. It’s been relatively balanced from a supply and demand point of view. The point that we’ve emphasized in the past that we still believe is true, kind of what I was touching on earlier is that we don’t have the crystal ball. And nobody can really predict what demand is going to be like for the next couple of quarters.  But I think the most interesting insight that we can share is that what you saw in ’04, ’05, ’06 was significant price increases on the truckload side and the fact that prices are holding firm or perhaps even increasing a percent or two during a soft part of the market like this. When demand does return and if demand returns aggressively, all conditions would seem to point that there could be some pretty significant shortages of capacity and/or price increases when demand returns.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Justin Yagerman – Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC.
Justin Yagerman – Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC:  Just a couple quick questions on the LTL side. When I think about the gross margins there in the quarter you said that there was little to no compression year-over-year. Is that all because of fuel on and how it affects the fuel surcharge in the LTL environment or was there something else in terms of the competitive environment in LTL that made it easier for you guys to garner a better gross margin? And then when you think about the gross margins in LTL, are they higher or lower than the total in terms of the transportation group?
Chad M. Lindbloom:  Gross margins within the LTL services, particularly those where we’re tendering to an LTL provider are much more constant than the truckload side of it because pricing tends to work off of price tariffs or discounts that stay in place for a longer period of time. So in a significant amount of the LTL business, margins tend for us at least tend not to fluctuate as greatly as they do on the truckload side of it.  Where we’re consolidating freight and putting it with a truckload provider those margins can be much more erratic because obviously if you consolidate very efficiently you can have very high margins, and if you consolidate poorly you can have very poor margins. So there’s a little bit of a blending of some more constant margin and some more volatile stuff. But really for us the business from an LTL standpoint was fairly consistent from a pricing and margin standpoint year-over-year and our net revenue growth was just driven by volume and market share penetration.
Justin Yagerman – Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: When you were talking about the lag between how you get your prices up to your customer and prices going up for what the carriers are charging you guys, can you talk to that? How long a ladies and gentlemen typically is and how that sorts itself out? And maybe why that actually occurs when you’ve got a transactional exchange going on?
John P. Wiehoff:  Well there is a portion of the business that we’ve always described that is contractual where we’re bidding on freight lanes and freight rates for a period of time up to a year where there’s pre-pricing in place and there’s a route guide in place. And most often we’re sourcing the capacity on a daily basis. So there’s a portion of the business that over time probably averages around half. It can be more of less, depending upon our customer relationships and how things are fluctuating.  But we’ve got a decent percentage of the business that has pre-committed pricing to the shipper where the buy rate to the carrier can adjust up or downward depending on market conditions and therefore our margins will fluctuate. We also have the transactional portion of the business where both our sell rate to the customer and our buy rate will fluctuate daily. And those margins can expand or contract just depending upon overall freight demand and kind of market capacity and conditions. So depending upon the fluid mix of route guide compliance and exactly how the freight is flowing, that mix of contractual and transactional freight can vary. And then the margins within each of those categories can vary a little bit. So –
Justin Yagerman – Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Do you go back to the customer? I mean, in a volatile spot market, if you end up with a six month or a year contract, that all of a sudden becomes very hard to deal with.
John P. Wiehoff:  We do and most of the contracts both ways allow for 30 day notice if the contract’s not working out for either side. So there is room for renegotiation in some instances. In many instances in soft markets, customers will not have the freight volume that they intended to have at the beginning of the year, so there might be contractual rates in place but the volumes aren’t what they were forecasted to be. So there’s a lot of different variations on what can happen.
Justin Yagerman – Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Looking at you’re the doubtful accounts on the provisions that have gone up on a year-over-year basis significantly. When you look at where that’s being driven by is that more on the shipper side or is that more on the carrier side, when you’re thinking about who’s generating more of those provisions on the doubtful accounts?
Chad M. Lindbloom:  It’s primarily on the shipper’s side. Because the only place that carriers owe us money, other than for freight claims is in the T-checks business.
Justin Yagerman – Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: And then when you look at the T-checks, are you getting a rise in the provisions for doubtful accounts there? And is there any read that you guys can take from that or from the rest of your business that gives you a sense of how fast or how much capacity is coming out right now?
John P. Wiehoff:  We definitely have seen some bankruptcies of the carriers, including Jevic that we mentioned last quarter that T-check does business with. We are aggressively managing our receivable portfolio and in many cases we have put some carriers on pay up front. So basically they have to fund their account before they can use their card.
Chad B. Lindbloom:  We don’t have a lot of firm data on bankruptcies or carrier terms because it’s sometimes challenging, but I would share with you that our transportation leadership team and from those of us who are traveling our offices our perception and belief is that capacity is exiting the market fairly aggressively. That many of the offices that we travel to have talked about capacity that has quit or left the marketplace on the truckload side.  And given the comments that I made earlier about pricing and how the capacity side is correcting, it is our sense that in this part of the cycle that truckload capacity is leaving the marketplace, perhaps even more aggressively than they would have at this part of the cycle in the past.
Justin Yagerman – Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: If you think about gross margins and how they historically react to changes in fuel price, we’re at, I think 13% up year-over-year on diesel now and that’s contracted considerably from peak spreads on a year-over-year basis. If that continues to trend in the quarter, would you expect that to have a positive impact on gross margins? And I guess how does that magnitude trend when you take a look at the movement of diesel and the gross margin movement?
John P. Wiehoff:  Yes. As far as the margin percentage goes, yes, the fuel comes down we’d expect the margins to expand, similarly to the way they contracted when diesel came up. But as far as dollars go, it would fluctuate based on market supply and demand and in how well we price.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research, LLC.
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research, LLC:  I know you’ve been through this a little bit, but I just want to get at this 3% underlying line haul rate. Is there a component of that that’s gross of fuel, or did you do – or is that pretty much net of fuel as you look at it?
Chad M. Lindbloom:  That is net of fuel the most accurately that we can adjust out of the rates.
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research, LLC: If you say that’s something net of fuel, if you were an asset based carrier I would say that was revenue per mile net of fuel. Is it revenue per load net of fuel? How do you think about that?
Chad M. Lindbloom: Per mile.
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research, LLC: Can you talk about throughout the quarter how that trend moved? Or did it stay pretty much firm throughout? Because the public asset guys are all seeing since July their mile net of fuel flattening out quite a bit.
Chad M. Lindbloom: It was pretty consistent as far as the growth goes. The net of fuel was very consistent throughout the quarter as far as growth over last year’s rates.
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research, LLC: And how about the 9% volume growth? How did that look July through September?
Chad M. Lindbloom: We’ve already answered that one as relatively consistent. And one of the things that maybe makes us a little bit unique from some of the asset providers is that we have a wide variety of mix issues. You know the rate per mile and some of the pricing stuff we’re aggregating a whole bunch of spread out activity here. So when we’re looking at our rate per mile and revenue per mile, there could be head haul, backhaul, east, west, long haul, short haul type variances in there that maybe would be a little bit different than an asset provider who tends to run a little bit more consistently.
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research, LLC: I’m interested in your thoughts because what we’ve heard pretty consistently is that as fuel came down, carriers came back in and also we’re seeing it on gains on sales which had been better. We started to see trucks move again. They stopped moving in June and the last couple of months everybody’s reporting more gains on sales and that some trucks are being sold as more people come in. You’re just not seeing that? Are you seeing that in your carrier base?
John P. Wiehoff:  You know our capacity metrics aren’t that real time. That could very well be true but we wouldn’t get great exposure to – we still continued to sign up hundreds of new carriers during the quarter so there could certainly, and we would certainly validate that there were many new carriers that started doing business in the third quarter. But we also know that there a lot of them who quit during the quarter as well, too.
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research, LLC: Are you aggressively trying to grow the volume right now? Is that something that’s a little different than past sectors? Is the opportunity because some of the big asset based guys have been reducing their fleets for you to go get it? Could that be impacting us too?
John P. Wiehoff: I would like to believe that we are always trying to aggressively grow our volume. I think what might be a little bit different is that we think we’re continuing to do that this year, where maybe others haven’t continued to do it as aggressively. So maybe our focus on the marketplace is a little bit different that way. But you’ve spent enough time with us to know that sales and sales training and relationship building and marketplace presence is part of our core competency, that we really try to emphasize and bring to it. And as we’ve shared in previous quarters, despite a slower economic environment we’ve tried not to back off of that.
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research, LLC: So given what you know right now that the economy is weakening, capacity seems to be coming out, fuel let’s say Justin was on to something when he said last week we’re only up 13%, the rate we’re going in two weeks fuel is going to be flat and in three or four weeks it’s going to be down year-over-year. If you have flat fuel for the next couple of quarters in this environment, would you expect gross yields to be flattish year-over-year or still depressed a little bit?
Chad M. Lindbloom:  That would be very difficult to predict exactly how they would react. It will depend on those other factors that I talked about before with Justin.
John P. Wiehoff:  When you say gross yields, the difference between our gross and net revenue grow, obviously if fuel is comparable and pricing is comparable they’d be the same. But we think of it as growing our volume and growing our net revenue. And whether fuel continues to flatten out or go back up, the way we manage our business that wouldn’t be a big factor in terms of targeting our growth rate and our margin and earnings expansion.
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research, LLC: I understand it just kind of happens, but yet you’ve been through it. So you might have a sense. So your sense is that we have to see all these different factors basically.
John P. Wiehoff:  Yes.
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research, LLC: Just a smaller microcosm if I look at your ocean, obviously there’s an acquisition but even backing that out it’s tremendous growth as you reported in net revenue. We’ve seen where ocean pricing is just falling out of bed. Is this a case where you’re seeing margin expansion on the ocean, where the gross isn’t as big as the net growth? Is that fair to say.
John P. Wiehoff:  Yes.
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research, LLC: On the SG&A line, Chad, when year-over-year do you expect to grow into some of the rent issues and other things and start to see SG&A as a percent of revenue just year-over-year, flatten out or start to improve? Is that an ’09 event at some point?
Chad M. Lindbloom:  Well if you just look at the fourth quarter of ’07, total SG&A including depreciation and amortization was $45 million where it’s only at $40.8 million for the third quarter of 2007, so the comparisons are going to start to get easier. We did move into this building halfway through the quarter so that variance will go away starting in ’09. And yes we did move a bunch of our bigger offices during this time period. So I think the occupancy line in particular should stop being such a big variance once we lap it.
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research, LLC: So it sounds like you could get back to improvement in this line at some point in ’09 give or take what happens with revenue.
Chad M. Lindbloom:  That provision for bad debts is a significant item in there, too. That’s probably the most difficult to predict.
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research, LLC: You mentioned in your remarks that you try not to time the market off on stock repurchases, yet you did a record number for you guys in the quarter when the valuation’s been the lowest it’s been in some time. And you did say something about when it’s beyond valuation parameters. Is that a fair assumption that some of that was intentional? And that if the stock stays down here, that’s a good use for cash going forward?
Chad M. Lindbloom:  It’s safe to assume that as the price came down we did buy a few more shares in the third quarter. As far as what we’re going to do in the fourth quarter that’s an ongoing conversation that John and I have with the board. So we’re not committing to what we will do during this quarter.
John P. Wiehoff:  I would add to that Ed that within a range of what we’ve pre-established with our board, we probably moved a little bit more to the aggressive bend in that range but we have not yet agreed with our board on a kind of broadly different strategy. But certainly with the price trading where it is, it’s provoking a lot of discussions around whether that’s appropriate or not.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Nathan Brochmann – William Blair & Company, LLC.
Nathan Brochmann – William Blair & Company, LLC: Last quarter, John, you were talking about hey we’re not going to look at this one quarter in terms of our investment spending, whether it be in people or branches, etc. I mean clearly we’ve moved to kind of a slower growth outlook right now. How do you think about those investments now kind of going forward?
John P. Wiehoff:  I still feel like there is as much opportunity as challenge for us in the marketplace. And that we are going to continue to add people. We’re adding them every day and we’re going to continue to open offices. We opened up another three during the quarter. And we continue to look for acquisitions and opportunities. So I like to believe that relative to others in the industry that we are going to try to take advantage of this softness by expanding our network and selling and pushing as much as we can.  So I think that message is still very much true. The balance to that that I tried to emphasize in my prepared comments is that when we know freight demand is very high and relatively high growth is much more likely to occur, we will give a lot more leeway in the productivity metrics and the hiring backlogs and the things like that that we’ve established over time. When things get a little bit slower we’ll kind of reign those in and tighten them up a little bit, and that’s clearly the way our branch supervisors are behaving today. So it’s not like we’re ignoring the current environment and just executing blindly to the fact that things are going to be a little bit slower, but we certainly have continued growth expectations despite the environment.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [John Mim] – BB&T Capital Markets. 
John Mim – BB&T Capital Markets:  Following up on Ed’s comment, do you have a exact share buy back number from Q3 and an average price?
Chad M. Lindbloom:  Yes. It was in the prepared remarks, 1.070 million shares and an average price of $51.10.
John Mim – BB&T Capital Markets:  Another thing, I know you touched on it in your opening comments about the Transera acquisition and the ocean. Going forward is this kind of $17, $18 million of gross profit a good run rate to look at? Or should we see – is that only two months of the quarter? Or can you add some color there?
Chad M. Lindbloom:  That is only two months of the acquisition. So it could be comparable number if we would have had them for the whole quarter, it would have been higher than the $17 million.
John P. Wiehoff:  They are a relatively smaller percentage of the total and they were in there for two months, so you’d have to do the math to figure it out. We’re still learning about the seasonality or any fluctuations in their business as we integrate them in. And so I don’t think it would be a substantially different number.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ken Hoexter – Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter – Merrill Lynch:  Chad when you talk about the increase in the doubtful accounts, I just want to make sure that I understand that right. Just looking at the accounts receivable jumping $200 million since the end of the year, so when you talk about doubtful accounts you’re talking about 1% of that increase that you believe you’ve accurately reserved for? I’m just wondering why the AR is jumping up so fast.
Chad M. Lindbloom:  The main reason the AR is jumping up so fast is because of the price of fuel and the gross revenues have jumped up so much. When you look at the provision for doubtful accounts, that’s basically the accounting term for how much bad debt either did you experience during the quarter or additions to the reserve for allowance for doubtful accounts you thought you needed to make to have adequate reserves.
Ken Hoexter – Merrill Lynch:  And when you talked about Jevic a couple months ago, also Great Wide another large truckload carrier just declared bankruptcy, any exposure there?
Chad M. Lindbloom:  No.
John P. Wiehoff:  Jevic was a T-check customer and that’s what created the receivable exposure for us. I don’t believe Great Wide is a T-check customer, so if any relationship with them, we would probably owe them money for providing capacity to us. So no exposure that I’m aware of.
Ken Hoexter – Merrill Lynch:  You talked a lot about great detail on the trucking environment and some questions on ocean. I don’t think you’ve hit much on the intermodal side which also jumped up. And you highlighted the volume growth. Is there anything that’s driving that level of growth?
John P. Wiehoff:  We’ve made a lot of – we’ve put a lot of effort internally over the last couple of years to really improve our operating system and procedures and put a lot of people investments in there. I feel like we’ve been talking fairly positively for the last couple of years about our service levels, our capabilities, knowing that intermodal for many customers is becoming a more viable alternative with fuel prices and all of that. So we felt good about it for a while.  But it hasn’t really translated into net revenue increases because of margin compression from the elimination of rail incentives, from the shift in capacity providers in certain lanes, so we’ve had some capacity sourcing and margin pressure type things where our volume growth and our service improvements haven’t really translated into net revenue growth. And we hope now that we’re beyond those comparisons and feel like hopefully going forward that we’ll be better positioned for some net revenue growth to come with our volume and service increases.
Ken Hoexter – Merrill Lynch: Just to clarify if I can, I think you mentioned before that with the bankruptcies that you’re seeing out there, you’re also signing up I believe you said a couple hundred carriers in the quarter. Are you working as fast to sign up new counter parties as you are seeing inactive truckload carriers out there?
Chad M. Lindbloom:  John should have said we signed up thousands of carriers during the quarter, because it’s a little bit less than a thousand a month. And it’s really hard for us to know, we know when we add a new carrier but we don’t know when a carrier goes away because just because they don’t haul for us during a month doesn’t mean that they’re not an active carrier anymore.
John P. Wiehoff:  We drop this as an active carrier if they haven’t hauled for us in a year. And then we sign up the new carriers as they come. So as I mentioned earlier, our carrier statistics around turn aren’t real time. They sort of just get cleansed over time. So in terms of exactly how many new entrants came to the market versus how many left during something like the third quarter, we don’t get real good visibility to that.
Ken Hoexter – Merrill Lynch: Do you see when you sign up a carrier that the size or scale of that carrier when you’re looking at insurance? Are you doing it? Because you’re not doing it truck by truck, I take it, you’re doing it by carrier.
John P. Wiehoff:  We do it by carrier. Yes. By operating authority. So when we do sign up a new carrier, we do a log of how many trucks they have. Most of the new carriers are pretty small.
Ken Hoexter – Merrill Lynch: And is this level of sign ups fairly consistent of these newer carriers?
John P. Wiehoff:  It’s down a little bit in the last year or 18 months, but yes there is a relatively consistent level of new carrier sign ups.
Ken Hoexter – Merrill Lynch: And then just to clarify one other thing that you said, did you say that you were still about half transactional, half spot? Is that down from, I thought you had gotten up to about 80, 90% maybe a couple only, maybe a couple quarters ago?
John P. Wiehoff:  No I don’t think we’ve ever been estimating that far either way. But we always get asked to try to estimate what the percentages are between where there’s a price base commitment and where it’s transactional. And those volumes will fluctuate, depending on how loads are tendered each day and what route guide compliance looks like. And it will fluctuate back and forth with no real firm definition around exactly what constitutes contractual versus transactional. So no I don’t think we’ve ever been 80 or 90% either way.  During 2004, 2005, 2006 when prices were rising rapidly and route guide compliance was very low, we were saying at that point in time that our – that the marketplace was very transactional and there were very high percentages of the freight that was being priced daily because all of the pre-committed pricing that was in place was becoming obsolete pretty fast. During this period of time, where the market is fairly soft or balanced, a much higher percentage of the freight will be moving on pre-established rates and bit packages. So a higher percentage of it today would be contractual. But again there’s no firm definition or measurement around exactly what percent that would be.
Ken Hoexter – Merrill Lynch: The established rates, but if a carrier is not meeting some of his volume commitments, I think you mentioned before that you can go back and start re-negotiating that price level. If maybe you were giving too good of a price relative to a higher volume commitment and they’re clearly not meeting those now.
Chad M. Lindbloom:  On truckload business, we make very little rate commitments or volume commitments to a carrier. And John was talking about that. That was on the customer side. Almost all of our truckload capacity is hired on a spot basis.
Ken Hoexter – Merrill Lynch: Well I know it’s hired on a spot basis. I’m just wondering what rates they’re tendering it to you at.
Chad M. Lindbloom:  That is negotiated on a load by load basis. Very often it’ll be, “Same price as last time?” And the answer will be “Yes”, but they’re not committed rates like they are with the customer except for about I think it’s like 3 or 4% of our capacity.
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Campbell – Thompson, Davis & Co.
David Campbell – Thompson, Davis & Co.: I just wanted to try to understand on the Transera contribution of your revenues, if I did it right it’s $1.3 million of net revenues in largely in ocean with some in air as well. On an annual rate, that’s about $7.2 million if that number’s right and you had when you announced the acquisition you said Transera had $125 million in gross revenue, so I was trying to figure out is there some net revenue in the truckload business or is it just low gross margins?
John P. Wiehoff:  I think you actually made some mistakes in your calculations. And there are net revenues on the truckload side as well, too, because in the project based business there will be international and domestic components of the shipments that they’re working with.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Hamilton – RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Hamilton – RBC Capital Markets:  I’m wondering if you could comment if you’re seeing anything changing in acquisition potential out there in the current environment.
John P. Wiehoff:  No real significant changes. Obviously as the credit markets have dried up everybody expects that the transactions would happen at lower relative prices. There have not been many significant acquisitions in our space. And the small ones are less susceptible to what’s going on in those markets, because the venture capital funds were never going after the small acquisitions which most of ours have been. Also in this type of environment, there’s not a lot of sizable, well run things that are for sale. Because everybody knows it’s about the worst time there has been lately to sell a company.
Michael Hamilton – RBC Capital Markets: My other question if you could come back to the transactional issue. Are you seeing any changes out of the buyers of your service in terms of how they’re trying to position contracts that’s worth noting?
John P. Wiehoff:  Obviously it – I’d say probably the number one topic this year has been focus on fuel and fuel charge formulas and how they work and how often they adjust. There are literally hundreds of different ways that you can calculate them and frequency of adjustment. And in the price negotiations and the purchases of services that’s probably been the lead topic of because of the volatility of fuel during the year and the significance to the outcome.  In terms of beyond that, the basic price negotiation and kind of bidding of the services, in the freight world the customers have always had the luxury of them being the ones to decide when and how often they put things out to bid. And obviously when rates are declining, it’s more advantageous for a shipper to bid their freight more frequently and to try to take advantage. And then when rates start to escalate, you’ll see fewer bid opportunities as they try to hold onto those committed prices for as long as possible. So a year ago we were talking about a lot of increases and the frequency of bids and bid opportunities and throughout this year you’ll probably see a little bit of tapering off of the volume of RFP’s and bid requests in the marketplace as people probably feel like they’ve adjusted downward to some of the softness as well as they can. I would say that’s probably the best description of kind of the overall marketplace and bid scenarios.
Michael Hamilton – RBC Capital Markets: Then finally for Chad, beyond the obvious heartburn with all of the stresses financially on some of your buyers of services, is there anything that you’re changing in terms of how you’re approaching some of the retail and other world where there’s a little bit more stress than there’s been in recent years?
Chad M. Lindbloom:  I would say that we are managing our credit limits to certain customers a lot more aggressively than we have in the past. We do get continuous updates from Dun & Bradstreet and other sources and we’re a little more skittish right now about it being aggressive on the credit limit side. So we’re definitely managing it more aggressively than we have in the past.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Joel Ritchie] – Goldman Sachs. 
Joel Ritchie – Goldman Sachs:  The first question I have was on the LTL business, can you remind me again what percentage mix of your truck business is LTL versus truckload?
John P. Wiehoff:  It’s around 12 or 13% right now LTL for the quarter.
Joel Ritchie – Goldman Sachs: And that trend I’m assuming has been growing over time due to pretty strong growth rates this past quarter? Is that right?
John P. Wiehoff:  Yes. We’ve been saying for a long time that it’s around 10, but it has been especially this year it has been growing faster than truck. So yes it’s rationed it up to from 10 a year and a half ago or so to probably 12 to 13% now.
Joel Ritchie – Goldman Sachs: Can you talk a little bit about what you’re seeing in that industry specifically? Is it the problems that some of the larger kind of national LTL carriers are having? Or are you seeing industry wide, both regional and national players using your services?
John P. Wiehoff:  I think there’s a whole bunch of contributing factors to the growth. We’ve certainly put more emphasis on training and operational execution on it internally just to make it more a part of our mix. When you look at the capacity side of it, we put a lot of effort into building and automating relationships with the various capacity providers, so that we could do a better job of representing them and selling their services in the marketplace. So I think as a combination of us pushing harder on both sides and then the fact that there is a lot of transition in the marketplace, a lot of new entrants who are aggressively bringing capacity, I think it’s more challenging for an LTL network to try to adjust capacity downward in a softer market like this. So they’re probably more inclined to give greater price discounts or reduce pricing a little bit more than the truckload providers might at this point. So you put that all together and we just continued to find a lot of opportunity to sell and execute in the LTL category in the last couple of years.
Joel Ritchie – Goldman Sachs: The second point I wanted to touch on was you – it seems like you have been increasing your market share. You mentioned earlier that you have been increasing your market share in all your offerings, and yet one of the big push backs I get from investors is that a lot of the truckload carriers have started up [dropper] operations and I wanted you to potentially talk about the resiliency of your business model. And talk about how the competitive dynamic has maybe changed because the truckload carriers have entered the space.
John P. Wiehoff:  I think that’s a very fair question and the way that we think about it is that there’s sort of two big dynamics going on that probably offset each other a little bit and kind of how we fare in the mix of those will be a determinant in our success. If you go back five to ten years ago, I think there was a lot more skepticism and hesitancy with a lot of shippers around using a third party or a broker for a major portion of their transportation needs.  And if you look at industry data, the best that we can find and the best that we can estimate, we believe that more and more of the truckload industry is being handled through some sort of third party logistics, brokerage type business model. So when you look at the universe of truckload activity, we think what we in our business model represent is taking share from a traditional truckload relationship out there. At the same time, there’s no question that there are more competitors or at least more large public companies who have declared the intent to be a competitor in it. And even many of them have been very vocal about converting existing truckload capacity to brokerage services that they’re going to offer in lieu of that truckload capacity. So sort of validating the broader market transition as well as declaring their participation in it.  So the way we think about it is that more of the market looks and smells like us, but we have a lot more competitors within our space. So while there is more competition and we know that we have to be faster, better, smarter and continue to grow the network, we also think that there is as much opportunity as ever because the marketplace is much more receptive to a third party model.
Joel Ritchie – Goldman Sachs: One follow up to that. In this type of environment I guess what looks to be a potentially tough environment over the next three to six months, and potentially longer, it doesn’t sound like the pie’s going to grow much, but you’re going to continue to gain shares. So maybe you can talk a little bit about what is it that’s going to enable you to do that?
John P. Wiehoff:  The thing that we start with is that transportation logistics and truckload industries are very, very large. So probably on the broadest definition of logistics of all transportation modes and warehousing and admin and all that is somewhere over $1 trillion, and on our largest revenue category, the truckload services, I think a lot of the analysts estimate it at $400 billion market or something like that.  So even though we’re proud of our size and if we end up around $5 or $6 billion of revenues in truckloads this year, it represents somewhere maybe around 2% , 1 to 2% of the market share that’s out there. So when that – if that $400 billion number is growing, and there’s a lot of demand that wasn’t planned for and a lot of incremental opportunity in the marketplace, we think we get a disproportionate amount of that growth and opportunity to grow our business. And when the market is not growing or contracting, we’re sort of left with the only opportunity to really take share and get a greater slice of the pie. But when you’ve got say 2% of the market, and it’s a big market, like a $300 to $400 billion market, our attitude is that if we’re bringing a better solution and have better people and better processes and are out aggressively selling, that the fact that the pie may be staying the same or shrinking shouldn’t be an excuse for us not to try to grow our business. So that’s the cultural attitude that we have. We know we can’t grow as fast as when things are expanding. But we’re going to sell, build relationships and just try to take share.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Chris Rosso] – Credit Suisse.
Chris Rosso – Credit Suisse:  Just one last quick one on the fuel. I know you can’t pick where it’s going to go, but what’s the best environment for you? Do you rather have fuel higher than it is here, lower, or do you just care that it’s stable? What works out the best for you in terms of business levels and margin?
John P. Wiehoff:  I think that we’re probably fairly neutral to it. I think when it rose very rapidly it added a lot of tension for everybody, just because the absolute costs were higher and nobody really knew if their surcharges were adjusting appropriately or radically. And it caused a lot of strain between head haul and backhaul relationships that had to get adjusted for. So I would say we’re neutral to it with the acknowledgment that when there’s real abrupt movements, especially really abrupt increases that that’s probably not good for anybody, including us.
Operator:  Your last question comes from Donald Broughton – Avondale Partners.
Donald Broughton – Avondale Partners:  Just wanted to ask real quick a little nuance of you’re saying your continuing to recruit more trucking companies. That’s something that’s certainly been true for a number of years. When you say new trucking companies, these are trucking companies that are new to you. These aren’t new to trucking companies as in just entering the industry, are they?
John P. Wiehoff:  It can be both. Many of them are new and part of the challenge that makes tracking the metrics on it interesting is a lot of the new trucking companies will be new operating authority perhaps that driver has been driving for a long period of time with somebody else or under a different operating authority. They’ve just ceased to do business and re-established. That makes tracking a lot of things like history and safety records and all the rest of that kind of interesting. So we have a group of people who monitor that. But there are some carriers who’ve been around for a long time who we’ve just never done business with. And there are many of them who are brand new registrants as well.
Donald Broughton – Avondale Partners:  So you don’t have any idea how that percentage breaks out?
John P. Wiehoff:  I do not.
Angie Freeman:  Thank you for participating in our third quarter 2008 conference call. This call will be available for replay in the investor relations section of the C.H. Robinson website at www.chrobinson.com. It will also be available by dialing 800-405-2236 and entering the passcode 11119775#. The replay will be available at approximately 7:00 pm Eastern Time today. If you have additional questions, please feel free to call me, Angie Freeman, at 952-937-7847. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you ladies and gentlemen. That will conclude today’s teleconference. Thank you again for your participation. And at this time you may disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Angie Freeman - Director of IR John P. Wiehoff - CEO and Chairman Chad M. Lindbloom - Sr. VP and CFO
Analysts: Justin B. Yagerman - Wachovia Securities Thomas Wadewitz - JPMorgan Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird Matthew Troy - Citigroup Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc. John Barnes - BB&T Capital Ed Wolf - Wolf Research
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Second Quarter 2008 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today's presentation, instructions will be given for the question-and answer-session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Tuesday July 22, 2008. I would now like to turn the conference over to Angie Freeman, C.H. Robinson Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Freeman.
Angie Freeman - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, CEO and Chad Lindbloom, Senior Vice President and CFO. John and Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our second quarter performance, and we will follow that with a question-and-answer session. I would like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. With that, I'll turn it to over to John.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Thank you, Angie. And thanks to everybody who is taking the time to listen to our second quarter conference call. About an hour ago, we issued a press release sharing the results for the second quarter of 2008. I want to start by highlighting just a couple of the key financial results on that release. For the second quarter ended June 30, of 2008, our gross revenues increased to 23.5% to $2.3 billion. Our net revenues increased 9.7% to $341 million. Our income from operations increased 11.3% to $144 million. Net income increased 9.9% to $90 million and diluted EPS increased 10.6% to $0.52 a share. Year-to-date for the six months, gross revenues were up 23% to $4.3 billion. Net revenues increased 11.7% to $679 million. Income from operations up 14.5% to $280 million, net income increased by 13.8% to $176 million, and diluted EPS up 14.6% to a $1.2 per share. Our results for the second quarter reflected the continuation of several themes that we've discussed, both at the beginning of 2008 and at the end of the first quarter results. I want to start by just revisiting a few of those topics briefly, because they remain pretty relevant to understanding the results. The first topic is gross revenue increases driven both by volume and price increases, related to fuel. In the press release, we shared some comments on volume and price activity, by mode, but the overall picture, driven largely by the truck load results, are that we had both volume and price increases during the quarter. But the price increases, by our analysis were virtually all driven by fuel price increases. We did experience continued growth from transactions or volume increases. And we continue to believe that we are taking market share, and that most all of our service offerings were growing our offerings faster than the market is growing as a whole. Our assessment is that the third party model and our business continues to add a choice for customers and carriers, that makes economic sense for a greater share of the market. We feel pretty positive about that aspect of our results. The second topic is gross margin compression; our transportation gross margin percentage for the second quarter of this year was 15.4%, compared to our transportation gross margin percentage of 17.9% in the second quarter of last year. This obviously had a pretty significant impact on the results for the quarter. Some background and comments on how we look at gross margin activity for the quarter. To start with, as a reminder, we discussed at the beginning of the year that we are entering 2008 with gross margin percentages at the high end of historic ranges. Starting the year at the high end of historic ranges, for margins did fit the historical pattern, as we have high demand and tight capacity markets in '04 to '06, with the softening of demand and pricing in '07, and coming into '08. The most challenging time to grow our net revenue is in a sustained market of soft demand. This is the second year of softer demand. As freight demand stays softer, in general the shipper expectations are for flat to declining prices, and the capacity providers face pressure to rationalize down to the market demands. Volume increases get harder to find, as there is less freight available. When you add diesel fuel increases of 50 plus percent to that environment, things get pretty challenging and that's the environment we had in the second quarter of 2008. We work hard to plan for and adjust for market changes, including changes in fuel prices. But increases that at times were 50% or 70%, increases over a year ago provide enough pain and cost increase for margin compression for everybody in the supply chain including us. We've explained many times in the past that our approach towards the market and pricing does not allow us to quantify with absolute certainty the impact that changing fuel prices have on our margins, as most of our capacity is sourced or priced daily in the market, at current market rates, inclusive of fuel cost. When we annualize our gross margins for the second quarter, if we assume that fuel cost increase is simply passed through all of our transactions that would account for a major portion of the gross margin percentage decline for the quarter. But we did have additional margin compression beyond those estimated impacts of fuel driven by increases to our costs of hire from market conditions. The next topic, I want to touch on is the variable personnel costs. As we've talked many times our business model compensates us on highly variable basis. Similar to last year and the first quarter of this year, our personnel cost grew slower than our net revenues grew due to reductions in the growth rates of our variable programs. We've discussed these in detail on the past, so I'm not going to go into the specifics but they include cash growth pools as well as equity vesting calculations driven by our growth in earnings. We continued to think our variable incentive programs, do a good job of sharing success levels both within our various teams and between the employees and shareholders. Our headcount for the quarter increased by 11% over the previous year. Our staffing needs tend to correlate most to volume growth. It is a challenge for us in this type of environment to continue to build the team, service our customers and carriers, by control of total personnel growth in the variable cost model. Our culture is that we're going to be aggressive and continued to try to grow the business, but we think that we have good disciplines and metrics to help balance the right mix of growth and profitability. The last topic or theme that I just want to touch on is sort of a general impact of the weak economy on our overall financials. Chad's going to address some of the specific items in a moment, but I think it's important from a high level to think about our business model and how several of these topics link together. The financial strength that we bring to the logistics equation is a big part of our contribution to both the shippers and the carriers in a variety of way. In a challenging environment like this some other things that you see in our results, include our account receivable ageing extending a little, our shippers feel strain, and sometimes delay payments. Increases in carrier cash advances and quick pay programs that we execute with carriers to help with their cash flow. Increases to our bad debt provision to address potential write-offs of weaker companies, reduced interest earnings on our cash reserves from lower interest rates and increased working capital needs to finance transaction increases there were extenuated by fuel price increases. We use our balance sheet and capital to help bring value and stability to the relationship and this gets more valuable in challenging economic times. We get challenged at times for having a conservative balance sheet, but it is an important part and important enabler for us to grow in tougher economic times and you see that at work in the second quarter in 2008. Those are the handful of broader topics that I wanted to touch on, the press release shares some specific comments, for each mode of service but I just wanted to comment on or highlight a few of them for the quarter. Within our international or global forwarding group, we continue to experience good organic growth as we build that business. While, we do plan to continue to invest in and grow our forwarding network, it's more important for the long-term that we develop a culture of selling and organic growth capabilities, and growing our relationships. We feel like we made good progress on that this quarter. Our transportation management business continues to add new accounts and grow nicely. We have more ways to help a customer today than ever, and that team within Robinson, is doing some very solid things to help grow our business. Produce Sourcing; the environment for the Sourcing business is challenging. The cantaloupe and tomato categories that we source in, have had significantly reduced activity driven by food safety issues. Fuel has added a lot of challenges to the food industry beyond transportation. Our sourcing teams been to able to continue to grow its relationships in the market, by expanding to more food service and more retailer relationships, as well as diversifying our services in things like private label programs, organics and other branded programs that we are bringing to the market. T-Check also had a good growth quarter. They were able to gain transactions in the core services that they offered, as well as to continue to expand their menu of offerings to their customers. And lastly, Robinson's European truck division made good progress in the quarter, as their net revenues and earnings grew in excess of 15%. While Europe truck represents only 4% of the truck load net revenues, we continue to think that that they represent a very significant long-term growth opportunity for us. Last, before I turn it over to Chad, I just want to share a couple of other thoughts or observations about the market, and the environment. As most of you know, we talk constantly about our long-term growth goal of 15%, and try to stay focused on the long-term part of it. I think, it's important to emphasize that we're not seeing anything that changes our confidence in our long-term growth goals, and how we're approaching the market. I do think it's helpful to think about as we reflect on our business and our model, what kind of feels like more of the same, and what might be unique or different about the environment. We talked over the last couple of years about price increases in '04, '05 or '06 being unique to the history of the last couple of decades. The... when we look at the current environment, one area that I think, it's important to understand is that while we do see capacity leaving the market, and when we look at current market conditions, in a lot of respects, that feels like a very normal part of a cycle for us. It's been very common that the freight demand has moved from tighter to softer conditions and a lot of the change in the market condition feels relatively normal to us. There are certain things that have been going on this year that are a little bit unusual, when you look back over the last couple of decades. At the top of that list would obviously be the fuel prices escalation. Those types of fuel price increases really, we haven't seen those before and so, there is probably some impacts, sort of extenuating pain on the carrier side, or the churn of capacity in the market. The change in the U.S. dollar and import-export relationship is probably having a unique impact. A weak credit market, making financing tough for both shippers and carriers, while weak economic conditions and weaker credit markets have certainly existed before, these might be unique to new levels that could impact how and when capacity and financing for it returns, when the market does turn next time. And lastly there are a lot of new environmental issues, challenging a lot of current practices, everything from packaging in the food industry to how things are routed on the freight side. With regards to trying to eliminate the use of fuel for a lot of environmental reasons as well as cost. So, there are some new things but, while these new things are driving some short-term costs and stress, the message we wanted to emphasize is that, none of these really seem to change the longer term supply and demand fluctuations that drive our business model, and are what makes us successful. We shared in the press release, that we don't see any signs of the market condition changing at this point in July. Our gross margins in July are starting out similar to the second quarter of this year. Increasing rates to shipper's remains challenging, in a large part, due to the pressure generated by fuel increases. So, while normally shippers would see some overall price relief in this part of the cycle, they're actually continuing to pay more, because of those fuel costs that are being passed along. While these short-term challenges in the current market conditions lead to a little bit of stress. At the same time, when we look at it, other observations that we would have about the current environment and the long-term causes of them, are things like supply chains logistics and transportation will likely be as relevant as ever going forward. Markets and costs could be more volatile going forward. Change looks like it's going to continue to accelerate, good technology and good people should have a greater impact and return on investment, all those sorts of facts that we think will continue to make us more relevant to the market, going forward. So I would sum up the thoughts, we want to share with you as acknowledging that we're not immune from the short-term pressures of the marketplace, fuel and weak economy, but we also feel confident that our business model and long-term value proposition is as good as ever. With that I'll turn it over to Chad.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, John. I'm going to cover some comments on our operating expenses, working capital, future capital expenditures and share repurchases. I will start with some comments with regarding our restricted stock program. John mentioned that our slower growth reduced some incentives compensation programs, including our restricted stock expense. As we mentioned last quarter, we currently expect that we will have additional equity grants awarded to participants later this year on 2009. Historically many of these awards, for many of these participants have been done on the periodic or a multi-year cycle rather than annually. One impact of this practice is they will likely be periods where more than one of these awards is being earned and expensed. We have two significant equity grants awarded under this multi-year cycle; one we will start investing in 2003 and one in 2006. Our awards have up to five years to pass [ph], but based on our significant earnings growth during the years of 2003 to 2005, our 2003 awards were fully invested prior to 2006. So we did not have overlapping expense. It is difficult to predict the impact of these new awards since investing and expense will be based on earnings growth and we don't know the total size of the awards at this time. It is likely that they will increase our personnel cost as a percentage of net revenue since the awards that began investing in 2006 will likely not be full invested by the end of this year. Now I move on to some of the comments, we made and add some color to the comments we made on other SG&A expenses. As we mentioned in the earning release we are continuing to invest in our business to support our long-term future, our people are traveling and selling as much as ever. We continued to invest in a long-term future by building systems and opening offices. As we mentioned before, we have approximately 20% more office space than we did a year ago with half of that being related to the new corporate headquarters that we moved into last October 15. We have continued to take a long-term focus on building for the future. We also mentioned that we had increase claims activity during the quarter, our standard process is to tender these claims to the carriers and their insurance companies. In some instances, the carrier or the insurance company rejects or refuses the claim. We had a handful of larger freight claims, where we chose to step in and pay the claim and will seek restitution from the carrier if possible. We also settle a continuing [ph] liability case during the quarter which drove a significant portion of the increase. We also mentioned that we had a significant increase in our provision for doubtful accounts. As disclosed in our 2007, 10-K our total provision for the year of 2007 was $6.7 million. We are tracking at approximately 50% higher than last year; about half of the increase is explained by the increase in gross revenue, the other half is related to some specific accounts that are having financial difficulties. I'll then move on to our working capital. As we review the balance sheet and capital statement, you will see that our working capital increased significantly, the two main components of our working capital are accounts receivable and accounts payable. Our accounts receivable balance increased by approximately 30% compared to last June. The bulk of that increase was driven by our gross revenue growth of 25%. In addition to the increase in net activity, our days of sales outstanding increased by approximately two days compared to last June. While it's taken us a couple days longer to get paid than it did a year ago, we still feel good about the overall quality of our receivable portfolio. Our total percentage of receivables over 60 days and 90 days has stayed relatively consistent with historic levels. Our accounts payable balance grew at approximately the same rate as the level of activity. Our carriers are continuing to take advantage of our quick pay program and cash advantage, our cash advance services. Approximately one-third of our truck load payables go through our quick pay program. I'll then move onto capital expenditures. We've discussed previously that we are analyzing our data centers needs, our current primary data center is in our old headquarters building and was built approximately 20 years ago. We have concluded that our best option is to build the new data center on our corporate campus in the Eden Prairie. We will begin construction this quarter, and expect the project to last about one year at a total cost of $17 million to $20 million. We expect to have the expenditures of approximately $8 million during second half of 2008, and the remainder to be spent in the first two quarters of 2009. This is in addition to the approximately $6 million or $25 million per year, that we predicted we would have in 2008. On share repurchases and dividends, as we have previously discussed, we used dividends and share repurchases to distribute capital to our shareholders. We have a history of adjusting our dividend annually, and have a targeted payout ratio of 40% of earnings. We use share repurchases as a variable way to return incremental capital to our shareholders. During the second quarter, we repurchased 860,000 shares at an average price of $62.30. We continue to believe that returning excess capital to our shareholders is an important part of managing the company. We have always viewed repurchases as a capital management practice, and have not tried to time the market. That concludes our prepared remarks. At this time, we will take your questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Lindbloom. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we'll begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question is from Justin Yagerman with Wachovia Securities. Please go ahead.
Justin B. Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: Hey, good afternoon. How are you?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Good.
Justin B. Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: I guess, looking back historically in this type of environment, just curious what your expectations are in terms of the lag between the pricing that you are able to push off to your customers and the gross margin contraction that you experienced in the transportation business. Obviously, we're in a different paradigm with fuel, and you discussed that, but what is your typical experience in a cycle, from cycle to cycle?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: I think the important part along that question is, when will shippers start to tolerate or accept some sort of a price increase. And our sense through the first half of the year is that when we've tried to adjust prices on the shipper side that there was really no acceptance to it at all. Because it's perceived to be a continued soft market, shippers are already paying a lot more for fuel, and they just didn't feel they needed to be receptive to that. What changes this cycle is when freight starts to become tighter, and certain freight doesn't move. And then shippers will start to first transactionally and then ultimately through bid processes, start to accept rate increases that will allow for some of that margin expansion. So, I think, nobody knows for sure, and we certainly don't have a guess as to, when freight demand will accelerate. But, I think, that will be the next step that will change the market conditions and allow for some price adjustments.
Justin B. Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: Was there a lot of freight that you guys turned down, because you couldn't get an acceptable margin on it in the quarter? And, I guess, along those lines, did you see a difference in the fill rate on customer requests? So, if you were filling 95% of the loads that people were asking you to do, you're now filling 75% of the loads. And, I guess, where is that threshold where you typically then start to see this spurt in pricing getting passed through again?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: We don't have precise metrics around turndowns and fill rates, but I do know that, each day we have a certain percentage of transactions that we actually loose money on, where it's costing us more to hire the capacity then we're able to bill the customer. And we certainly had a decent percentage of those in this quarter as well, which would indicate that, yes there are transactions that we're turning down because we can't get enough margin. And there are opportunities, where... or not opportunities, but situation where certain lanes and certain conditions, where pricing is just very difficult and we can't... we can't pass it along. It really becomes difficult to anticipate on an overall basis exactly when you reach that tipping point, and exactly when freight will sit long enough, that people will tolerate price increases in order to get it moved quicker.
Justin B. Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: Was there a segment of transportation especially in the truckload sector, whether it be refrigerated or flatbed where you shop better acceptance on the part of shippers to accept rate increases or past through where if you broke your margin down by... I guess specialty mode?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Not really, I would say the overall environment across all shippers is that pretty much everybody's business is under some variation of strain and everybody is paying a lot more for transportation because of fuel and so they really wasn't a lot of sympathy across there, I do know that the capacity in the refrigerator side was probably even a little tighter and probably had a little more churn to it, but it really didn't translate into a lot of price increases.
Justin B. Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: Got it. And I guess lastly and I'll turn it over to somebody else. Just if you could take us through sequentially in the quarter, how things progressed? How much of this margin deterioration occurred in June versus April and May? It would be very helpful.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: When you look at the gross margin percentage, we saw a pretty direct correlation as fuel continued to rise throughout the quarter, that the margins continued to get compressed.
Justin B. Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: Right and you said that... and so was it in June, where you actually saw the market lift things to the point where you got compressed beyond the fuel. You'd mentioned that in your prepared remarks. Was that when that took place or was it throughout the quarter.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Throughout the quarter, it was market-by-market; day-by-day, week-by-week and equipment types also were part of it.
Justin B. Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: Okay. Helpful guys, thank you, appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tom Wadewitz with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Thomas Wadewitz - JPMorgan: Yes, good afternoon. Let see; I wanted to follow up a little bit on Justin's question, just wanted to see if we could parse this a little bit further in terms of the gross margin pressure and whether you think that this is the beginning of pressure from tighter capacity and there is probably going to accelerated and get a bit worse or whether you're already seeing kind of a normal gross margin pressure from tighter capacity and it probably doesn't get much worse?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Its difficult and we don't predict kind of where it's going to go or where it's going go to, but I guess the way to think of that is that you got supply and demand right in all different market conditions and you're thinking about how does those match up or not match up well when you get a softening demand market like we've had for the last year and half or so and freight levels are flat to declining and the freight demand is soft, you see the capacity leaving, you see capacity ratcheting down to try to match better to that demand level and sort of where it goes from here is that demand levels stay soft or get softer than the capacity will need to continue to keep ratcheting down and won't provide a lot of increased margin opportunity or changes in conditions. The real lever point will be if freight demand hops back up or starts to strengthen this fall or this December or next spring or whenever that would happen that's what would really drive a dynamic change in the margins. So as we said in our release and in the prepared comments we really haven't seen any change in the market condition to date. But as we learned already this year these market conditions can change pretty fast and things like fuel price changes can accentuate how quickly they change.
Thomas Wadewitz - JPMorgan: SoI mean the way you characterized it, it sounds like it's primarily fuel that's causing the gross margin pressure in second quarter and that it's not... not yet a big impact from tighter capacity, is that right?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: It's definitely both.
Thomas Wadewitz - JPMorgan: Okay.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: But from a gross margin percentage standpoint, fuel would be the larger component to crack.
Thomas Wadewitz - JPMorgan: Okay, and typically in terms of the timing of your contracts, if... assuming that the contracts are somewhat of a constrain in getting your pricing up. How long would it take to get those... most of the business expiring where you could try to price up in response to the higher pricing you maybe paying for capacities, Is that two quarter delay or is it longer than that?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Well there are, that's where it gets relevant to sort of think of the freight in two baskets, one being the transactional stuff that sort of moves daily, that can price adjust daily, and other longer term price commitments that generally get referred to as contractual relationships where they don't move daily, they generally bid annually or something like that, but most of them even have kind of 30 day notice type thing. So the market, the market can move pretty fluidly and things can... at least a decent portion of the freight can re-price fairly quickly when market conditions warrant it. But if the supply and demand is relatively matched like it was in this quarter, it really doesn't trigger the environment where a lot of bidding or re-pricing starts to happen.
Thomas Wadewitz - JPMorgan: Okay so it's not necessarily a long time lag. But you got to have the right market conditions. And then I guess one more, I'll pass the line to someone else, I think Chad, you had some comments on some factors where there is some doubtful accounts and I think you talked about some accident costs in the quarter. Those showed up on SG&A, is that right? And then is it fair to think of some of those as being a bit unusual in terms of the magnitude in the second quarter and might not be a similar amount in a more normal quarter?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, if you look at the doubtful accounts, like you said part of this or half the increase roughly is just based on higher gross revenues. Because obviously our bad debt and our need for an allowance in our receivable balance is based on gross revenues not on net revenues. And then there was a couple that we hope are unusual write-offs. But on these types of economic times we could have some other customers have financial difficulties where we face some additional write-offs. But like I said in the call, overall looking at our existing receivable portfolio, it appears to be as high quality as it's been in the past. On the freight claims, yes, it was pretty rare for us to... well on the continued liability case that I mentioned, it's pretty rare for us to have a significant liability settlement because the way our business works and the way the contracts flow. All that liability is put back to the actual carrier. In this particular case we chose to settle it rather than continuing to litigate and that was it, about half of the increase that we had in total insurance and claims.
Thomas Wadewitz - JPMorgan: So what... I mean if you look at those that you want to characterize as a little bit more one time in nature. Are those 1 million in the quarter or 5 million in the quarter? Is there any way you kind of frame that... the magnitude of them?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I really hate these, as far the claim experience is, it's probably $1 million worth of what we would consider unusual, the bad debt provision, I can't really even say what's unusual versus not.
Thomas Wadewitz - JPMorgan: And the auto claim, the other liability claim, I guess?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That was in at the $1 million number that I talked about between some cargo claims in that auto liability claims.
Thomas Wadewitz - JPMorgan: Okay, so both of those are in the 1 million area. Okay. All right great, well, thank you for the time.
Operator: Thank you, our next question is from the line of Jon Langenfeld with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Good afternoon. Chad, can you just remind us the incremental... potential incremental investing of the restricted stock. Will that take place... will the next layer of that start at the first of the year?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes,the grants will likely happen in November, December of 2008 with the investing and therefore the expensing to begin in 2009.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Okay, all right, very good. And then it's not clear on that last point with the claim. There were kind of two layers of claim. One is the freight claims, damaged freights, something along those lines, the others would fall on that line of this contingent auto liability claim which was an accident amount or something?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, it was an accident from a couple years ago.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Okay, but those are two different buckets you highlighted in your prepared remarks?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, they were freight claims, they were just a couple... one or two stolen trailers of relatively high valued goods where we chose to step in and preserve the customer relationship and will seek restitution from the carriers.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Got it.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Where they rejected the claim.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Got it, but the carriers are still around, the insurance companies of the carriers are still around?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Okay, very good. And then the piece of the CapEx you had talked about, the $8 million you said it was above and beyond the $25 million, the $25 million was just your standard CapEx guidance this year?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Correctand is that... when we think about normal run-rate CapEx in the $25 million to $30 million in the coming years outside of this data centers, is that a realistic range?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That was probably outside of what we have been calling and we've had a field done on recently, real estate or building expenses, that at this size of the company that's a pretty good range, and it could grow as the business grows.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Yes.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So, the bulk of the CapEx is technology related, which grows as you add people, desks and phones which grow as we add people.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Right. And speaking of people, in terms of the headcount growth, I mean, you've been looking at the sequential headcount additions. Were those spreads throughout the business or were there some areas in particular that took on more headcounts?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It was pretty much spread throughout the business. The college graduations, as well as taking on interns, we have increased the amount of interns that we used during the summer, it's growth... part of the growth. But it's pretty much spread throughout the branch network.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then the final question is just on the volume growth side. You're still well above market. I'm just wondering, the general trends of the volumes, flowing from where they were in the second half of last year, really the fourth quarter and the first quarter. Is some of that due to you think, that the shippers and the carriers now being more comfortable if you will with the high fuel prices. And maybe in the fourth and the first quarter, the volatility caught them off guard, and so they were forced to think of more alternatives than the standard carrier-shipper relation?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: That could be true, in some instances. I think, it's really hard to generalize across the board as to what's going on in every shippers stock [ph] in terms of how they are approaching the market. But, the market conditions have been changing fast, and challenging. So, yes, that stock prices certainly could apply there some. But, I think, you see a wide range of how contracted out different shippers were, and how they are reacting to a softer market, in terms of honoring or not honoring those contracts and how everybody is looking at fuel prices, in all of their routing decisions. It's a pretty fluid environment when you've got things changing so aggressively like that.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Good. Well, thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Matt Troy with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Matthew Troy - Citigroup: Thanks. It's interesting your comments earlier on the other SG&A, specifically investing in future business, I think you've said travel, pursuing sales leads, new offices and people. How do you measure the return on these investments? How elastic are they? I guess, what I'm trying to get is how quickly can you rein them in, should these growth opportunities, that you're chasing not materialize, in caught [ph] say a few months of timeframe?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: I think fairly quickly. We have always had a decent level of turnover in the business. And we're constantly adding staff at a level greater than that. And so, in the past when our metrics have led us to the conclusion that we should slowdown the hiring process, between that and the high degree of variable pay that we have, we can bring it back into line fairly quickly. But, when we look at the business today, and we look at the volume growth and the market share that we believe we're taking, we think that's driven in a large part by having an aggressive sales funnel, and hiring a lot of people and motivating them to go out and build relationships. And so, we've... we want to manage that carefully, but also continue to encourage that behavior. That if we can build our market share and build a stronger network, and a greater presence during this part of the cycle that when the market turns we should be well-positioned.
Matthew Troy - Citigroup: Okay. It was... if I look at it, it might be difficult to just aggregate. But, I mean, was this a case of throwing more resources at the core trucking business, to chase while trying to just scarce [ph] your freight at tougher rates. Or was this more investment in growth areas like ocean, air and international and some of the more longer term opportunities. Or was it really balanced.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: It was across the board. The headcount increase was in all the various business lines.
Matthew Troy - Citigroup: Okay. But out away from the headcount, also, just when you talk about, some of the investment in SG&A, other SG&A. I mean, should we think about this as just, more hustling and the more mature trucking opportunity, or an opportunity to ramp investment in the higher growth, longer term, things away from truck?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: All of the above. So, truckload business is 70% of the revenues, and about 70% of the people. Our mindset there is that we're 1% to 2% share, and there is some macro things that look like it's continuing to support our model, and continuing to drive share opportunity our way, and so we don't, we don't want a weak economy to get in the way of us pursuing that.
Matthew Troy - Citigroup: The net revenue per employee, that is a great statistic for you folks, you have to go back several years to find the quarter over assuming year-over-year decline. You did see that this quarter and I think you explained why. Is that a metric that you can manage to, to get back into the black, in the back half of the year? Is it just simply slowing sales higher, or is that a metric we should focus on in terms of your ability to measure the discretionary cost.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: It is definitely a relevant metric that in fact is probably one of the key one that drives a lot of the high range decisions. However the metrics that we really rely on are office-by-office and as we grow and diversify our service offerings the appropriate metrics by business line, by office can vary quite a bit and we don't really share those for competitive reasons. So yes it is a very relevant metric, it's one that we look at a lot, throughout the network in terms of making the appropriate staffing decisions. But the guidelines that we have are not absolutes, we allow freedom, where we think we have opportunities to pursue or business that we know we're ramping up on, that they need the flexibility there to staff up for them. So yes, it matters, yes we're managing that and it is a very important thing to follow, but there is some ranges and broader guidelines that were used to manage ourselves throughout the rest of the year.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And also was down less than 1%, and it was a tight market, with margin compression, like we talked about which both of those would were further constraint on the net revenue per head.
Matthew Troy - Citigroup: Right again that order of magnitude not a big amount, but just it sticks out because I think 2002 first quarter was the last time you saw year-over-year declines in just the infrequency. I think is what raised the flag for me. But the last question it's just, it was interesting your commentary and your allowance for doubtful accounts, what you said was up 50% half of which I think you attributed to just growth in the business, the other half due to product centric some one-off incident. Just curious, tactically operationally, how do you drill down in times like this when customers and carriers might be looking for more flexibility, might be looking to lean on your balance sheet a little bit more. What do you do just to rein in the controls a bit to make sure that it doesn't get away from you on the credit side?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, the only place that carriers owe us money is T-Check, and T-Check obviously their carriers are the customers and they did drive part of the increase Javec [ph] was a customer of T-Check and we did take a hit on Javec when went out of business and but as far as how we manage when you look at whether its those customers or the Robinson customers, we have a centralized credit function that continuously monitors customer's credit ratings and their how well they're doing financially and look at our exposure, we have some policies in place that have some ratios and some calculation, for volumes judgment at times. When you look at most of the larger right-offs we had during this quarter. Most of those we had coactively been reducing the credit limit, I can think of one example where the credit limit in the exposure about six months ago was at a $1.5 million and by the time the customer filed for chapter 11 we have managed their credit limit down to $0.5 million. So yes there are customers put a lot of pressure on you this time, they don't like it when your credit limits get cut, but those are tough decisions that you'll have to look at the potential reward versus trade-off and how poor is their financial condition and how bad is there trend?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: I think one other points that's relevant along your question is that the credit limit decisions that Chad is referencing are clearly a very important element of that broader topic that we talked a lot about in relationship building and so when our people are out selling and building those relationships with the customers, we're looking for a long-term commitment, we want to build long-term relationships and the quality of the freight and the environment that we're trying to establish with that shipper, the credit terms become one key element of that. So we're doing in this type of an environment in addition to tightening the analysis that Chad references is to make certain that we're emphasizing the long-term relationships element ever as well.
Matthew Troy - Citigroup: Right, got it. Thanks for the details.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from of Alex Brand with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Good afternoon.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: Have you guys said what's you're looking at in terms of contract versus spot now.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We have not, we've in the past stated in all of our 30,000 active customers ID's that we have about somewhere in the neighborhood of 300, customer ID's that make up roughly half of the business on the transportation side and in those larger relationship there is generally some variation of a contract or pre-priced commitments. So at times we've estimated half-and-half of being a mixture of transactional, our pre-priced and contractual business, but in virtually all of our customer relationships there can be some combination of the two, where even with those larger customers, there is transactional freight, and there is many smaller customers that we have longer term price commitments to them. I think the one relevant way to think about, contractual or pre-committed pricing is that, when prices are relatively stable, like they are now, there is less bid activity going on either way, than when rates or capacity is moving in one direction up or down. So, you can look at the underlying contractual commitments and works in place, but maybe even more important is kind of the overall market environment and how stable it is, leading to rates generally staying more constant.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: What, I guess, I'm trying to figure out. If longer term price commitments, is that what's driving unprofitable transactions? Because I'm trying to understand where do you draw that line, where you say, we can't do that unprofitable transaction for you anymore, despite the relationship we want to have with you?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I know, it's sometimes a difficult the answer to accept. But that's a very decentralized customer by customer decision, around the length of the relationship, the historic profitability of the freight and what commitments were made. So, there are relationships where we have a longer term pricing agreement, and we'll accept margin compression to the point of losing money on loads if that's the commitment we've made to the customer. And how and when, to renegotiate that commitment, and exactly what we are looking for to correct it, varies account by account.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: Okay. So, is there the distinct possibility that you're going go through a period here where because fuel is sort of the unprecedented dynamic in this cycle that you might have a higher level of unprofitable transactions than the company's ever experienced in a previous cycle?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: I wouldn't imagine that, because when we reach margin compression to the point of losing money, we generally don't tolerate that very long, unless there is a absolute contractual commitment which we... where... a must haul type, where there is volume commitments, and we have very few of those. So, it could be that there is continued pressure on margins, given fuel price changes and shipper attitudes and receptiveness towards re-pricing. But, to the degree of having very high and continued levels of shipments where we lose money that would be unlikely.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: Okay. Then, you talked about that you think you're still having market share gains. Clearly, you're doing better than the industry, but you do have tougher volume comps in the back half the year. So, how good do you feel about sort of maintaining what I think you've said before, your thought was kind of high single-digit ongoing share gain?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: I know that, we are investing as much as ever in quality people and training them and the flexibility that we allow to the network in making decisions around hiring new sales people, and building those relationships. The first half of the year showed some confidence, in being able to continue that. But I also know that market conditions change fast, and it's been a pretty wacky year so far. So, we feel pretty good about it, there is good momentum, going into the last half of the year. But, it's hard for us to know with absolute are certainly exactly what the second half of the year is going to bring.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: All right. And just one more John. When you talk about the 15% growth rate and you've said in fairness you've always said, sometime it's going to be below that. When you think about that, are you thinking about, we want to grow 15% every year or is this something where you could say, we're looking at compounded annual rates starting in '02, I mean, is there a long-term kind of base year where you say this is where we're going to measure ourselves from this point.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: So, many of our incentives plans, including restricted stock investing are all premised around the 15% growth rate, and internally our culture is that that's the definition of success. In my 16 years here, I don't really remember ever having a budget that didn't come close to that in terms of a planned growth rate. But, obviously, we haven't achieved that, in all of the years, the last 15 years or so. So, we do think of that as being our definition of success, and something that we'll strive pretty aggressively to try to get towards, regardless of what the environment is. But as we've suggested many times, as the year wears on, depending upon what's happening with freight demand and market conditioning, market conditions and overall economic growth, we may know that going into next year that it's not nearly as likely that we'll get there.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And to answer to your question, it's definitely a long-term view. And it's not that we have an exact base starting here. I think if you look at any five year or longer period, you will see that we probably achieved... I haven't done it on every year, but I believe we probably achieved on a five year basis a 15% CAGR.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: Yes, but it's probably been high --
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Going all the way back to 1977 I think is where we analyzed it back to at the IPO time.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks for the time guys.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of John Barnes with BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital: Good afternoon guys. Hey, sorry if I missed this earlier. Just kind of curious, as you look at truckload versus LTL, was there a greater degree of margin compression within truckload versus LTL or was it somewhere across the board?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: There was much greater degree of margin compression within truckload. LTL margins were relatively consistent with the year ago.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital: Okay. And in terms of your operating expenses on a go forward, you have more summer interns and that type of thing. Is that something that will ebb off in the back half I guess as internships come to a close and that type of thing? Should we see some reduction in those expenses or will they just be offset by layering in additional, maybe more full-time employees?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, it really depends on the hiring decisions are decentralized, and based on what branch managers see. John talked earlier a lot about the parameters that branches have in place and the flexibility that they have. So it's really hard to say, you're going to see headcount drop off because the summer interns go back to school. Because as long as the company continues to grow, the headcount will probably in total continue to grow.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital: Okay. You guys haven't done anything material on an acquisition in a fair amount of time. I mean with the balance sheet the way it is, and we've heard from a number of companies that acquisition multiples, valuation multiples are starting to come in at more reasonable levels. Is your appetite for the right kind of acquisitions still there? And can you just talk to what you've seen from a pipeline standpoint? And do you believe multiples have come in enough to maybe warrant getting aggressive there?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think we've gone through a period of time with the private equity, and the credit that they were able to achieve that in our industry, especially because of the strong cash flow metrics and things like that, it was very difficult for any strategic to be competitive in a bidding process. I do and we have seen and believe that multiples are coming in a little bit, but haven't seen any large transactions to prove that. But yes, we're definitely still looking for the right acquisitions. We are active in marketplace, continuously looking at deals. But we keep very strong parameters on the deals we will do both from a financial perspective and a valuation perspective as well as cultural fit, the right type of business model, focused on third party logistics, good customers relationship et cetera. So we're very... still going to maintain our level of selectivity when we're looking at acquisitions.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital: As you look at those criteria that you have, what are the two... one or two most difficult parameters to get over right now? I mean if multiples are coming in, is it the right strategic fit, cultural issues that are standing in your way or the multiples still... evaluation issues still kind of first and foremost?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I would say that in all markets, we probably killed more deals based on cultural fit and business models and things like that that we have numbers.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital: Okay.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Andwhen Chad says business model, often times that's asset commitment and different philosophies around how to service customers that we don't think will fit in our approach to serving them.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital: Sure. Speaking of asset commitment, I've asked you this question a couple times before. But just curious as to have you seen any further... any decisions within the rail industry to change kind of the asset ownership position on especially like intermodal containers? Your answer one time before had been hey, if we were four stone containers [ph] we would look at doing intermodal differently or leave that industry. Have you seen anything in that regards?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: No. No real significant changes other than that three of the four major railroads continue to make commitments that they are going to add container capacity and that they will continue to provide access from a traditional IMC method. So a lot of us expect that intermodal will continue to be a pretty relevant option for a lot of shippers going forward. So that's the topic that we're going to stay close to and try to make sure that we have competitive service offerings on all the railroads. But not a lot has changed; just a lot of discussion about what's the optimum way to access capacity and get pricing on each of the major rail relationships.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital: Okay. And lastly, as you look at capacity, and you talked about truckload being as tight as it is, you've gotten this question before about other competitors entering the market, some of the more asset intensive truckers getting into the brokerage business. As capacity gets tighter, do you feel like the competitive environment is more difficult this time around because of the new entrants into the market absorbing more capacity, making it tougher to come by or has anything really changed on that front and it's always been a competitive market?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: In the universe of what drives a tight market or a soft market, obviously, competition and a competitive market is one element of that whole thing. And it always has been a relatively competitive market. It still feels to us like the dominant variable is freight demand. When shipment levels move up or down, they move much more quickly than the capacity side and they move much more quickly than competitive adjustments. So while clearly there is evolution in the competitive factor of it, it really doesn't stick out as a lead variable in terms of what's driving the tighter loose parts of the market.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital: Okay, all right. Thanks for your time guys.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, our last question is from the line of Edward Wolf with Wolf Research. Please go ahead.
Ed Wolf - Wolf Research: Hey, thanks guys for hanging in there. This is very educational; I appreciate it. Am I right that you said that in July, the gross yields were flattish for transportation?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Gross margin percentages in July were consistent with the second quarter.
Ed Wolf - Wolf Research: Consistent with the second quarter of '08?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Correct.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The integration [ph] of the margin trend that we saw in the second quarter.
Ed Wolf - Wolf Research: Okay. And on the LTL side, they were flat with a year ago, give or take?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Correct.
Ed Wolf - Wolf Research: What's the difference... if fuel is the biggest part of the impact on squeezing yield, what's the difference between LTL and truckload? Are they not getting as much of compliance?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: I think that they get into the differences and how the services are priced with LTL companies, carriers generally, giving a longer term price commitments. I know there were several of larger LTL carriers who were significantly discounting or not applying fuel surcharges during the quarter. So the LTL relationships that we have, while there are transactional elements to them, they tend to be more automated with a little bit longer term pricing relationships.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And our truckload capacity side, we hire almost all of our capacity on a spot basis. So really, fuel is adjusting real time there. On LTL, more of our capacity is formulaic based, pre-agreed to both on the sell and the buy, it's a higher percentage of contractual pricing.
Ed Wolf - Wolf Research: Well, wouldn't you think that if you had a longer contract on the LTL side and there was more contract that when fuel spiked, you would get hurt with that more, not less? What am I missing there?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: No, I think the LTL arrangements would tend to have fuel surcharges going both ways in those contractual relationships where on the truckload side, we're purchasing all inclusive transactionally. So it wouldn't... it would pass through more seamlessly on the LTL relationships.
Ed Wolf - Wolf Research: Okay, that makes sense. Can you talk about, John, you started to talk about how in the '04 through '06 period, it was a unique period in terms of the rate increases that were going on in the marketplace? Do you get a sense that we could be entering in a period like that at the end of '08 and '09? Are things going to get that tighter? Do they feel similar to that?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: I think there is a distinct chance of that because if you look at in '04, '05, '06, what was driving the price increases, most of the carriers were attributing it first to driver shortages and the compensation that they were having to pay to attract new drivers and secondarily, to incremental cost of equipment for new OEM stuff being new emission standards, you had hours of service, a lot of those things in there. From our understanding, some of the motor carriers might have better information, but from our understanding of it, those driver demographics are still an issue. They are still emissions issues. The hours of service limits are still out there. And as capacity gets driven out of the marketplace in this soft part of the cycle and now add to that credit issues around financing questions of how capacity will return, you can build a plausible argument that there's plenty of room for continued price increases when the market starts to tighten.
Ed Wolf - Wolf Research: Did it happen as quickly do you think, this third or fourth quarter?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It certainly could start to happen. How much it could get, I don't know.
Ed Wolf - Wolf Research: Okay. Switching gears for a second, when I look at your model, depreciation as a percentage of revenue was up quite a bit at 2.6%. Can you talk a little bit to if there is anything going on there?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Part of our occupancy being the new owned building that we are sitting in right now, the headquarters, rather than having a rent expense for this building, we have depreciation. That's definitely a big part of it. When you look at our overall cap or our overall properties and equipment and look historically over the last five or six years, when you look at the net increase in the net balance on the balance sheet, the biggest drivers are real estate, both the building that we bought and refurbished a few years ago in Chicago, the land that we bought here and then building the building here.
Ed Wolf - Wolf Research: So on an absolute basis, Chad, that almost $9 million is a fair number to work off of going forward?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Ed Wolf - Wolf Research: Okay.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: This stuff is going to... this stuff that will be fully depreciated, I don't... I am looking for the $9 million number.
Ed Wolf - Wolf Research: At 8.8 million.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Of depreciation? I don't think so. The amount for the quarter was $7.7 million; year-to-date, amount is about $15 million.
Ed Wolf - Wolf Research: Okay, that's my mistake. It's our model. So that $7.7 million is a decent number going forward?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I mean it's grown from... a year ago, it was $6.6 million, the biggest chunk of the increase is this building, the building plus the furnishings within the building and the equipment within the building.
Ed Wolf - Wolf Research: Okay, now that's fair enough. I had a little typo in here; that's my mistake. And just cleaning up a couple of other things. The stock option plans that you talked about where the grants are year-end and then they start to have the impact in '09.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes
Ed Wolf - Wolf Research: Any sense of the magnitude of that? In the past... how do we think about that?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You said stock options, but it's restricted stock, just for clarity. We plan to do it at the end of the year. It's really... our best guess right now if earnings were up 15% and the grants were roughly the size we expect them to be, they might be in the magnitude of 1% of net revenues. That would be our best guess at this point, but again, there's a lot of variables that are yet to be seen.
Ed Wolf - Wolf Research: Okay. And then just final question, when you look out at your carrier base, the number of carriers are out there, have you seen enough of them go away or shrink recently that you have concerns for meeting demand as you go out the next couple of quarters?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Not concerns for meeting demand at the current levels of freight demand. But I think it ties into the earlier question that we've certainly seen enough capacity leave the marketplace that we know when freight demands rise and the market conditions change that there is going to need to be a lot of capacity that returns and there's going to be a lot of challenges around drivers and financing and equipment to make that happen. So not under the current market conditions. But I think that's... there has definitely been enough capacity leaving the marketplace that could make it interesting if freight demand returns quickly.
Ed Wolf - Wolf Research: And is there some kind of number, is it GDP at 3%, is it 2%? How do you think directionally about what that means?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We don't really look at those metrics. It's difficult because as we are trying to take market share and with each customer, you never know for certain what their total volume of freight is versus how much you are getting. And so the broader economic metrics don't really help us in the short term to try to measure that. We look at it mostly as to when we go home at the end of each day, what were the market conditions and were there more loads to move that we didn't have capacity for or the other way around? That's really how we'll start to see the change in freight demand.
Ed Wolf - Wolf Research: Okay, thanks a lot for the time. I appreciate it.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Angie Freeman - Director of Investor Relations: Unfortunately, we are out of time, so that will have to be our last question. We apologize to those of you in the queue that we could not get to you today. Thank you for participating in our second quarter 2008 conference call. I want to remind you that this call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations sections of the C.H. Robinson website at www.chrobinson.com. It will also be available by dialing 800-405-2236 and entering the passcode 11116078 #. The replay will be available at approximately 7.00 PM Eastern Time today. If you have additional questions, please feel free to call me, Angie Freeman at 952-937-7847. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the C.H. Robinson second quarter 2008 conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Angie Freeman - Director of IR John P. Wiehoff - CEO and Chairman of the Board Chad M. Lindbloom - Sr. VP and CFO
Analysts: Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Securities Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc. Jason Seidl - Credit Suisse Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch Matthew Troy - Citigroup
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson First Quarter 2008 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Tuesday, April 22nd, 2008. I would now like to turn the conference over to Angie Freeman, C.H. Robinson Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Miss. Freeman.
Angie Freeman - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, CEO and Chad Lindbloom, Senior Vice President and CFO. John will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our first quarter performance and we will follow that with a question-and-answer session. I would like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad, or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. With that, I'll turn it to over to John.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Thank you, Angie and thanks to everyone who is taking the time to listen to our first quarter conference call. About an hour ago we issued our press release sharing our results for the first quarter of 2008. I'd like to start by highlighting just a few of the key financial result on that release. For the first quarter ended March 31st of 2008 our gross revenues increased 22.6% to just under $2 billion. Our net revenues increased 13.8% to $338 million. Our income from operations increased 18% to $136 million. Our net income increased 18.3% to $86 million and our fully diluted EPS increased 19% to $0.50 a share. In that press release we've shared more details on the mix of volume, pricing and margin growth by each of the transportation modes and service offerings that we report on. So, I am not going to read those now but rather we thought what might be helpful this quarter is to discuss some of the market conditions and how they impacts several parts of our business. I'd like to start the first half, I think to share some thoughts on fuel and fuel prices and how they impact our business. We get to ask often how fuel affects our business. As most of you likely know diesel fuel prices increased very significantly during the first quarter. Fuel prices have always fluctuated and the way that Robinson adjust for fuel and how we manage our business has not changed but given the significant increases we thought it would be worthwhile to talk through several aspects of our business relating to fuel. Our transportation gross revenues increased by 26%. That gross revenue increase is made up of volume and price increases for each of the various modes of transportation as we summarized in the release. In our Truckload Transportation Services, the largest source of revenue, we discussed that our growth consisted of 15% volume and 8% price increases. Our best estimate of the impact on fuel prices on our truckload transportation is that the overall price increase of 8% would have actually declined by a couple of percent if fuel prices had remained constant to the first quarter of 2007. Fuel prices had a significant impact on our gross revenue increases for the quarter. We wanted to highlight that impact on our gross revenues as well as highlight the fact that it is an estimate on our part, given that we are a third party and we contract for or hire the underlying capacity. We cannot always be certain as to the precise cost of fuel or the pricing adjustments that the underlying providers include. While some of our shipments provide more specific fuel surcharge adjustments to the shipper or the carrier, many are priced as an all inclusive rate with no specific fuel component or adjustment. We know that the fuel was a major contributor to our increase in gross revenues for the quarter. Our transportation gross margin declined during the first quarter. At the end of 2007, we discussed the possibility of that happening this year due to the fact that we were at high-end of historic ranges for gross margin percentage during 2007. Gross margin percentages are impacted by many things including the supply and demand conditions in the market and our effectiveness in buying and routing the capacity. Fuel prices can also affect our gross margin percentages as for some portions of the business raise our adjusted for fuel through surcharge formulas. On the Transactional business, with all inclusive rates that adjust daily, we're not able to isolate any pricing of gross margin impact due to the changes in fuel prices. We can make estimates assuming pricing similar to other transactions with surcharges, however, we cannot be certain about differentiating adjustments from fuel versus other market impacts. We believe the price of fuel contributed to our declines in gross profit margins this quarter. In addition to the fuel impacts on gross revenue and gross profit margins there is also a correlating impact to our accounts receivable on working capital. The significant increase in gross revenues also drove an increase in our accounts receivable. Our accounts payable also increased this quarter but at a slower rate due to increases in quick pay and carrier advanced programs. Another impact of fuel to highlight is on our subsidiary T-check, which is recorded in the information services revenue. T-check earns transaction fee for processing and settling fuel purchases. Some of those fees are based on a percentage of the purchase and the increase in the price of fuel increases our fee income. The last thought to share around fuel is that it does impact our relationships on both the shipper and carrier side of our business in ways that are hard to quantify. We work with many of our shipper customers to do network analysis projects and help optimize the way they execute. Fuel prices and expectations of future fuel prices can affect those exercises. So, while overall transportation demand has softened the last year, shipper’s overall transportation costs have generally increased due to the price of fuel. Many truckload carriers have been challenged by profitability in the last year or so as truckload demand has slowed and pricing has softened. Many of the carriers believe the market pricing doesn't adjust quickly enough or adequately enough for them with regard to fuel prices. This can be a very emotional issue that often takes the blame for any other market driven price adjustments. These added costs associated with fuel add more stress to managing transportation for shippers, carriers and for us at Robinson. Moving on from discussion around fuel and fuel related impacts through our results, another market condition that we'd like to discuss is around the challenges in the financial community and credit availability and how those impact us. Probably the most visible impact to Robinson in the quarter was our decline in investment income of over 30%. We ended the quarter with cash and investments of a little more than $400 million. That number is fairly consistent with the previous year so the reduction was due to yield decreases. During 2007 and into the first part of the first quarter of 2008, we did have some option rate security investments. We were able to exit those investments at par and do not have any concerns around liquidity or evaluation of our investments. However, with lower interest rates on all investments and as a result of concentrating all of our cash in money markets for the majority of the first quarter, our yields were significantly less than a year ago. We continue to challenge ourselves as to what is the appropriate amount of capital to retain in running the business. As most of you are probably aware, we’ve ramped up our dividend payout rate and share repurchase levels for the past few years to stop the further accumulation of capital. We continued that approach during the quarter as you see in the results that we released. We know that the capital management is a very important part of our shareholder value premise. We talked at year-end that we plan to continue our growth initiatives this year despite some concern about the overall economy. We still believe that makes sense. We are still looking to grow and acquire businesses. And we plan to continue our current capital management approach, which is to keep our cash and investment levels relatively flat through dividends and share repurchases and remain conservative in the investment approach. The last topic for the prepared comments is with regards to our compensation programs, we discussed in our earnings release that the largest variance in our personnel cost as a percentage of net revenues relates to the variable charges in our restricted stock and other incentive programs. Our incentive plans in 2008 are consistent with the past several years and are spelled out in the proxy that we recently filed. So, none of this was new or different information, but we do recognize that our plans were maybe a little unique and so it can be helpful to discuss them. We have several different incentive plans that have variable components to them. The primary driver across most of our plans is earnings growth and earnings growth rates. As we said in our release, our earnings growth this quarter was slower than our earnings growth a year ago, resulting in less expense. Our operating income grew about 18% in the first quarter of this year. Last year our operating income grew approximately 25% for the first quarter. As a result we had less expense associated with expensing restricted stock awards that's best according to our earnings growth. While we achieved our long-term growth goal of 15%, we did not grow our earnings as fast as the previous year, resulting in less expense. Our personnel cost in each quarter are impacted based upon our growth rates compared to the previous year's periods. The other element of our restricted stock program that is perhaps unique and worth highlighting again is that our awards in the program are periodic and not annual. The impact of periodic awards is that we do have variances from year-to-year in terms of the awards that are outstanding and being earned and expensed. If you read through the details of the grants in that proxy you will see that we had significant equity grants awarded that began vesting in 2003 and in 2006. Both of these awards were communicated to our employees as intended compensation for a three-year period. Our current expectation is that we would also have additional equity awards granted later this year that would begin vesting during 2009. While it's difficult to predict due to the variable nature of the awards, it's likely that these awards would increase our personnel costs as a percentage of net revenue in future periods. So, you have got both the earnings growth rate and the amount of outstanding equity awards that have a variable impact on our compensation and incentive programs. We continue to think that our incentive and equity programs are a great way to align our motivations with shareholders. That concludes the prepared comments for the quarter and at this time we would like to open up the lines for any questions that you may have. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you Mr. Wiehoff. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we will begin the question-and-session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jon Langenfeld with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Good afternoon.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Good afternoon.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Can you talk a little bit on the intermodal trends first, intermodal versus truck? Are you seeing any differences there in terms of the type of business that's being presented to you? I know you commented a little bit about it on the press release, just like a little more color there.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: I would say probably the… another interesting element that I don't believe we mentioned in the press release is that in the intermodal arena a lot of the capacity has been aligned with international shipments. The past several years as those volumes have grown and due to the changes in currency and changes in some of the international freight flows, a lot of the intermodal freight that's aligned with that is probably a little more balanced. So, some of the impacts that we've talked about on the truck side is that certain lanes where truck and rail capacity can compete for each other that there is some variances on where truck is more competitive based on better balancing of the rail freight and alignment with better balanced international freight. So, we have seen some fluctuations in the availability of intermodal capacity and which lanes are competitive from a truck standpoint. But as we did say in the press release overall, we had very nice volume growth in intermodal and plan to continue to ramp up our offerings and capabilities for that mode.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: And are you seeing truck lanes today that are... ships are more willing to take the intermodal route because of the pricing, because of fuel what that's doing to the overall cost structure versus maybe 6 or 12 months ago?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: I can't think of specific examples where that would be true. So, I'm sure there's always lanes or instances but I wouldn't describe that as a dominating trend or something that we've observed.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Okay, okay. Fair enough. And then the transaction growth versus the headcount growth, it looks like your headcount is up in the high single digit. Transaction growth at least in truck is up 15%. Is that... can you keep that pace up or is that something over time needs to converge between the headcount growth and then transaction growth in truck at least?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: We are constantly looking... while there're several things to consider I guess when looking at that. First is those consolidated headcount numbers include a lot of support areas and international areas and stuff, so to really look at kind of the headcount to specifically to the North American truck load volume numbers, you have to kind of give it... look at in pieces that we don't disclose. But, over a long period of time, our goal is to have productivity initiatives that would allow us to have fewer people or a little bit less than the growth rate relative to the truck load shipments. 15% volume and 10% headcount that would be a pretty meaningful spread, that would be a pretty high productivity gain. So, we could certainly experience that for short periods of time and longer-term we would want that relationship to hold true, but I think longer-term productivity gains of having fewer people the spread would be a little bit closer [ph] than that.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Okay, okay. Good color. And than lastly, can you just go back a little bit in what you talked about lastly John in terms of the layering in of the additional restricted stock grants. The expense that you have on a run rate today, there're some of that expenses associated with the ’03 grants and some is associated with the ’06 grants and then if you were to give additional grants at the end of this year, by the time you get into next year then you would have basically thee layers of expenses, is that how we should look at it and that's why it would be an additional expense as a percent of revenue?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Let me let Chad talk to that one.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Great.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. The ’03 grants were fully vested by '06. So, there was a no overlap between the ’03 grants that started vesting in ’03 and the grants that started vesting in ’06 because we did have high growth rates so they fully vested within three year. The '06 grants just like the ’03 grants have up to five years to vest and again the simplified way of looking at the vesting formula is take our growth rate and earnings, add 5% to it. And that's the percentage they vest. So if we exactly meet the 15% growth in five years they would fully vest. We will not... chances are we will not be fully vested in the '06 grants before the next grant is given. So there may be two layers of grants. So the one that will be granted at the end of ‘08 that will begin investing in '09 and there will still be some... most likely still be some expense from the '06 grants.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: And that's why the percent... personnel expense as a percent of gross profit would go up because there are two layers in there versus the one?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Yes, it is very difficult to know with certainty, if it will go up because the expensing is dependent on earnings growth.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Yes.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: And how much it will go up, there we have two different variables because we don't know our earnings is going to be next year and we currently don't know the size of the grants that will be granted at the end of the year.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Got it. Okay, thanks for the color, nice quarter.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Justin Yagerman with Wachovia Securities. Please go ahead.
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: Hi, good afternoon, John, Chad and Angie. How are you doing?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Good.
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: I guess you alluded to it but can you give a little bit more color on how many shares you guys bought back in the quarter and at what price?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Sure, we bought back 780,000 shares at $53.71.
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: 780,000 at $53.71?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Yes.
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: Okay. And when you think about dividend yield relative to what you were talking about in terms of managing the capital on your balance sheet, is there a targeted yield that you are looking to stay at or is there a level of cash that you're just kind of... you are going to make sure you are either using share buybacks or the dividend as a way for you to manage that cash level? I mean, how do you guys think about how much is allocated towards the dividend and is there a thresholds there, I guess to be more clear? And then I guess excess gets allocated to the share buybacks, is that the right way to think about it?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Yes, we have, for the past three or four years we've had a targeted dividend payout ratio, so we don't manage it to yield, we manage it to a percentage of earnings and our targeted payout ratio is 40%. So, we view that as a less flexible way to adjust the amount of cash returned to shareholders and use the share repurchase as a more flexible way that will flex up and down given cash needs and cash flows. So, we look at our share purchases quarterly and adjust those quarterly. We adjust our dividend annually the amount but it's based on a consistent policy.
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: Understood. Do you rethink that policy in the context of what we are experiencing in the credit markets currently where you discussed that your yields on investments aren't giving you what you historically looked for?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: We are... we do consistently analyze and discuss how much cash we should carry on the balance sheet. And as we talked about many times there are some advantages to having the cash, and yes, right now with yields lower it's less attractive to shareholders to sit on cash. But we think we will continue to analyze it and we may change the policy in the future. But it's difficult to predict.
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: Okay. Switching focus, looking at volume growth in the quarter, continuing impressive trends off of the results you posted in Q4, obviously significant acceleration on a year-over-year basis for volume growth, can you give a little bit more color around that? Was it more in the truckload side, on the less than truckload side, was it generally across the board? And maybe underlying that is that a bigger driving force because of the price that you are able to offer, your customers, given the capacity that you're tapping or is it an increased flight of that capacity towards your platform, which outsources some of their back-office needs? How are you thinking about this increased volume growth that you're experiencing, especially given that that’s likely market share in such a weaker environment?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Well, there were a lot of good questions buried in there. I guess, for starters, we did put in the press release that our LTL transaction or volume growth was around 30% and the truckload was around 15%. So there was variances in volume growth rate by the different modes and similar to what we discussed at year-end, even within the truckload category, some of the areas like flatbed that we've been concentrating on more and building our expertise in the last few years grew faster than the average truckload rate. So, yes, there is variances across it. A lot of the things that we discussed on our last call, kind of going into 2008, I still think are probably the laundry list of reasons as to why we feel we were successful at growing our volume when the industry probably isn't growing in overall volumes. And it starts with kind of the long-term relationship commitments and what we're doing to hopefully better understand our shippers and our carriers from an account management standpoint and working with them to try to help manage rising fuel cost and sourcing capacity. There is a lot of tension and turmoil because of fuel and different things in the marketplace. So we just believe that as a long-term focus, having good people, building the relationships, offering a greater menu of services and choices around modes and different processes and we didn't go back to it because we beat on it pretty hard at year end and in our last call that it's really just the accumulation and we believe it's the accumulation and tying together of all of that that's allowing us to be successful.
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: Yes. You had an interesting comment in both your prepared remarks and in the press release that higher fuel, you believe contributed to the lower year-over-year gross margins. And I just kind of wanted to ask you I guess that's a factor of either... well, first of all fuel being higher and so fuel surcharge is going to be higher, but is there an aspect of paying more fuel surcharge to your broker carrier partners given how much hurt there is on those guys in this type of an environment?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: I think the biggest point that we're trying to emphasize is that for a lot of our volume and in a transactional marketplace the impacts of fuel and the impacts of the market get blurred together. And so therefore, like I said in the prepared comments, we're making estimates. But if you start... mechanically it really doesn't work this way but if you just say, hey there is huge increases in fuel that we are billing to customers and paying to carriers and passing through, billing and paying all those dollars would pass through a lot without any incremental margin and lower your gross margin percentage. There are some ways that you can sort of prove that if you have matching fuel surcharge formulas that would be a pure pass through, but in practice we have very little of that whereas actually aligned like that. So, you are actually making assumptions about what's happening to fuel and what's happening to rates on both sides of it. In the long term you have to assume that it's an operating cost just like every other element of transportation and is going to adjust and pass through. In the short-term, both sides of the equation feel like ... fuel is the thing that is easiest to focus on for being a reason why you are unhappy with the rate or your return or your yield or any of those sort of things. So, it's tough to isolate the impact of it especially from our vantage point into the market but we try to give a flavor for the fact that it is significant and it does kind of roll through a lot of different impacts or aspects of our financials.
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: So if I'm understanding you correctly, I mean it's almost like the sourcing business where as commodity prices go up and the dollar value of the transactions may be higher. So you may have a bigger dollar value falling to the bottom line but your margin gets down a little bit?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Absolutely. And it's precisely why for the last 10 years that we've been a public company that we have said probably net revenues or gross profits is a better focal point of the true growth rate because the price of broccoli and the price of fuel affects our gross revenues in very difficult to anticipate ways and maybe isn't the best measure of the value that we are adding.
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: Okay. That makes a lot of sense. And then I guess from a carrier perspective, are you doing an increased amount of business with more carriers in this environment or are you doing, I mean, I'm not really trying to get at the capacity issue, I am actually curious if you're seeing more carriers blocked to your platform in this environment because of the back office and kind of accounts receivables management that you guys offer.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: We continue to see a lot of new carriers signing up to our network, the challenge for us is that we also see a lot of carriers dropout. There are bankruptcies that we know of, there are carriers that just don't do business with us anymore. So, for any one short period of time like even a quarter it's difficult to really gauge, but there is no question that we are signing up hundreds of new carriers each month and feel like we do have a pretty appealing platform for them to get access to freight and cash advances and for fuel in different aspects of it. So we feel as good as ever about what we are offering the carrier community and our ability to attract new ones. But we also know that it's a tough environment out there right now and so we can't ensure financial success for everybody who we work with but we think we have a good program.
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: Okay. Well, thanks for the time guys. I appreciate it as always.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Thomas Wadewitz. Please go ahead with your question.
Thomas Wadewitz - J.P. Morgan: Yes, good evening. Hi John, hi Chad.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Hi.
Thomas Wadewitz - J.P. Morgan: Let's see, I wanted to see if I could try to get my arms around the strong growth you're seeing in the volume side amidst what seems to be such a weak market and maybe if you could provide some thoughts of how this time around you are able to grow in such a weak market. If I look back at 2001 and 2002 you're probably still taking a lot of share but gross revenue growth in transportation was more on the order of 8% to 9% and so what do you think is really different this time around versus '01, '02 on the volume growth side?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: I think it's probably a lot of little things or maybe a lot of things that add together. There is no question that we have a more established reputation in the marketplace today that our scale and offerings are more substantial than they were ten years ago or seven years ago or whatever. We also know that there probably are different attitudes in the carrier communities these days about who is adding capacity and even financing availability for medium and large carriers to add a lot of equipment might be different than it was during that period of time. So there could be some underlying shifts in make-up of the capacity in terms of who is more inclined to work with us. I know that, a part of our equation for growth is whether our people and our systems can be part of the answer for a shipper rather than doing it themselves. And it's tough to measure that aspect of it. But I know that most companies aren't anxious to add people or spend money on technology today and we are. We are making that investment so that hopefully we can help out the customers with it. So that whole outsourcing aspect has a lot of different angles and matured aspects to it. And there is probably a bunch of other things but I don't think you can put your finger on one thing. We believe it's a bunch of things like that that all wrapped up in that long-term focus that I talked about before of continuing to open new offices and invest in new services and tie it all together.
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: Okay. That's helpful. I appreciate that. I mean I guess the next step to that chain of logic would be if you're able to sustain this high level of volume growth in truckload in LTL then perhaps you wouldn't see a slowing in earnings growth like you did if you go back to 2002, I think you had about 10% earnings growth which is great but that's a bit... obviously a bit slower than you typically see. So do you think it's reasonable to think that maybe you wouldn't see the dip in earnings growth to the extent you did last time?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: I think it's really hard to predict that. And you know the big wildcard in all of this is the freight demand and what's happening in the economy. And I don't remember in '01 and '02 exactly what freight volume and demands were doing quarter-by-quarter. But one of the things that I think has been pointed out across the industry quite a bit that even though there is some difficult things going on in the economy and the environment the best data that we have is overall volumes are not that far down like low single digits. So you could see scenarios where overall freight demand and shipment levels drop quite a bit more or you could see where they rebound back up through the remainder of the year. And I think without kind of getting very specific quarter-by-quarter or understanding that that's probably the biggest wild card in this that's going to drive the future results and where the earnings actually go. And it's so hard to predict.
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: Right, okay. That's helpful. Well, there is one... the one last one, if I can here, on the impact of expected capacity reduction, have you seen any early impact on your gross margin from that? It kind of sounds like you haven't, but if the capacity really starts to leave the market given how difficult it is for the truckload carriers right now, that might be something which would put a little further pressure on the gross margin later this year. What would your thoughts be on that topic?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Carrier failures or carriers stress will ultimately be part of the correction process where the overall capacity shrinks and then like I just said the biggest variable or movement in that thing will be the freight demand. And I don't know when, but at some point freight demand will probably jump back up and depending upon just how much capacity reduction there has been and how much strain there has been, you will see price increases or shortages of capacity. And we.. what we have seen to date is we know that some carriers have been unable to make it. We know that many of them are taking more advantage of quick pay programs or cash advances for fuel and that... it's not as easy to be successful or profitable as it was a year or two ago. As far as how and when that carrier failure rate will become a bigger impact to us or the market are ultimately drive those supply and demand pricing corrections. It's probably more dictated by the freight levels or the demand, that's the more volatile piece.
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: Okay. Great. Well, congratulations on the strong results and thank you for the time.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from the line of Alex Brand with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: Thanks. Hi, guys and Angie.
Angie Freeman - Director of Investor Relations: Hello.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Hi, Alex.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: Let me just do housekeeping. First, the tax rate, Chad, is it going to stay this low at under 38%, you think?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I think our overall effective rate we used to talk about what we expect it to be between 38% and 38.5%, probably move that down to 37.5% to 38%. Illinois, which is a state where we have a lot of people and a lot of business change the way that they are apportioning incomes and how much ends up in Illinois, and the change in Illinois had a big favorable impact to us of between a half and three quarters of a percent on our overall effective tax rate.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: Okay. And what about... what's the approximate percentage of the LTL’s total truck?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's still around 10% or a little bit more than 10% and again that's based on what we know as pure LTL that moves on LTL carriers. We also internally classify some of our other businesses, LTL, where we are consolidating and moving on a truckload carrier.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: Okay. And your favorite question every quarter, was there any sort of trend throughout the quarter progression that we should be aware of?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Nothing material when you look at it one a day-by-day basis. March finished strong like March is always the strongest month of the quarter. But from a growth perspective over the previous March the growth was no greater than it was in the earlier month.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: Okay. And then I think I understand on the cost side of the equation, on the labor side you have a variable incentive comp plan. So stock comp comes down and that's the way your model works. But on the SG&A I guess, I'm not exactly clear, what's the investment, I mean, is there a level of SG&A ramp up that you are going to go through for the balance of this year or is this going to kind of level off --?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: The investment is things like new offices, new systems those sorts of things that tend to correlate more. We had more meetings and more travel, I think our people are outselling and traveling, our T&E. Travel and entertainment was up pretty meaningful. So, you put that sort of thing together and basically we're adding people, we're adding locations, we're adding occupancy and taken on more space and a lot of those expenses tend to correlate more with volume, then margin. So we think this was kind of a high quarter in terms of our percentage but... I don't know, Chad if have any thoughts about what the percentage will level off during the year. But, I think it's important to understand that many of those expenses are driven by our investment in the network and growing out the physical locations.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, we do have approximately 20% more square feet than we did a year ago as an example. So it’s just based on the timing of when the leases come up and when people add people. So every time we take on a new lease, it obviously take on significant growth space. We added our new headquarters building six months ago. So we are halfway through cycling that into the expense.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: Okay. And what are you guys seeing in terms of interest in shippers to lock up capacity. Is that… the bid actively moving towards, give us, two to three years now before capacity comes out?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: I have heard a couple of those types of request where people are considering locking in to longer-term contracts. But as we've talked many times before, those contracts are probably only as good as the relationships that you have because if market conditions change a lot over the next couple of years, you still have to hope that you can actually execute under those rates so that the capacity will actually show up and move your freight. So I think more than ever there is a lot of discussion about what's going on in the market trying to manage fuel prices. Some trend certainly towards longer-term price commitments, but not anything dominant by any stretch.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: And John, you've kind of answered a number of questions about capacity and gross margins, but what do you think the model does if you are in a situation where capacity is coming out and that your volumes are weakening? Is there an offset there or do you just have to get squeezed and sort of write through it?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: We make it squeezed a little bit. Part of... it's interesting as we have been analyzing and digesting our results for the last couple of years. In some respect the supply and demand and margin expansion and contraction is very similar and very comparable to what's happened in the past. We’ve talked the last two years about price increases being higher than any time since deregulation. I don't think we've never seen a quarter with fuel prices moving this dramatically and so it's hard to understand exactly what impact those had and how it will change. So if the economy gets real soft and volumes are declining and capacity is leaving and our margin are contracting, yes, that could be a tough environment for us that we just have to write out for a period as you say. But there are a lot of moving parts in the supply and the demand and the pricing and the rates and the fuel and shipment levels that... there are a lot of moving parts to what each period is going to look like.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: Fair enough. Thanks a lot guys.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jason Seidl with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Jason Seidl - Credit Suisse: Good evening, guys. Chad, quick question for you. I know you mentioned, I think I missed it. Your changes in operating elements in your cash flow line, could you remind us again why it went from cost of, what do you say $41 million to about $80 million?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, a lot of it, the balance of our accounts receivable is generated based on gross revenues. So the price of fuel and the fact that gross revenues are up 0.6% for transportation and 22% overall or 23% overall, definitely grew the bulk of the increase in receivables. And then also when you look at the fourth... or the first quarter days of sales outstanding compared to a year-ago we lost to date, March compared to March. So instead of being at 45 days or at 46 days. So again we feel really good about our ageing and the quality of our receivables but people aren’t paying on an average about a day slower than they were last year's first quarter.
Jason Seidl - Credit Suisse: Okay, that's fair enough.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And then also the payables did not grow as fast as receivables because as John mentioned that in his prepared remarks that people are taking more advances [inaudible] and a big part of that is because they need money for fuel to allow their driving instead of being able to wait till [inaudible].
Jason Seidl - Credit Suisse: My next question just relates to some of the... the truckload volume is obviously 15%, still pretty good. We heard a truckload carrier today just talk about how they needed to reduce their percentage of broker business and that they are already starting to do that. Do you think that's something that may be pervasive out there in the truckload industry looking to reduce a little bit of exposure to the brokerage business to keep some of it more in-house?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: I think each carrier probably has their own philosophy as to what’s desirable freight and so that would vary carrier by carrier. Obviously, we are seeing increases with some carriers and not with others. I think often times as I tried to allude to in my prepared comments, terms like brokerage freight probably means a little bit different things to different people because oftentimes people are referencing brokered freight as transactional freight that may be is at a more current market rate which may not be as desirable as the contractual rate that they locked into a year ago. And so the market pricing and whether or not there is an itemized fuel competent, all of those can factor into the perception or the interpretation of the desirability of the freight. So a big part of what we focus on is we won't use that label as a category of freight. It's really more about what the commitment to the customer is and what the pricing arrangement is. And I think most carriers are realizing that for parts of the market the market is soft and rates are dropping but fuel prices are rising and so how you route your equipment and the freight that you accept and how you look at the economics of your business has to adjust for those variables.
Jason Seidl - Credit Suisse: And just sort of add on to your comment there that the parts of market you are seeing prices drop, could you tell us the end markets where you are seeing prices dropping, because we have seen, I guess an overall sort of leveling off of the price declines out there in the marketplace, at least from some data that we've been looking at, on the truckload side.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: A - John P. Wiehoff>: I don't really have any good color in terms of what regions or lanes. For us our business is pretty widespread and I don't really have any examples or specifics around where it may have softened. But I do know that because of rail impacts and because of produce seasons and different fluctuations in supply and demand, many of which are sort of repetitive of seasonality from other years it changes lane by lane all the time. So it's hard to isolate any one piece of it.
Jason Seidl - Credit Suisse: Okay, fair enough. Everyone, thanks as always, for the time.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ken Hoexter with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good afternoon. Chad, just on the tax rate, is that a permanent shift on the Illinois shift that you were talking about?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And I’ll say change the tax law again, yes, they basically made a permanent switch. It used to be... they used to apportion revenue based on where the people thought that we're generating the revenue and they changed it so where the goods or services are consumed. We have a greater percentage of our people sitting in Chicago than we do freight terminating in... or terminating in Illinois, I should have said Illinois both times, but Chicago is the biggest part of it.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Just a couple of numbers question. Your employers actually were up 9%, almost 10% in the quarter on a year-over-year basis, it accelerated the rate of increase. There were no acquisitions in the number though right, this was a clean quarter?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: There were acquisitions... there was an acquisition during the year last year. So, if you're looking at the first quarter compared to first quarter, those heads would be in there.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: But I guess it accelerated the rate of increase even if I look at fourth quarter, which they would have been on a year-over-year basis, it looks like the --?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: There was no acquisition in the first quarter if that's your question.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Yes. But then if I take that one step further and I look at the net revenue per employee and I think the first question was asking something like this. But your net revenue per employee slowed to like a 3.5% growth rate. So it's still growing but at a decreasing rate I guess slowing utilization. There you always say hiring is always a local decision. I mean I guess how do you look at that in looking at the kind of the additional net revenues slowing at such a decelerating rate?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: I already talked about for a long period of time on how long term it's going to take more employees to do more net revenue and we are going to try to gain efficiencies. But we expect that our heads will grow close to our transaction or volume, or our net revenue numbers. So, when you look at it on quarter-by-quarter basis, it's going to fluctuate around based on how many offices are ahead on hiring, versus behind on hiring. So, it's going to be variable, it's not going to be constant. But the trend is they'll take more people, they do more business. But hopefully we can become more efficient also.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Okay, last question I have is on the buyback, you talked a lot about the cash before. Why did you have such a pullback on the buyback if your theme is to use that fluctuating cash? I know you said you like to have cash on the balance sheet but once you're topping $350 million, you slowed it down from the mid 40s down to low $30 million buyback level?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. If I remember right in the fourth quarter, we bought back 800,000 shares and we bought back 780,000 this year or this quarter.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Okay. So it's more, from your point of view it's not a dollar amount, it's a number of shares?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We just... well, we started with the dollar amount and then back into how many shares we think that's going to be. But I think on the cash flow statement, it always shows net share repurchases. So, the different part of the difference there might be how many shares were issued is through incentives. How many people exercised stock options basically.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Okay, okay understood. Thank you Chad.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ed Wolfe with Wolfe Research [ph]. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks, good afternoon guys.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Hi, Ed.
Unidentified Analyst: Couple of things. How much of the 23% gross revenue growth would you say is attributed to fuel? You said a lot of it John but I didn't get a number or an estimate or a direction?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Well, if you take the largest revenue category of truckload services, the breakdown was 15% volume and 8% price and the component of price that was attributable to fuel was more than the 8%. It would have actually been down. So, if my math is correct, I would say about 40% of that growth in our largest category came from fuel.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, the fuel impact of per mile truckload rates was something between... right around 9%. I also know that fuel went up on ocean as well, probably close to that same number as a percent?
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And probably in that 8%, 9%, 10% range.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. That's helpful. If I look at the 130 basis point of year-over-year gross yield deterioration, how much of that would you say is fuel and how much of that’s tighter capacity than a year ago? You had mentioned some bankruptcies and things like that, John?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: That part is indecipherable.
Unidentified Analyst: Would you say there is some part that's beyond fuel?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Yes. It's the gas, but yes.
Unidentified Analyst: And when you mention bankruptcies, are you seeing that that's actually getting worse, it's getting harder to find capacity or the number of carriers in your stable is going down or is it not changing that dramatically, directionally in the last couple of months?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: We were able to find capacity for whatever freight commitments that we had. So it's not accelerating to the point of making it more difficult at this point, for us to find capacity which is anecdotally and interacting with our branch network, they were seeing more carriers that they had been doing business with dropping out of business or filing bankruptcy because of continued challenges with profitability.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: But we used roughly the same number of different carriers in the first quarter of '08 compared to the fourth quarter of '07. So there is definitely some churn in there but it's still just thousands and thousands of different carriers that move our freight.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. And from a shipper’s perspective, are the shippers starting to seek more contractual versus transactional moves. Are you seeing any change in that split?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Nothing dramatic. As I mentioned the earlier, some shippers are being more assertive about looking for a longer-term contractual commitment, trying to take advantage of what might be the low point in the market or at least some price reductions compared to a short while ago. But I think most people are understanding that its a challenging market and it's going to be a volatile market and they are just trying to focus on better processes, better information, and long-term relationships.
Unidentified Analyst: Are you not seeing a bunch of people looking for a long-term commitments or anything like that all of a sudden? : No, I mean, most shippers had always worked on some sort of an annual bid process and looking for 12-month rates. Most shippers do not have a set time when they do those bids they'll do them periodically. So as we've said over the last year or so, there certainly has been an acceleration in the number of bids that you see in the last four or five quarters relative to the years before that. Most shippers don't want to go out for bid when rates are rising because it's an opportunity for everybody to adjust upward on them. When rates are softening, you’ll see an overall increase in the level of bid activity. So that would be true. But we have not seen a wholesale shift towards people looking for more than a year or an all out philosophy change in terms of types of price commitments or contracts they're looking for.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Just changing gears, intermodal volumes, why are they so strong and why such a squeeze on pricing? And does that have to do with not owning the containers, do you think or controlling the containers?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Changes in available capacity are definitely one element of it. So we... say the market if you will, or source capacity from public equipment or rail equipment. So there is definitely a variable associated with that but I would say that probably the primary driver is just our increased sales activity and market penetration of working with higher volume shippers and those higher volume contracts tend to come at more aggressive pricing.
Unidentified Analyst: So an internal drive to get the volume, it sounds like, is that fair?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. When I look at your interest income, I am backing into you are making about 0.6% in the money market. Should we think about that for the rest of the year or at some point do you get a little more aggressive with that money?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Part of it is 100% on cash, it's on the balance sheet, is an earning interest I think in a given point in time. Also if you're just looking at the... our yield is higher than that. That's what I am trying to get across because when you look at the end of the year's balance and then the end of the quarter on an average then that doesn't work in the first quarter because we pay out significant bonuses and profit sharing in January. So our balance gets way down and then comes back up. But as far as the yields being lower, yes, they are definitely lower than last year. We went ultra-conservative during the first quarter and we were all the way back into treasuries for a while and now we are starting to get slightly more aggressive, we are going back into some unibonds and some uni money markets. So it should bring the yield up a little bit.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, that makes sense. And you expect the capital, the working capital come back positive this quarter despite the one-day fewer, I guess, a fewer day probably helps you with Easter?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: It's very difficult to predict exactly where our working capital is going to end up. It depends on volume growth, it depends on timing of business within a quarter. As you know, in the fourth quarter, the last week was the slowest week, the last two weeks. So, our working capital really gets... looks really good when you compare it to the whole quarter's gross revenues. In the first quarter is the busiest week. So part of the ramp up is due to that. As far as over a whole year period of time it is going to fluctuate up and down but consistent with previous years it is going to depend on timings of days or the week and many other things.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. One last knit pick, it's hard to knit pick on your quarter, but I'm going to try. The SG&A up 70 basis points year-over-year as a percentage of revenue while personnel expenses were improved to 70 [ph]? Is there any reclassification or anything that's different here that we should think about ongoing?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: There is no real reclass at all when we cover some of the SG&A expenses that were growing faster than net revenues earlier. Our operating expense categories are consistent between those two lines the previous year.
Unidentified Analyst: So why is the SG&A 70 bps whereas we haven't seen that from SG&A for some time?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We covered it earlier, occupancy, travel and entertainment, some provisions for receivables associated with volume growth. There is probably 40 different categories that we go through there, many of which are discretionary that we had more manager meetings and traveled more during this quarter probably than any time during our history. So a lot of it is just... I guess I'd like to summarize them as investments in the business that we are building out the network of offices and investing in the relationships, opening new offices, putting in new data lines, buying new servers and new headquarters all those sort of things.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. All good. Thanks a lot. I appreciate the time.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from the line of Matt Troy with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Matthew Troy - Citigroup: Yes. I wanted to circle back on the acquisition front and your focus on optimizing capital. I was curious to hear your thoughts in the potential deal pipeline given the lack of private equity interest in the pinch of a slower economy and higher fuel costs. You had seen a greater number of opportunities and more reasonable valuations and your due diligence we would be more opportunistic if the environment is a bit more favorable and where do you see yourself and see your profits [ph] getting the most return or [inaudible] bank for your M&A buck if we think about where you might be doing potential deals on a go-forward basis.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: I think for the last couple of years we've talked about the fact that while we are open in all of our different strategies and growth areas that probably the biggest bank comes from getting into geographic territories where we don't have a strong presence today. So building out the global forwarding network and being able to open offices and offer services in parts of the world like Europe and Asia where we don't have any presence today. If we can get a good return on a stand-alone investment as well as strengthen our network by adding additional competency to it and additional locations to it is probably on the top of the hierarchy of where we think we can get a good return. But beyond that we will look for pure market share, opportunities in truckload and intermodal or any of the other services that we offer just where we think we can add to the team through better people and better relationships. So we've had a fairly, I would say, in terms of the volume of deal flow that may have remained relatively constant but certainly there is a change in the marketplace in terms of pricing expectations and competitive attitudes on deals, probably fewer kind of roll-ups going on, if you will, with financial buyers and stuff. So, our hope is that we would see more deals that we can get completed in the future.
Matthew Troy - Citigroup: Do you have any kind of bandwidth restriction or bookings for deal size? I know fit is foremost, but is there a ceiling or theoretical limit in terms of size we should think about, roughly?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: No.
Matthew Troy - Citigroup: Okay. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Angie Freeman - Director of Investor Relations: We cannot get to all the questions today. Thank you for participating in our first quarter 2008 conference call. This call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the C. H. Robinson website at www.chrobinson.com. It will also be available by dialing 800-405-2236 and entering the pass code 11111110#. The replay will be available at approximately 7 PM Eastern Time today. If you have additional question please call me, Angie Freeman at 952-937-7847. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Angie Freeman - Director of IR John P. Wiehoff - CEO and Chairman of the Board Chad M. Lindbloom - Sr. VP and CFO
Analysts: Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Securities Michael Halloran - Robert W. Baird Edward M. Wolfe - Bear, Stearns & Co. Tom Wadewitz - JP Morgan Jason Seidl - Credit Suisse Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch David Campbell - Thompson Davis & Company Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the C.H. Robinson fourth quarter 2007 conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today's presentation, instructions will be given for the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a remainder, this conference is being recorded, Tuesday, January 29, 2008. Now, I would like to turn the conference over to Angie Freeman, C.H. Robinson, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead Ms. Freeman.
Angie Freeman - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, CEO and Chad Lindbloom, Senior Vice President and CFO. John will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our fourth quarter and full-year performance, and we will follow that with a question-and-answer session. I would like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad, or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management’s expectations. With that, I will turn the call over to John.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Thank you Angie and thanks to everybody who is taking the time to listen to our fourth quarter conference call. About an hour ago, we sent our press release that shares our results for the fourth quarter and year-to-date of 2007. I would like to start by highlighting just a couple of the key financial metrics that you see on that release. For the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2007 our gross revenues increased 18.8% to $1.9 billion. Our net revenues increased by 15.9% to $322 million. Our income from operations increased 20.4% to $132 million for the quarter. Net income increased 18.7% to $85 million. And fully diluted EPS increased by 19.5% to $0.49 per share. Our year-to-date numbers for all of 2007, our gross revenues increased 11.6% to just over $7.3 billion. Our net revenues increased 14.9% to $1.2 billion. Our income from operations increased 22% to $509 million for the year. Net income increased by 21.5% to $324 million. And our fully diluted EPS increased by 21.6% to $1.86 per share for 2007. Overall, we were very happy with our fourth quarter results. We exceeded our long-term growth target of 15% in all of the financial metrics that I just referenced, despite the fact that market conditions in a lot of our service offerings presented some challenges. During the fourth quarter for the first time in a while our gross revenue growth exceeded the growth rates of our net revenues. The press release that we sent out gives some details by each of the service offerings to help explain the drivers of that, however, I want to highlight a few of the more significant factors. Significant fuel price increases for the quarter was one contributing item, a decline in truckload gross profit margins and higher commodity prices for some items in our Sourcing business. We’ve discussed many times before that given the variety of ways that we price our services that it is not possible for us to be precise in the impact of fuel, however, we can't quantify the impact in some areas and we can estimate it in others. We do know that we experienced significant fuel cost increases in all the modes of transportation during the quarter, which helped to drive gross revenue increases. For about a year now, we have been stating that our gross profit margins for truckload services were at the high-end of the range based upon our historical experience. We did see a slight decline in gross margin percentages for the fourth quarter of 2007 compared to the fourth quarter of 2006. The primary driver of our growth for the fourth quarter of 2007 was the volume growth in our North America truckload offerings. Overall, volume growth was in the mid-teens. And as a reminder, the way we report in our truck services, that category includes all forms of truckload services, which would include dry van, flatbed, refrigerated, as well as less than truckload and European truckload services. Volume growth for the truckload services category was in the mid-teens. The growth for the individual components of the truck category did vary, however, we believe that we were able to grow our market share of transaction volumes in all of the services by growing our volume when industry data suggest that overall volume and demand was generally close to flat or down for some of the services. I will talk more in my 2007 year-to-date comments about our volume growth and why we believe we were able to achieve those results. Also during the fourth quarter of 2007, we were able to grow our earnings faster than our net revenues. There is a variety of contributing factors to us leveraging our earnings growth. Most of them are consistent with the previous quarters and we've discussed them in the past. A primary contributor during the fourth quarter and during all of 2007 was our variable incentive plans, including our equity awards, which reward growth. While our total personnel expense for the fourth quarter of 2007 increased by more than $15 million from the fourth quarter of 2006, it did represent a lower percentage of our net revenues allowing us to grow our operating income at 20%. We think our incentive plans do a great job of balancing employee and shareholder rewards. Those are my prepared thoughts specifically addressing the quarter. So, moving to some prepared thoughts or comments for the 2007 year-to-date results. Again, the press release details some of the computation and actual results for the year-to-date similar to some of the previous numbers that I highlighted. When you look at our results for the year, I think there is a couple of themes worth mentioning. The first one that I want to talk a little bit about is our long-term focus. We think the results for all of 2007 were pretty solid, just like we felt good about the fourth quarter. Even though we didn't grow as fast as some recent years, given the overall market conditions in the fourth quarter and for all of 2007, in some ways our achievements this year may have been harder to do accomplish than previous years. For those of you who follow our story, we talk a lot about our long-term focus. Examples of that would include the fact that we focus only on long-term earnings growth goals. We want to build long-term relationships with our customers and carriers. Our incentive plans have very long-term components to them. We are taking a longer-term approach to building out the global network. I could go on with a lot more examples, but it's a very defining part of our culture that we try to stay very focused on the long-term. When you look at the 2007 results, our team worked really hard to execute and deliver the 2007 results, but it is also pretty clear that when you study it that the foundation that we laid in previous years and decisions that were made in the past were really what enabled the growth during 2007. The fact that we were investing in people and relationships, building systems, we opened new offices, went into a lot of new services and new parts in the network, all of those things were in place and really helped us grow in a tough market during 2007. Robinson has always tried to keep focus on the long-term, we think we are still doing that today, and we think it really helps us to stay focused and execute in all market conditions. I don't believe that we really did anything radically different this year. We just stayed focused on our plan of selling and executing, and we think we were able to do pretty well in what were generally tougher conditions. Another component of our long-term approach is our balance sheet. A lot of people challenge us periodically as to why we don't consider more aggressive financial leverage or capital management and the way we run the business. We think it's always been a competitive strength for Robinson that our customers and carriers can count on us being there for the long-term with full investments and resources to grow in all market conditions. So, as economic uncertainty escalates and economic challenges cause others to have to scale back, we think we are in great position to continue to invest in our people and our network with new offices, new technologies, keep looking at acquisitions, keep offering quick pay programs to our carrier partners, and a lot of other investments like that, that help us grow and reinforce our commitments to be there in all markets. Having a long-term focus is a big part of the success and we think that really made a difference in 2007. Also when looking at 2007, another theme that we would like to highlight is our diversification of services. While our primary source of revenue continues to be North American truckload services, we've worked hard to find new ways to serve customers and suppliers. We continue to expand our capabilities within all the truckload offerings, while developing some high service offerings and other modes and services. We think there are more ways today that we can help our customers than ever before and it gives us a lot of opportunities to grow our business. So, when we are out in the marketplace selling, we think the diversification of our services and capabilities has helped us be effective in all market cycles by having a lot of different things to offer and we think that was also a contributor in 2007. Having a long-term focus, diversifying our services, having good people, a lot of these are consistent themes that we've talked about in the past, but we think they really made a difference for us in 2007. Lastly, a few prepared thoughts on 2008 before I open it up to questions. As most of you know, we do not give specific quantified guidance for future periods other than our long-term growth goal of 15%. Our goal is that we want to share with you how we are thinking and what we believe our business will do in varying environments. So, here are some thoughts I will share with you within that framework. First is that, we're going to continue that long-term approach. We plan to continue opening offices and hiring people regardless of the economic environment. We do adjust the hiring rate based upon productivity metrics and growth rates, but we think it's as good time as any to continue to invest in our network and our people. We plan to open five to ten new offices and we'll continue to look to use our capital to make the right kind of acquisitions to add new people, new expertise, new services, and new geographies to the team. While our long-term growth goal remains 15%, we know that our actual growth rates in the past and our future growth rates will continue to fluctuate given the market conditions and the business fluctuations that occur. Sometimes, the markets will make achieving the goals easier and sometimes it will be a little more difficult. We've talked in the past that our growth in truckload services is driven by three things, our volume growth, our pricing, and our gross margin percentages. As I mentioned earlier, we feel pretty good about the strength of our offerings today and our momentum to find ways to help customers. We will continue to sell and build on these relationships to try to grow our volume. We are going to work hard to continue to capitalize on that momentum. A portion of our truckload volume continues to be unplanned or transactional freight opportunities. A current weakness in the US economy and related freight demand makes growing that portion of our volume more challenging, but we have good opportunities to grow all of our truckload services in more contractual ways. After several years of generally seeing price increases, the softening of demand in the past 18 months has caused flat to declining prices going into 2008 for most of our services. While nobody knows for sure what the supply and demand relationship will do in 2008, the current market as we see it for pricing is soft with decreases more likely than increases. As far as gross margin percentages goal, while we did see some decline in the fourth quarter of 2007, we do generally remain towards the high-end of our historic ranges. We do have some risk for continued decline in gross margin percentages for 2008, as we will continue to the comparative periods where our margins where at the high-end of the range. Putting those comments and data points together, we continue to feel very confident about our long-term approach, relationships, and the market penetration of our services and business model. However, it is no secret that market conditions around demand and relating pricing are fairly soft right now and we'll continue to feel some of those impacts during 2008. Those are our prepared thoughts and with that we would like to open it up to your questions. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Wiehoff. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we will begin the question-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Justin Yagerman with Wachovia Securities. Please go ahead.
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: Hi, good afternoon, John and Chad. How are you?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Good.
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: The 16% or so growth in the truckload services that you alluded to in the press release and in your remarks, very impressive in this kind of environment. Can you go into a little bit more color on where you are able to find that kind of growth? You listed off a number of the different service offerings that are housed in that division, where you are seeing pockets of strength and pockets of weakness. And then, I guess, a sense of how much of that business is transactional versus contractual at this point and how you see that shift moving?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: You are right in that, you know, all of the different truckload services that we rattled-off were all contributors. In terms of where we saw the growth, it was fairly strong across the board and I would say that the primary thing that we’d try to focus on in all of 2007 is really just getting out in the marketplace and being active and selling and touching our customers. As we've talked in the past, Justin, there is a lot of definitional differences around what is less than truckload, what is truckload, all the rest of that that makes it difficult for us to be too precise in terms of how we share those things. But, it was pretty widespread across the board in terms of double-digit growth opportunities from a volume standpoint and we think it was more about our model and our approach to just continuing to build relationships and try to find ways to help in markets that are difficult for shippers to deal with.
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: You guys have been talking about 7% to 8% growth for the last several quarters and that means basically growth rate doubling in the fourth quarter here while everybody else in the asset-based world is talking about things having slowed down. I mean are you taking share in a particular market or are you seeing more customers flocked to your model for a specific reason? Are you hearing any reason why you guys would see this massive share shift, because it doesn't feel like that's translating into other people's businesses?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think when we studied that, it's part of the reason why we came back with the message that this is really the manifestation of a bunch of long-term things because we didn't do anything different or see anything really out of the ordinary during the quarter. It was just the fact that we've opened offices and put good people in place and they did well during the quarter. We've been investing in our LTL offerings for more than ten years and they had a lot of success in helping people try to figure out what to do in a pretty uncertain environment. So, it was pretty widespread across the board. We reviewed the customer stuff and there was nothing really wacky. It was just good overall growth, might have been that last fourth quarter was a little bit weaker from a volume standpoint. That's hard to tell precisely, but we think we had a little bit of an easier comparison. I think if you look at the sequential volume growth that wouldn't be quite as impressive. But, really nothing that we can identify as being individually driving higher growth rate for the quarter.
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: Got it. Switching gears a little bit. Everybody is always trying to get you guys to gauge what's going on in the capacity market and I know you are reluctant to say or it's hard for you guys to tell. Some comment you've got there would be useful, but I guess getting at it a slightly different way, curious to hear if you have seen an uptick in truckload carriers… or trucking carriers in general who are taking advantage of your early payment option and are using you guys as kind of cash flow source in this tough environment. I know you guys are able to make a margin on that and I am just curious to hear if that has been helping you out and also from the carrier angle if more people have been taking advantage of that?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Obviously, that is one of the big advantages for small carriers to do business with us. But, we did not see a significant change in the percentage of our truckload payments going out through a quick-pay program. And as far as kind of the overall capacity marketplace goes, the reason why we try to deflect ourselves is being any sort of a leading indicator is when we sign up a carrier to do business with us, if we don't see them for a year, we will put them out of our active carrier base, but if they stop doing business with us, we don't necessarily know why that is right away. So, we don't know if they went out of the business for sure or where that was at. But, one of the biggest indicators that we can see is when, in general, the larger truck lines become more aggressive about offering their available capacity that we'll see that in the marketplace as a symptom, I guess, of kind, of generally more capacity being out there and we have seen that throughout all of 2007, and in the fourth quarter that capacity was certainly available in the marketplace. As we highlighted in our press release, you also adjusted for fuel, see some modest price declines in the truckload side, which is also indicative of that. So, there is no question that there is a softer market from a demand out there and that it’s having some impact on the capacity side. But, exactly how impact it is to that smaller career base in a shorter period of time like the fourth quarter, it’s really hard for us to get a feel for that.
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: Chad, quick question, tax rate has fluctuated a bit over last several quarters. Where would you see that for 2008, if you can comment on that?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We expect our tax rate to be around 38%, maybe a little bit higher than that, 38% to 38.5% on a normal basis. One of the big fluctuations this year was really related to last year we had a one-time foreign tax credit that was harvested related to Mexico that we highlighted last year.
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: Got it. And I guess last question before I turn it over to someone else, I’d be [inaudible] I didn't ask you about what you're going to do with cash filing up on your balance sheet. I know you alluded to a bunch of different options, but if you don't see any acquisition opportunity on the horizon, do you step up share buybacks or are you kind of comfortable at the pace you've been moving on those types of uses of cash flow?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We finished the year with approximately the same amount of cash as the year before and we did during 2007 accelerate that share repurchase activity. As we've talked a lot in the past, first priority is to reinvest in the business and hopefully we will find more opportunities and be able to acquire things that we feel good about, expand the menu of services, hopefully, the marketplace will give us some more opportunity in that area. But, if it doesn't, we will likely stay kind of in the same neighborhood of share repurchase activity. As we’ve said in the past, we don't want to let that accumulated capital grow, but we think the amount of money that we have on hand gives us some good flexibility where we're at today.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: And also like every other year, this year there is $100 million, a little bit more than that of accrued compensation, all of which will be funded early in the first quarter. So, our cash balance will dip and then start to build up like it has in the previous years.
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: Got it. Thanks a lot for your time. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alex Brand with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is actually George for Alex. I'm sorry if I missed it John or Chad. Did you all buyback any shares in the quarter?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, we did. We bought back 880,000 shares, I believe.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. What was the average price?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It was just over $50... $50.08.
Unidentified Analyst: This may seem like a silly question after 16% volume growth, but going forward throughout the rest of '08, are you still comfortable that the mid-to-high single digit volume growth that we’ve talked about in the past?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think we still feel comfortable with, kind of, a broader parameters that we've laid out before that in our long-term target of 15% that there is a permanent kind of market share number in there of mid- to-high single digits that we think we can keep expanding and growing in that 7% to 8% type range and that the other portion to get the 15% fluctuates based upon market swings and opportunities. But, obviously those are kind of long-term averages because during the fourth quarter we did have higher volume growth despite the fact that the market was flatter, now that could swing the other way on us, who knows. But, yes that... if the economy's demand stays soft and we continue to work hard to sell into that that, that would be our growth goal in general during that period of time.
Unidentified Analyst: One more question. When you are looking at acquisitions, specifically international ones, does the weakness in the US dollar affect any of your decisions or ability to make any of these acquisitions?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Yes. Obviously, as the dollar weakens, our offers are less attractive to foreign people because when you look at translating those foreign earnings into dollars, they are worthless, as well as our dollars being worthless. So, it can impact our competitiveness in the market. It will make deals more expensive in essence
Unidentified Analyst: But, do you think it has, I guess, that's more of my question?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Since we haven't done any deals in the last... over the last couple of years, we have put offers in on some opportunities that were not priced in US dollars that I do believe we were less competitive on because of that, so yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. Thank you for your time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jon Langenfeld with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Michael Halloran - Robert W. Baird: Actually, this is Mike Halloran stepping in for Jon. I know you had a little pressure on the gross margin side this quarter, but kind of more broadly speaking, when you look at that range going forward, is there anything that you see out there that could move you ahead of that historical range or do you think that you've kind of got to the point where [inaudible]?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We don't really see anything that's going to move that range from a long-term perspective. I think during 2004, 2005, one of the things that we talked a lot about was the fact that meaningful price increases were very positive for us and that we had not experienced to those in the past. But, if you look at sort of the underlying economics of the cost structure for carriers and sales and marketing and the spreads between pricing and purchasing, it sort of appeals to us like those margin ranges will likely stay fairly consistent.
Michael Halloran - Robert W. Baird: Fair enough. And then on the intermodal side, there is some pressure on growth rate there. Could you talk a little about what was that was due to and whether or not any of that was divergent towards your truck offering?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So, within our intermodal business, we are always pursuing convergent opportunities that tend to be more transactional where if we can substitute or offer intermodal services at a lesser cost that some shippers will take advantage of that when and how they can. So, in general, we would refer to that as more transactional type convergent freight. More traditional intermodal higher volume freight is generally priced more aggressively with higher volume shipments and less margin opportunity for us, So, what we’ve tried to described during the quarter was compared to a year ago a little less convergent or transactional type opportunity made up for in part by a little bit higher volume of more committed or contractual traditional type intermodal freight. So, our volumes went up a little bit because of that, but overall margins were hurt because of that blend of types freight.
Michael Halloran - Robert W. Baird: And then on the miscellaneous line item, growth is still pretty strong there, but it has slowed relative to the last couple of years. Was that really more due to comparisons or is there some slowing in the core business there?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: The management fee business, we talk [ph] about, that's been primary driver there. It did continue to grow not as fast as it has in previous quarters and that... like we said in the release, that was offset by a slight decline in our customs business.
Michael Halloran - Robert W. Baird: And then lastly, as you've noted you guys have been getting some pretty meaningful margin expansion mostly driven by that personnel line given how the incentive comp is trending, is there a point here in '08 were this benefit gets anniversaried or when you look at the current environment, does that allow for more additional opportunities there?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: The general expectation around that is that we have done longer-term equity awards periodically, like every three years for the last five years, and that if we stick to that, which is our plan, then near the end of '08 and early '09, there would be additional equity awards. So, we would... we don't know for sure because those expenses are driven by performance and a lot of other things we can't control. But, perhaps the most likely scenario is that during '08, it would be easier to keep the relationships constant. But, then during '09, there could be additional equity expense from new awards.
Michael Halloran - Robert W. Baird: All right. I appreciate the time, gentlemen.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ed Wolfe with Bear, Stearns. Please go-ahead.
Edward M. Wolfe - Bear, Stearns & Co.: Thanks. Hi guys. First of all, Chad, any guidance for CapEx?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Next year, we expect it to be probably in the neighborhood of $25 million. That assumes that we do not start construction on another building. The next building that we build will have a data center in it and we are not quite sure when we're going to start that building.
Edward M. Wolfe - Bear, Stearns & Co.: What does that mean that it has a data center? Is that going to change your depreciation going forward? I mean is that a massive expense?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It is a massive expense from the cost of the building and the infrastructure. It just means the building will cost more per square foot. But, the life on those assets will be pretty long, so it wouldn't have that meaningful of an impact.
Edward M. Wolfe - Bear, Stearns & Co.: Okay. And then what kind of...
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Pretty soon [ph] will make sure that we inform everybody what the plans are.
Edward M. Wolfe - Bear, Stearns & Co.: And is that in Eden Prairie or where is that?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, that would be immediately adjacent to our other two buildings that we are in.
Edward M. Wolfe - Bear, Stearns & Co.: Okay. What kind of expense are we looking at, $50 million kind of thing?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The building, we are still estimating how big of a building we would build for the next building and what the data center is going to cost. So, I can't tell you exactly or give you a good prediction.
Edward M. Wolfe - Bear, Stearns & Co.: Okay. But, you own the property?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: There is a good chance that that will not start until 2009 or after.
Edward M. Wolfe - Bear, Stearns & Co.: And do you own the property?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. We already own the land.
Edward M. Wolfe - Bear, Stearns & Co.: John, try as I may, other than fuel being up, I'm having trouble understanding with pricing down 3%, why the gross yields would be down year-over-year, is that the right answer, it's because fuel is up so much?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: We probably don't make the same amount of margin on fuel. Again, it's impossible for us to know, so that would be one partial explanation. The other explanation is, like we talked about last year's fourth quarter, they were as high as we… they being the margins on our truckload business were as high as we remember seeing them. So, it's a tough comparison.
Edward M. Wolfe - Bear, Stearns & Co.: Okay. But, is it fair… I did read somewhere that pricing in the truck division was down 3% year-over-year. Is that right?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Correct. That's in the release. Excluding fuel, correct.
Edward M. Wolfe - Bear, Stearns & Co.: Okay. And there is no major change in the mix of your business in that business. Is it where there is so much more flatbed or something that that could impact it?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: No, that rate was on a per mile basis. It was pretty consistent if you looked at just van or all of truckload in North America.
Edward M. Wolfe - Bear, Stearns & Co.: Sure. That minus three, what did that look like the third and second quarter for instance year-over-year?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Third quarter... I am going by my memory here, but I think third quarter was about 3% down compared to last year's third quarter. I don't remember what second quarter was. I believe it was modest decreases for most of the year.
Edward M. Wolfe - Bear, Stearns & Co.: Okay. So, no big change there?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: No.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No.
Edward M. Wolfe - Bear, Stearns & Co.: Are you seeing any change in the economy, generally, is there a sense things are stable, worse, better?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: If I had insight on that, I would... no it's really hard. There is just… I think uncertainty is probably at an all-time high. It is just really hard to gauge.
Edward M. Wolfe - Bear, Stearns & Co.: Based on your working capital, it doesn't look like there is an increase in bad debt, am I missing that somewhere?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, we had a good year in 2007.
Edward M. Wolfe - Bear, Stearns & Co.: Okay.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: I think that is definitely going to be an area of focus for us going forward though.
Edward M. Wolfe - Bear, Stearns & Co.: And SG&A expenses, you talked about there was $15 million of incentive bonus more than a year ago, but that was a lower percent than year ago. Am I seeing that correctly?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, that was total personnel. Total personnel dollars were $15 million more than a year ago, however, it was a lower percentage of net revenues. I am trying to highlight the fact that while our total compensation is growing and we have more people and many people made meaningfully more money during the year, it was actually a lower percentage of net revenue at the personnel line.
Edward M. Wolfe - Bear, Stearns & Co.: What drove that lower percentage? Obviously, you are growing business faster than you are growing heads, but is some of this reduction in incentive comp and what else is in there?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Most of the largest quantifiable item is the fact that we have growth pools based on earnings growth and restricted stock vesting based up on earnings growth. And while we think we had a very good year, our growth percentages were not as high as they were in 2006 over 2005, so we have less expense.
Edward M. Wolfe - Bear, Stearns & Co.: And is that materially more… and that’s an event more in the fourth quarter than the rest of the year, or is it pretty accrued evenly?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We have been talking about that all the year and it was pretty even across the year.
Edward M. Wolfe - Bear, Stearns & Co.: Okay. There was no true-up or anything like that in those?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No.
Edward M. Wolfe - Bear, Stearns & Co.: Okay. Would you look at any large acquisition? It has been a while since Backhaulers and even something larger than that at the right opportunity? Or are you pretty much at this point said we are doing it on our own and a tuck-in here or there, a couple million here, a couple million there, that's the model?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: We look at most things. I think we have, as we've always said, a pretty strong filter on everything that we look at to see if what's the risk and does it fit right and is it culturally compatible. And I think for a lot of those reasons larger deals become far less likely than the smaller deals, but we are not close-minded to any sort of opportunity. But, we do feel pretty good about the momentum that we have on a lot of our growth areas like global forwarding and intermodal and some of the other offerings that we have that we think we can make some pretty good progress by building it ourselves and selling and integrating it. So, we will keep looking and we will stay open-minded, but we have been and remain today principally focused on organic growth.
Edward M. Wolfe - Bear, Stearns & Co.: I don't want to nitpicky on such a great quarter, but intermodal net revenue down 4%, is that really the trend going the way you want it to go? Can you talk a little bit about that?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We talked a little bit earlier that there was less conversion freight and less transactional opportunity. So, overall that hurt the margin growth on the intermodal side. But, some of that is driven by the fact that the actual carriers were offering some different services than they were a year ago. And so, when we think about representing the shippers in the marketplace and finding the best answers for them, sometimes when we lose some volume opportunities like that, it's just reflective of a change in the marketplace versus our capabilities or competencies in executing that are growing it. And I think that's how we felt about intermodal during the fourth quarter. We didn't get any weaker at selling it or executing it, it's just that some of the opportunities in the marketplace didn't price out that way, which is a good example of why I chose to highlight diversification of services and why we think that's continuing to make us more effective in the marketplace at growing, because the... what's right for any given customer at any given time can fluctuate.
Edward M. Wolfe - Bear, Stearns & Co.: Okay, fair enough. Just last one... the recent trend in the last four or five quarters, $40 million, $50 million a quarter of share repurchases, is that fair to assume going forward?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Again, we look at it and assess it quarterly based on our cash flow. It's a safe assumption. It is good as the assumption as you have, but we will adjust it quarterly.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: And what I had mentioned earlier Ed is that, first priority is look for good acquisition investment opportunities. So, if we can find those, we would do those first and those would adjust the share repurchase. So, assuming our intent is to keep the capital balance similar and if we don't find the acquisition opportunities then you'd be back to what Chad spoke of, [inaudible] similar.
Edward M. Wolfe - Bear, Stearns & Co.: Makes a lot of sense. Thanks for the time, I appreciated it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tom Wadewitz with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz - JP Morgan: Yes, good afternoon. Wanted to ask you a little bit about headcount. If I look at the increase in headcount in '05 and '06, It looks like it was up something on the order of 18%, 19% year-over-year and then in second half of '07 you got it up more 8% or 9% year-over-year. So, intuitively that make sense given that the domestic economy is weaker, but I am wondering at some point does that lower headcount addition affect your ability to put up the gross revenue growth or the volume growth, or is there enough available capacity in your headcount that we shouldn't think of it that way?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: One of the things that we really pride ourselves in is the constant pipeline of recruiting people and the ability to get a man and train him and get him up productive fairly quickly. So, we like to think that headcount number is going to flex with the market pretty real-time and adjust to what the opportunity is. So, yes, if things stays slower, our headcount growth will stay slower, but we also feel like we've got the disciplines in place that when transaction volume picks back up, we will be all over it and be ready to grow with it.
Tom Wadewitz - JP Morgan: So, you don't think… I mean if you look out a couple of quarters, it's not an issue that the pace of growth at that point that you haven't added at... that you've added headcount at a lower pace for a few quarters?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, I don't think that is an issue. I think if the market changed abruptly and there was a lot more opportunity starting tomorrow, I think we could respond very well.
Tom Wadewitz - JP Morgan: Okay. When you look at where you are going to focus your additional offices, I think you said five to ten and in light of an uncertainty in US economy, do you look to open offices more in Europe or open more forwarding offices or how would you think about where you expand the capacity in light of US uncertainty?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Probably an even mixture all around. We think there is still markets in North America that we can be successful in. Remember, when we're opening offices that's generally with two or three people and it's not a real significant capital requirement of us. So, it's more about having the people ready and being able the expand the network into a new geographic region or a new city within the United States where we think we can do a better job of penetrating it locally by opening the office. So, for us, those office opening decisions are really more about the bench strength of the people and the perpetuity of building out the network, and that's really what the origin of the comments that I made earlier that we feel pretty good about that, and we are going to keep driving those openings and building out the network even if the freight demand stays a little bit softer, it won't be a huge financial risk for us to do that, and we think we have the bench strength to take advantage of it now. So all the above, forwarding officers, European and North American surface truck transportation offices.
Tom Wadewitz - JP Morgan: Okay. Do you have any thought specific to how Europe is doing? How big Europe is as a percent of the truck business right now?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Sure. Europe is between 3% and 4% of truck or about 3% of overall net revenues. It has been doing well. We had a very good year in Europe. They did increase both their volume, as well as their margins. So, we have huge upside there we believe. We are continuing to penetrate the marketplace and do believe it is a good market, very fragmented, carrier based just like it is here.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We are still as positive as ever about the long-term growth potential for the Robinson European network to be of comparable size and skill someday as the North American network. We just know that it's going to take a while to get there. It's all about having the right people and training them and building relationships and it takes a long time to do that. So, we are just doing all we can to get the right people on board and to train them and to build it and grow, but the actual opportunity itself and our confidence in the long-term success of it feels very good.
Tom Wadewitz - JP Morgan: Okay. Great. Thank you for the time.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Jason Seidl with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Jason Seidl - Credit Suisse: Hi, John. Hi, Chad. How are you guys today?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good.
Jason Seidl - Credit Suisse: A couple of quick questions. As I look at your gross revenue growth in the quarter, extremely impressive, it's 20%, but you did have a year-over-year easier comp in the 4Q ‘06. I think only grew about almost 2.5%. How much of it was market conditions, how much of it was an easier comp in terms of just picking up from the 2Q and 3Q growth rates that where pretty much double-digits?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: As John outlined in his prepared comments, fuel was a big part of the Transportation gross revenue growth. In truckload, it added probably 6% and then we had volume growth in the mid-teens.
Jason Seidl - Credit Suisse: Okay. That's good. If we go to intermodal, you highlighted a little bit about transitioning from some transactional business to more contractual. Should we expect that to continue here into 2008? And if so, for how long?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: It gets difficult to predict because we don't really know what variations in pricing and service offering, the rails will come out with or how the truck versus rail pricing will look on a conversion basis, it literally can change day-to-day depending upon if new pricing is introduced. We definitely have plans to continue to grow our dedicated contractual type intermodal business. So, we would hope to continue to see that volume come in and that's at a higher volume, lower margin relationship. The part that's really difficult to predict is what the truck-rail relationship will be like, and how those transactional conversion opportunities will trend up or down, it's really difficult to know that part.
Jason Seidl - Credit Suisse: Okay fair enough. I know you guys don't give specific guidance, but considering that here we are in 2008 in the first quarter when we are still seeing fuel on a year-over-year basis still up fairly significantly. Should we expect, if nothing changes, continued pressure on the gross profit margins due to fuel?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: To the extent that fuel stays high, yes, you would expect higher gross revenue growth than net revenue growth. So, from an overall standpoint, yes, that would be a pressure on margins for us. If you think of it as kind of a pass-through cost, we certainly have to manage it, but that doesn't become a real driver into our ultimate earnings, it's really more just the relationship at the gross revenue and gross marginal level.
Jason Seidl - Credit Suisse: Okay fair enough. Gentlemen, as always, thanks for your time.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ken Hoexter with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good afternoon. If we look at the net... or I guess the gross revenue growth, adding almost $100 million sequentially, on the net revenue basis, I guess, you added about 7% net revenue per employee, is there any strain [inaudible] to the system at that point, I think that was the fastest level it's grown in two years? I understand that a lot of the growth side was fuel, but looking on the net revenue per employee also up fairly rapidly.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Nothing, I don't think we can identify or highlight. Our approach and practices and internal productivity metrics were fairly comparable to the previous periods. Nothing individual that I think we can identify.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The amount of backlog changes day-by-day, but I didn't hear of any branches that were significantly understaffed or complaining about. And again, people are incented for profitability. So, they are making more money when they are busier.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: I just want to understand, did you say that you believe these kind of... at these levels, the net margins are kind of at peak levels over what you have seen in the last few years. I guess looking back over kind of the past decade, it’s kind of consistently increased on a net margin basis from 13% up to 17%. Are you saying we should see that come down, particularly if fuel stays high or when business rebounds you could continue to see that net margin expand as it has for the past nine, ten years?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: A big part of that margin expansion is the service line mix.
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: We you look at especially the relationship between sourcing and Transportation. Sourcing has a much lower margin than Transportation. So, Sourcing has become a smaller percentage of it, that's been one of the primary driving forces of the margin expansion. In addition to that, within Transportation those different modes of services have different margin percentages and most notably the miscellaneous category, most of the things that fall into that category are 100% margin based where the gross revenue equals the net revenue.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The margins have been fluctuating on the individual service lines with a slight uptick in truck, as we get bigger, we get more efficient, or more likely to have a better match of a load with the truck.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And if I look at personnel expenses, I just want to understand what you were mentioning on the stock pay. Looks like personnel expense per employee was actually up 3.3%, I guess, versus the decreases you were mentioning. Is that what you are getting at when you are saying, yes, we are paying more stock to the individuals?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I guess the message was that even though our personnel expense as a percent of net revenue declined, compared to the previous year, that we have the same incentive plans and the growth in compensation for most of our people did impact increase just as you pointed out. So, yes, when we get larger, we are able to leverage our network and oftentimes grow our earnings faster than our net revenues, but that doesn't mean that our incentive plans weren't lucrative and our people didn't make more money.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Helpful. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes form the line of David Campbell with Thompson Davis & Company. Please go ahead.
David Campbell - Thompson Davis & Company: Yes. Thank you very much. My questions have been answered except for one and I don't really know if it’s a good question, but anyway I'll try it. Have you ever thought of would make acquisitions of asset based trucking... truckload or to less-than-truckload [ph] companies?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Not very much. Over than last couple of years when a lot of people have asked us about asset based carriers getting into brokerage and third-party businesses, we have made the statement that today we don't really understand the value proposition or the benefit to the customer of offering both third-party and asset base trucking services. If the marketplace evolved where it was proven that that was a more optimum model to serve customers, we would certainly consider that in order to serve our customers that way. We go out and invest in some very good trucking assets, if somebody proved to us that that was a better way to serve the marketplace. But, we don't think that's the case today and so we really don't spend much time thinking about it.
David Campbell - Thompson Davis & Company: I was thinking that you could buy a truckload or less-than-truckload company and just convert all the business to non-asset transactions?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Or we can just go compete in the marketplace and sell. So, what you are saying is just buy the customer base…?
David Campbell - Thompson Davis & Company: Right.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We think that would be a large premium compared to continue to execute what we do.
David Campbell - Thompson Davis & Company: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair & Company. Please go ahead.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company: Congratulations on a great quarter, gentlemen. I just had one question kind of pertaining to the international forwarding businesses. I know in the past that those businesses have been fairly lumpy with just ten key customers, now moving to maybe 20 to 30, but that business has definitely been supporting some more consistent gross profit growth for you. I was just wondering whether that was because of market conditions, better penetration within those key customers or a bigger, broader effort that you are kind of doing globally?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: Hopefully, it's a little bit of all the above that you just mentioned. We've been building that business for about 15 years, I believe, now and as you have seen over the years, we have sown in some small acquisitions in different parts of the world, and our hope is that as that network gets bigger and more capable that it allows us to compete more aggressively on more lanes and more regions and different types of freight. We did have a very good year in 2007. That division of Robinson grew organically at a very nice rate and we felt they made some really good progress in the marketplace in terms of selling their capabilities and building up volume and density. It is a very competitive marketplace though and there still are shorter list of customers compared to the rest of our business that make up a pretty meaningful percentage of the mix. So, I don't think the lumps are completely gone, but as we get larger, we do think that we will be able to grow it at a more consistent rate and be able to expand the offerings that they participate in.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And the last question comes from the line of [inaudible]. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. You answered my questions, but I have one question about the contract side of the Transportation business. Is there a certain part of the calendar year when the bulk of your long-term agreements come up for renewal? Is it the first quarter or is it evenly distributed throughout the year?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: It's fairly evenly distributed. Most of the customers that we deal with will do their transportation bids and related contracting on a fairly random basis depending upon when they think it is the best time to approach the market. There are some who do fairly regular calendar bids and some do fairly regular bids on a deferring cycle. But, a vast majority of them are going to the marketplace for bids for components of their business at different times throughout the year. And when we look at it, it tends to... the net result of that is that longer-term pricing agreements would generally tend to be spread throughout the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. In your comments about pricing, are you seeing a disproportionate amount of that type of biding activity going on now than normal?
John P. Wiehoff - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board: During the price increases of 2004, 2005, 2006, there was noticeably less bid activity than in typical years just because, I think when prices are raising rapidly that shippers are more inclined to try to hang on to their rates rather than go re-price them in the marketplace. Starting in the end of 2006 and probably most notably the first half of 2007, there was quite a bit more bid activity in terms of shippers going to the marketplace and looking to re-price or stabilize some of their stuff. It was fairly high throughout all of 2007, but maybe even tapering off as the year wore on.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Angie Freeman - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you for participating in our fourth quarter 2007 conference call. This call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the C.H. Robinson website at www.chrobinson.com. It will also be available by dialing 800-405-2236 and entering the pass code 11105696 pound. The replay will be available at approximately 7.00 P.M. Eastern Time today. If you have additional questions, please call me, Angie Freeman, at 952-937-7847. Thank you.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Angie Freeman - Director of IR John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and CEO  Chad M. Lindbloom - VP and CFO
Analysts: Thomas Wadewitz - J.P Morgan Scott Flower - Banc of America Securities Ed Wolfe - Bear Stearns Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.  Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch David Campbell - Thompson Davis and Company Michael Hamilton - RBC Dain Rauscher  Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Securities
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentleman and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Third Quarter Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today's presentation, instructions will be given for the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder this conference is being recorded today, Tuesday October 23rd of 2007. I would now turn over the conference to Angie Freeman, C. H. Robinson, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Freeman.
Angie Freeman - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, CEO and Chad Lindbloom, Vice President and CFO. John and Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our third quarter performance and we will follow that with a question and answer session. I would like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management expectations. With that, I will turn over the call to John.
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Angie, and thanks to every body on call, for taking the time to listen and follow our story. About an hour ago, we sent out our third quarter earnings release. I am assuming that everybody on the call has had access to that. I’d like to start by highlighting few of the key metrics on that report that we look at in evaluating our results. Our third quarter gross revenues increased 8.8 % to over $1.8 billion. Our third quarter net revenues or gross profits grew 12.5% to $313 million for the quarter. Our income from operations grew 18.6% to $131 million for the quarter. And our diluted earnings per share grew at 20% or $0.48 for the quarter. From an overall perspective, relative to our long term growth targets of 15% for all of these metrics, we continue to be challenged to reach our goals for the top lying gross revenues and net revenues. However, our earnings in EPS were in excess of our long term target of 15%. From a shorter term perspective the third quarter results and growth rates were fairly similar to our 2007 year to date results with no significant changes or unusual patterns from the previous couple of quarters. Given the continued softening of demand in our core North American truckload offering, we are happy with our third quarter results and believe that we continue to execute our business model with good discipline. Moving on to some prepared comments by motor service offerings, starting with the truck category. As a reminder, our truck net revenue category includes all types of truck activities, dry van, refrigerated, flat bed as well as LTL. On our second quarter call, I talked about the three drivers of our growth in truckload net revenue, those being volume or shipment growth, pricing and gross profit margins. During the third quarter, our truck net revenue growth of 12.1% was driven by a similar growth rate in our volume. Our core North American dry van volume increased mid-single digits. Volume growth from all other truck services including LTL grew faster. Our truck volume or shipment growth in the third quarter continues to be one of our primary focus points. We believe that the overall industry shipment and tonnage is flat to down and that we are increasing market share by adding value with good people and processes. Growing volume and relationships in the marketplace has been the driver of our growth this year. The slight price decrease was driven by continued softness in demand. Our gross profit margin expanded slightly versus a year ago and remains at the high end of the historic range for gross profit margins. Volume drove our growth, pricing and gross profit margins moved slightly in offsetting directions. Intermodal net revenues, our third quarter intermodal net revenues grew 9%. Similar to the truck services, our intermodal net revenue growth was driven by volume growth. We continued to focus cross-selling and account management with our customers to offer intermodal choices where appropriate. In addition to selling and building relationships, we believe our significant efforts on operational improvements over the several last years has helped to make us… enabled to make us good choices and execute efficiently. On air services, our air net revenues include both international and domestic air net revenues. The third quarter air net revenues include approximately $1 million air net revenues from the acquisition of LXSI. We discussed the acquisition of LXSI on our second quarter call, but it closed early in the third quarter. We expect to continue integrating LXSI into our domestic network and expand our presence in domestic air-freight. Global forwarding services, our global forwarding network of international air, ocean and customs brokerage services grew its combined net revenues in excess of 15% for the third quarter. We continue to build out our forwarding network while integrating international services into existing customers. For our other service lines, our transportation management, produce sourcing and T-Check service lines, all continued to grow their net revenues at rates consistent with the first two quarters of 2007. Moving to the operating cost. Let me talk about our people. Our employee count at the end of the third quarter was 7,149. This represents about a 2% increase from the end of the second quarter of this year or approximately an 8.5% increase from a year ago. Building our team to a right way with the right people is still the foundation of the company. We are adding people to the team slower than the previous few years due to the softening demand in the overall freight market, but we will continue to add to our team and invest in the future. Our business model includes significant, variable personnel costs. We have management incentive programs that reward growth including our equity plans that’s based upon overall earnings growth. While we are having successful years in many ways, our slower growth this year compared to 2006 has resulted in decreases for some of these expenses. Similar to the first two quarters of this year, our personnel as a percentage of net revenue has declined compared to a year ago due to these variable expenses. In summary, to wrap up my comments, before I turn it before to Chad, freight command continued softening in our core North American markets. When the market is soft, we focused on selling, growing volume and expanding the impact of our existing team. We continue to expand our service offerings including domestic air and transportation management and expanding our forwarding network. Net revenue growth is more challenging in this part of the economic cycle. But we believe our strategy, our model and our long-term goals remain valid. With that, I will turn it over to Chad.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you. I will make a quick few comments on our cash flow statement, and then we will turn it over to you to answer any questions you might have. Our cash flow from operating activity was relatively strong for the quarter. Our cash flow from operations approximated our net income for the quarter which is one of the benchmarks we look at internally. So far this year, our working capital has increased faster than our gross revenues driven primarily by slight increase in the amount of time it’s taking us to receive from our customers. This is partially impacted by the fact that each quarter this year has ended on a weekend, this quarter being a Sunday, where we do not receive two days of cash receipts even though there is activity going on. And cash flow from investing activities. CapEx for the quarter was $8.4 million for the quarter, $3.6 million of that related to the building and we had another $4.8 million primarily of technology spending and other things related to growing the business. Next quarter there will be an additional approximately $4.6 million related to our new corporate headquarters, which we have now moved into. Moving on to cash flow from financing activities. During the quarter, we purchased approximately 900,000 shares at an average price of $50.18. We also issued about 190,000 shares through option exercises, employee stock purchase program purchases. That concludes our prepared remarks, and we will now turn it over to questions. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operators Instructions]. Your first question comes from Tom Wadewitz with J.P Morgan. Please go ahead.
Thomas Wadewitz - J.P Morgan: Good afternoon. Let's see. I wanted to get your thoughts on what the truckload market feels like relative to the last period of slowing, 2000-2001. Is that a pretty good analogy to how things are playing out this time around, and is it fair for us to look back to how your model worked then in terms of how it might work in say 2008.
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It’s really difficult to be precise in comparison. But I would say from an overall standpoint, we feel like the market softening and freight demand softening is very similar to previous periods like ’01 and ’02. There has been a lot of change since then with regards to how people manage their freight, the level of automation, and increase in international activity. So there are lots of variables that can always make the current environment different than any historical one. But from the standpoint of how we've managed the transportation for the last three or four decades and of the normal fluctuations in supply and demand and the acceleration freight demand and then the softening, yes, this feels like in a lot of ways just like typical softening of the demand side.
Thomas Wadewitz - J.P Morgan: Okay. And what you see at the present time, I mean, do you think that the softness in demand may last for a couple more quarters?
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I didn’t say that, and I don’t know what it… I don’t really know, I am not an economist, I don’t know how long it will last but I do know that Robinson's been around a long time and the market has continually cycled up and down from a supply and demand standpoint.
Thomas Wadewitz - J.P Morgan: Okay, fair enough. On the restricted stock program, you've gotten some I guess some benefit to your operating margin performance, that has I guess vested at a slower pace this year. If the net revenue gross or gross profit slows again next year would there be another ratcheting down of the pace of vesting in that restricted stock or are you are you already at kind of a low end for that?
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the formula is relatively simple. You take the shares that are available to vest, and you multiply that by the average of earnings per share growth and operating income growth plus 5%. So it’s all based on the growth and earnings. So if we grow at 15% those shares would vest at 20%. If we grew at 10% they would vest at 15%. But again it’s all earnings based, not net revenue based.
Thomas Wadewitz - J.P Morgan: Right, okay, and just the last question, I’ll pass it along, I appreciate the time. What are your thoughts in terms of small truckers may be going out of business? Have you started to see that yet or not?
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our data points are such that we don’t really know if they’ve gone out of business when the stop working with us, because we just track activated carriers. So we do know that there are some small carriers that we were dong business with six months ago, that we are not doing business with now, whether they went bankrupt or not, we don’t really follow that turn. But I think it’s a reasonable assumption that during this part of the cycle that there is always a reduction of some levels of capacity whether it’s larger carriers scaling back or small carriers going out of business or even temporarily parking their equipment. Freight demand is not what it used to be.
Thomas Wadewitz - J.P Morgan: Right, okay, great. Thank you for the time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Flower with Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Scott Flower - Banc of America Securities: Good afternoon, all. Just wondering if you can give us some sense of new [ph] and maybe, parsing the language a little too much, you talked about obviously demand softening in that relative qualifier. Does that, maybe I should pose it this way, when you look across third quarter between the months was there any relative softening between the month on year-over-year basis versus the prior months where it was more pronounced or was it just a generalized statement that things are softer as apposed to they are continuing to soften through the quarter?
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think the comment was really based on our experience as well those of others, that the overall demand in the marketplace has continued to be soft. We actually have a net revenue per day basis, and our growth increased through out the quarter with September finishing the strongest.
Scott Flower - Banc of America Securities: OK. And then just curious on the carrier side, I know that you’ve just obviously answered the question about, a little bit about carrier bankruptcy, but I just get a sense that maybe it’s hard to track this, but do you get a sense that the carriers that you do, do business with that you’re continuing to gain share with them on the capacity side. I know that over time that has been one of your goals as a way to create capacity. Is that something that happens in this environment, where you can actually provide demand for those carriers and therefore you are able to take share even with a smaller perhaps number of providers potentially.
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes we believe that to be true. However you know tracking the universe of equipment for each carrier or is that we do with is a challenging thing because their equipment capacity and drivers are coming and going. So we have account manager which strategies on capacities side just like we do on the customer side. We hope to and believe that we are penetrating many of those relationships and the fact that we are growing in what we believe is a flat to down market would all provide evidence that that must be true
Scott Flower - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And then the last question, and I don’t know if you can give us any direction, or we'll have to wait till the fourth quarter report, but can you give some sense of where CapEx for next year may sort of be, order of magnitude directionally from where you are, because obviously you have had a lot of expenditures relative to the new headquarters, and I would imagine those go away or certainly dance in quite a bit into next year in '08.
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Right, this year excluding the building we'll probably have about $20 million of CapEx which would be a good relative baseline for next year. There will likely be some growth relative, if the business grows.
Scott Flower - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Well, thank you all very much.
Operator: Then you next question comes from Ed Wolfe with Bear Stearns. Please go ahead.
Ed Wolfe - Bear Stearns: Hi, guys. Chad, what’s the story, you have mentioned a little bit about working capital, but it's been working against you for a little bit now. Could you give a little more clarification and when should that start to move more positively for you?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, overall, if you look over at our history, the working capital does grow as the business grows. As we talked about last quarter, last year we made some significant improvements in the days of accounts receivables that were outstanding and it has moved slightly against us this year. We expect the receivable collection to go up and down based on our branch's collection efforts, how willing the customers are to pay their bills quickly and things like that. So we expect it to fluctuate around. Don’t think it's outside what’s normal. We approximately have 45 days worth of receivables at the end of September. We have been as low as 42 days. So we are on the high end of what we have experienced in recent years. So again that’s going to fluctuate around. And we haven’t seen anything that makes it seem like it's going to be different than the normal fluctuations.
Ed Wolfe - Bear Stearns: You're not seeing an increase in bad debt at this point.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, we're not, actually. Our bad debt experience is actually very good right now, as percentage of growth revenues compared to history.
Ed Wolfe - Bear Stearns: And John, before in response to Tom's question, you mentioned that, it's hard to track who is going in or out of business because once they leave the system you don’t know why. Can you just talk to number of carriers not doing business with you currently, versus how that was tracking six and 12 months ago? Has there been much change in that?
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Throughout the last several years, each quarter we’ve continued to sign up a significant number of new small carriers and a smaller number of small carriers would drop off, and that pace has continued, that we can still sign up new carriers and drop off a number of them as well. So the way we monitor our carrier side is that when we haven’t interacted with them for a 12 month period of time, then they would drop off our active carrier list. So our active carrier list has continued to grow, but not at the same pace as it was over the last couple of years. And I can’t really give you a lot more detail or color in terms of what our percentage penetration is of any of those, because we don’t track real cleanly, exactly what the total capacity is for every carrier that we interact with.
Ed Wolfe - Bear Stearns: Have you ever in the past downturns before had trouble finding capacity?
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our approach on that Ed, is that everything is going to move. It’s just a question of how far things have to deadhead. I know, it’s logical to assume that capacity is sort of a fixed thing, but the reality is that capacity can expand or contract depending upon deadhead miles and days that work and all the rest of that. So we’ve always been able to get things moved, it’s just a question of what do you have to pay and how many empty miles will there be. So the general statement is that we will always find capacity, it’s just a question of what it’s going to cost and how much it’s going to take to get it done. So there is no question that it’s easier now in terms of finding something that’s closer to the point of origin. And being able to hopefully pay less for it or having choices of where those carriers want to go.
Ed Wolfe - Bear Stearns: Okay, shifting gears for a second, seasonality. What’s your sense of, historically, third quarter was a stronger quarter, last year it was, but in '05 and '04, fourth quarter were stronger quarters. And from an earnings perspective, almost every quarter except for '01 has been up in fourth quarter over third quarter. How do you look at fourth quarter given this freight environment and what feels like a weaker peak versus the seasonality of third quarter.
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: When we talked earlier about variations from year to year or cycle to cycle, it does feel like the last couple of years with the hurricanes and ramping up in international shipments with larger customers, trying to manage inventories differently and stuff that, perhaps whatever history of patterns there were around fall peaks, might be changing a little bit. So we've always said this, Ed, but it’s really difficult for us to predict. It’s really hard for us to say at this point what the fourth quarter is going to feel like and whether or not it will follow historical patterns or not.
Ed Wolfe - Bear Stearns: Okay. Cash flow, you've been buying back stock in kind of steadier flow. Should we assume this is the new kind of $40 million plus a quarter kind of range? How should we think about that?
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We do look at it every quarter, and again, a big part of it's capital redeployment. We know that the cash can continue to build on the balance sheet. So the repurchases will vary, based on our cash flow generation and any acquisition opportunities we see.
Ed Wolfe - Bear Stearns: What you see on the acquisition front? Is there any thing out there?
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We are continuing to look at things. Nothing imminent or nothing specific to talk about. Kind of the same story as before. We are looking for other third party logistics businesses that could help us build out our network and offer new services
Ed Wolfe - Bear Stearns: Okay, thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you, next question comes from Alex Brand with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: Thanks. You guys hear that breathing, because that is driving me nuts?
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we do hear it, but that’s not us.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: It's not me either. But just a couple of quick questions. And I apologize if you said this in your intro, because I just got on in Q&A. But the sort of gross profit spread range that you're in now, that you're clearly in the top end of. Are we getting close to the end of when we… or let me ask a different way. When will we comp against that higher end range that you think is probably unrealistic to move beyond your historical spread range?
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think we have been pretty close to that. One of the things, for several quarters now, Alex, and one of the things we have tried to point out in our release is that there’s two issues in the margins, there’s mix. So when we have more higher margin activities like management fees or LTL business that’s going to drive up the transportation margin. So from a mix standpoint, gross profit margins could continue to move up. But within the dry van truckload category for instance relative to our historic ranges, we have been on the high side of that range for several quarters. And history, if history repeats itself, we would start to move away from that when volumes started to accelerate. And those incremental loads that we would get, we would probably have to start paying more to cover them, and those margins would start to compress a little or come back. So that long term inverse relationship between volume and margins what we would expect is that when the volume and demand in the marketplace starts to come back, that’s when we start to move away from that high end of the range.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: But from a comparison standpoint, is it first quarter of next year when your comping against kind of the high end of the historical range on truckload?
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, the first quarter of this year was, yes, at the very high end of the range.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: Okay. And in the quarter, your volume growth was very good. And I think you said last quarter that you felt like sort of, a high single digit market share growth was a sustainable number based on sort of the historical pattern. Is that kind of what you still feel like? I mean this is obviously a little bit better in the double-digit range, do you feel pretty good about the sustainability of that?
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We pointed out the separation between the dry van truckload activity which is the largest component of it. And we did have higher growth in some of the refrigerated or LTL services. So depending upon the mix of business and how successful we are, all of the growth is obviously selling new services. So that’s something that we have to continue to do each quarter and execute it. But that would certainly continue to be a reasonable goal for us. What we have talked about before is that our long-term 50% growth goal implies some periods of tailwind of incremental freight from current customers, and some periods of time when there won't be incremental freight from existing relationships. So we have to sell and take market share to grow, and that’s where we are right now. So yes, in this environment, mid to high single digit volume growth would be a reasonable target for us.
Alexander Brand - Stephens Inc.: Okay, that’s all I have, guys, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Hoexter with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Great, good afternoon. Just on the average net revenue per employee, kind of slowed a bit. I know you always say that your hiring is local, is there kind of any shift that you have seen in hiring trends as we go into this bit of a smaller period?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, we really didn’t do anything different. Again, as we grow larger and more diverse in our services with people, a lot of employee in Asia and South America and different business lines, we really break down those metrics by service line and by geographic location. And by our measurements, our net revenue per person metrics were fairly consistent. So, no changes. Are you saying the growth in that slowed down or…
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Yes, the growth slow down, went from about 5% to about, I guess 3.5%.
Chad M. Lindbloom - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, we are continuing to leverage that. and as John mentioned in his prepared remarks, we continuing to leverage the employees we have and try to get more and more productivity out of them. But again, the 5% growth on that revenue per person that we have experienced recently, is high relative to previous years and we are still happy with 3.5% increase.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. And T-Check, I guess as you talk about the slowing trucking environment, should we see that stand in a mid single digit until you start to see a rebound or would that be directly related to kind of the trucking flows?
Chad M. Lindbloom - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I think in a slowing environment like this, their net revenue growth would be more consistent with what it’s been this year. So yes, they are… T-Check, like many other areas of Robinson is working on new and different services and marketing as well. So we would never be content with lower single digit growth. But similar to the freight management services within Robinson, when the activity levels and the demand for the trucks is slower, T-Check doesn’t get incremental transactions from existing customers like they do during high growth.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Okay, makes sense. And then over on the… I just want to clarify something, I guess, John, in his opening comments, said that volumes were up, but pricing was down a little bit because of the soft demand. Can you talk about what level of declines you are seeing in the marketplace on the pricing side, and has that gotten worse over the past couple of weeks or has it stabilized?
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think our van pricing compared to last year's third quarter was pretty consistent with what other truckers have been reporting which is down about 3% on a per mile basis
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Yes. And has that gotten any worse or has it stabilized the last few weeks, months
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Again, we don’t comment on anything during the current quarter, during to quarter.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Can you talk about progression, did it continue to accelerate right up to the end of September .
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The rates compared to last year's rate, the rate of decline was relatively consistent throughout the quarter.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks for that. Thanks, John, thanks, Chad.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question come from David Campbell with Thompson Davis and Company. Please go ahead .
David Campbell - Thompson Davis and Company: Hi, John, Chad. Is there anything unusual about the sourcing gross revenues in the third quarter? They weren't up very much, relative to recent past. Anything unusual about third quarter sourcing?
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, the gross revenues of sourcing, really just fluctuate due to the variations of the commodity prices that we buy and sell. So it's difficult for us to really shed a lot of insight without going down 100 or so commodities. But it's just the fluctuation in the different prices.
David Campbell - Thompson Davis and Company: Depends on the mix of your commodities.
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
David Campbell - Thompson Davis and Company: Okay. And in answer to a question, I thought you said September's volume growth was the best of the three quarters or did I miss here something?
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our net revenue growth per business day was stronger in September than any other month is what I said.
David Campbell - Thompson Davis and Company: Okay. And have you seen any increase in potential acquisitions in this soft environment or is it still about the same as earlier in the year?
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We have not obviously closed any deals or had any more positive experience, which is why we continue to increase our share repurchases and manage our capital that way. As you know, acquisitions are kind of hit or miss and you never know where you really stand on them, so it's hard to say exactly how the pipeline compares to a year or two ago. But it is our hope, our first preference from a capital management standpoint would be to invest in new and different services and do internal growth and acquisitions. So we're going to keep looking, and hopefully we'll be more successful.
David Campbell - Thompson Davis and Company: Okay. Well, my other questions have been answered. Thank you very much.
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Hamilton with RBC Dain. Please go ahead.
Michael Hamilton - RBC Dain Rauscher: Good afternoon. As you look at the various initiatives that you've got going in terms of driving revenue, what things do you think are worth commenting on at this stage. In other words, taking a 12 or 18 month perspective, what areas of focus do you really expect to see gains and acceleration?
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Everything, hopefully. We really have separate teams within the company that focus on each of the different service offerings that we have as well as account management teams that work on integrating the service offerings and trying to figure out, listen to our customers and figure out what it is that they want or need. So each of our service line areas has 15% plus growth targets and hopes to be successful in what they're doing. And a lot of what their actual growth will turn out to be, depends more upon our customers decisions of how they're going to manage their business or how well they grow. So, it is hard to predict. Obviously things like transportation management services are newer to us, so it's easier to grow them at a higher rate. The global forwarding network has a lot of places around the world where we don’t have a lot of presence today, and we have a lot of unexplored territory. So we have pretty high growth aspirations for that. Within the truck category, our European truck business has a lot of opportunity to get into new lanes and to get into new customers. So there's a litany of things like that where we probably have slightly higher volume growth expectations than we do in the traditional dry van North America services that are a little bit more mature.
Michael Hamilton - RBC Dain Rauscher: Along that line, is there any area, where you're driving most investment at this stage, I mean, in the big picture?
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our investments are people and technology, and we're investing in both of those. We're hiring people in each of those categories. We continued to invest a lot in the LTL arena. We talked about our domestic air investments, which obviously expedited ground services and domestic air services, sort of coincide. But in general, our goal is to be a broader supply chain services company and invest in all these different modes and services. So we are trying to do new and different things in each of them, both from adding expertise of people and adding technology and process investments. And how fast we go in each of them is a combination of how well our people do, and where our customers are asking for.
Michael Hamilton - RBC Dain Rauscher: Thanks, John.
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Justin Yagerman with Wachovia Securities. Please go ahead.
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: Can you hear me, guys? Can you hear me?
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Are you on?
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: Yes, I think I'm on here. I'm sorry, I'm calling from a cell phone. Coming at the capacity question from a different angle, wanted to get the sense that if in the T-Check division you have been seeing an increase in defaults on payments, or any kind of that sort of thing coming from small carriers in the marketplace.
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: When T-Check does business with smaller carriers, they tend to be prepaid accounts. So even when those small carriers go out of business, we don’t experience very much bad debt loss due to them, because they have to pre-fund. So, it's really only when we extend receivables in our T-Check business, it is to well-established carriers, that we check their credit and things like that. And even with those carriers, the terms are relatively quick, like three to five days on average.
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: Have you seen any of that activity slowing down in a big way or I guess asked a different way, have you seen a decrease in the sign-ups at T-Check?
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, we haven't. As a matter of fact, we have some specific initiatives around targeting small owner operators with our card, fuel card services as well as broader MasterCard branded services so that they can use it for more than fuel. So we've actually had growth in the small carriers that we're signing up, but it's probably more driven by the fact that we're offering broader and different services to them rather than just fluctuating with their overall success in the economy.
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: Okay, that’s fair. When you look at… I guess, you guys have an interesting view of both the domestic and the international economies, and as you look out, have you seen an increase in kind of the decoupling between international and U.S. from an economic standpoint right now? And maybe a little color on what you're seeing from the truck business that you have in Europe would be interesting.
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The challenge with that is it varies so much on a customer-specific basis. We have many customers that are trying to work with us, and integrate their supply chain. So we are doing both international and domestic services for them. We have other customers that separated and don’t give us good visibility to what they're doing. One specific example that has had a meaningful impact on the trucking environment is the Canadian situation with regards to the Canadian dollar being now worth more than the US dollar and a significant change over the last several years around that. There has been meaningfully different flows in terms of when trucks want to cross the border and the rates they're asking for. So even when we think about international and currency and border crossing issues, right within the North America truck market, it's probably been one of the more vivid examples of how the US economic situation has had a pretty big impact on the freight flows.
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Securities: That’s really interesting. All right, thanks, appreciate the time, guys.
John P. Wiehoff - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Angie Freeman - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you for participating in our third quarter 2007 conference call. This call will be available for replay in the investor relations section of the CH Robinson website at www.chrobinson.com. It will also be available by dialing 800-405-2236 and entering the passcode 11097521#. The replay will be available at approximately 7:00 PM Eastern Time today. If you have additional questions about our third quarter results, please call me, Angie Freeman at 952-937-7847. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that will go ahead and conclude our conference call. We thank you again for your participation. And at this time, you may disconnect.
