===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to Charter Communications, Inc. first quarter 2025 investor call. We ask that you please hold all questions until the completion of the formal remarks, at which time you will be given instructions for the question and answer session. Also as a reminder, this conference is being recorded today. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Stefan Anninger.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, operator, and welcome, everyone. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com. I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cost statements contained in our SEC filings, and we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect management's current view only, and Charter Communications, Inc. undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements. As a reminder, all growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise specified. On today's call, we have Chris Winfrey, our President and CEO, and Jessica Fischer, our CFO. With that, let's turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks, Stefan. We performed well during the first quarter, adding over 500,000 Spectrum Mobile lines and over 2.1 million lines over the last year, for line growth of over 25%. We continue to be the fastest-growing mobile provider in the US, with the fastest connectivity, at the best price. Our Internet customer results improved year over year as we continue to compete well and with the Affordable Connectivity Program headwind now behind us. Revenue was relatively flat year over year while EBITDA growth accelerated to 4.8% driven by a strong contribution from mobile growth, and continually improving service quality through employee and technology investments which also reduced service transactions and cost. The operating environment remains competitive. But the impact of the elimination of the ACP is behind us. On the fiber front, we continue to do well. And while our fiber overlap is expanding, it's growing at about the same pace we've seen for the past couple of years. We also believe these new fiber builds are destined for poor financial returns. Cell phone Internet growth appears to have plateaued and broadband data usage continues to grow. In the first quarter, monthly data usage by our non-video Internet customers grew to approximately 825 gigabytes per month. And over 30% of those customers now use over one terabyte of data per month. It's handset and with handset data usage, growing at an even faster rate. Our fully converged network is the most efficient way to satisfy that growing demand for data. Unlike cell phone networks, which need to regularly densify, which gets reported as CapEx, or if they choose not to densify, tens of billions of dollars in spectrum acquisitions, that aren't included in investor or analyst models. Unlicensed spectrum via WiFi continues to be the wireless workhorse for the American consumer and for the mobile telcos. Spectrum mobile devices utilize our gigabit-enabled fully managed network for the vast majority of traffic. And they offload less than 13% of traffic to slower 5G macro cell towers. Our CBRS deployment is going very well. And by the end of this year will be launched across 23 markets using low power shared license, and unlicensed spectrum fully deployed, but deployed, across high traffic areas with good ROIs. In the meantime, continue to execute on our long-held strategy, delivering the best networks and products, at the best value for residential and business customers combined with unmatched service. So we have a unique set of assets and significant scale as shown on slide four. We offer the fastest Internet, the best WiFi, the fastest mobile product, and Spectrum is the leading video provider in the US. The power of our network continues to improve with symmetrical and multi-gig speeds everywhere we operate. We are adding two by one gigabit per second service to recently upgraded markets this year and the next phases of our network evolution will deliver five gig and ten gigabit per second service. We a reminder, the high split in DOCSIS 4.0 upgrade effectively creates up to one gigahertz of spectrum acquisition across our 950,000-mile footprint. That network spectrum expansion enables up to ten gigabit per of speed to each premise, and can also power small cells for unlicensed and shared license spectrum nearly everywhere. Our footprint continues to grow with our expansion initiative, setting us up for future customer growth as portions of today's rural build become tomorrow's suburban footprint. And unlike our competitors, we provide the very best of our products across 100% of our footprint with full marketing and service capabilities, as shown on slide five. So having the best network and product capabilities by itself isn't enough, though. We have to offer the most value. And slide six of today's presentation shows just one example of the value we offer versus our competitors. We give customers easy ways to save hundreds, and even thousands of dollars per year, whether at promotion or retail. Is the best products. The last key component is service. We've always believed that investing in customer service and satisfaction creates a virtuous cycle in our business that leads to customer and financial growth. And value creation. Our sales and service are 100% US-based using our own employees with good paying jobs and benefits. We're focused on ensuring that Charter Communications, Inc. is a great place to build a long rewarding career building tenure, and driving better employee performance. All part of our execution initiative that we launched a few years ago. Next week, we'll announce to employees our new employee stock purchase plan. The program gives eligible employees the option to purchase Charter Communications, Inc. stock with matching restricted stock units, which increases based on tenure. Our employees are US-based, and committed to their careers and the local communities we all serve. As customers themselves, and now as owners. We've also been investing in machine learning and AI for a number of years. These applications directly benefit customers in various self-help channels. Course. But most of our effort is on making frontline work easier and more efficient. Ultimately, investments in employee compensation, tenure, facilities and tools including machine learning and AI, are all resulting in significant improved service. Cable billing and repair calls were down 15% year over year in the first quarter. And service truck rolls were down 6%. That's been the trend and it continues. And looking forward, AI remains a very large opportunity for us to create value for customers and shareholders. While we could sit back knowing our product quality and value proposition are better, and our long-term investments are working, we're not standing still. In September of last year, we launched our life unlimited brand refresh, also our new customer commitment, which commits us to reliability, and same-day service with customer credits when we do miss the mark. In our new pricing and packaging, which better utilizes our market-leading mobile, and now video products, to present lower promotional and persistent bundled pricing to grow customer ARPU despite lower product pricing. That pricing and packaging is driving a higher number of total products sold Connect, including video, with the launch of Seamless Entertainment still to come. We In our gig Internet attach rate, now close to double what it was a year ago. As a reminder, our Internet and mobile products have no contracts price locks when bundled, market-leading service commitments with 100% US-based service and sales, and taxes and fees are included in our pricing. None of our connectivity competitors do that. Taken together, that's our strategy. Offering the best products, including seamless connectivity and seamless entertainment. The most value, with unmatched service, driving higher quality revenue for HomePass, with free cash flow growth, and high return on investment. Before I turn things over to Jessica, I wanted to note that this week, we added two Liberty nominated members to our board of directors. Marty Patterson and David Wargo. I'd like to welcome them both to our board. And at the same time, Greg Maffei and Jim Meyer, two Liberty Broadband Tazkenes, rolled off this week as well, and I'd like to thank them for their many years of service and value creation for Charter Communications, Inc. and for our shareholders. Now I'll pass it over to Jessica.
Jessica Fischer: Thanks, Chris. Please note that today's results include several Los Angeles wildfire effects. As Chris mentioned last quarter, we are committed to these communities and to actively rebuilding them. Our first quarter customer results include approximately 9,000 disconnects related to the fire. We provided credits to impacted customers and also incurred some incremental expenses, but first quarter adjusted EBITDA was not meaningfully impacted by either. We expect that as we rebuild our plant to approximately 6,000 homes passed in Los Angeles over the coming quarters, we will incur additional CapEx, though not at the level that would require us to change our outlook. Also, please note that this quarter, we made a number of expense reclassifications to reflect changes in how we manage our business. In connection with the recent launch of our Spectrum business brand. Reclassifications do not result in any changes to operating expenses or adjusted EBITDA for any period. We've reclassified prior periods so that appropriate year-over-year growth calculation can be accurately derived. And today's published trending schedule also shows our P and L using both the new and previous expense disclosure methodologies. So that you can see the impact of the changes. Let's please turn to our customer results on slide ten. Including residential and SMB, we lost 60,000 Internet customers in the first quarter. In mobile, we added 514,000 lines. Video customers declined by 181,000. Versus a loss of 405,000 in 1Q24. With the improvement primarily driven by the re-bundling we launched in September along with our life unlimited brand refresh. Video performance doesn't yet reflect the benefits of incorporating seamless entertainment apps in our product. Wireline voice customers declined by 278,000. We were generally pleased with our first quarter customer results. During the quarter, we saw improvements in customer gross additions across Internet, video, and mobile. And lower churn in video and mobile. With Internet churn stable year over year despite the lack of ACP. And well below pre-COVID levels. We continue to compete well across our footprint. In rural, we ended the quarter with 902,000 subsidized rural pass lines. We grew those passings by 89,000 in the first quarter and by over 4,000 over the last twelve months. And we generated 39,000 customer net additions in our subsidized rural foot in the quarter. Continue to expect rural passings growth of approximately 450,000 2025. Our biggest year so far, in addition to continued non-rural construction and fill-in activity. Moving to first quarter revenue on slide eleven. Over the last year, residential customers declined by 2.1%, while residential revenue per customer relationship grew by 2.1% year over year. Given promotional rate step-ups, rate adjustments, and the growth of Spectrum Mobile. Those factors were partly offset by a higher mix of non-video customers, growth of lower-priced video packages within our base, and $47 million of costs allocated to programmer streaming apps and netted within video revenue. As slide eleven shows, in total, residential revenue declined by 0.1%. And Turning to commercial revenue. Total commercial grew by 1.4% year over year. With mid-market and large business revenue, formerly Spectrum Enterprise, growth of 3.9% driven by PSU growth of 5.4%. When excluding all wholesale revenue, mid-market and large business revenue grew by 4.4%. Small business revenue declined by 0.2%, reflecting a decline in small business customers, partly offset by higher revenue per customer. First quarter advertising revenue declined by 12.9% primarily due to less political revenue. Excluding political, advertising revenue decreased by 5.1% due to a more challenged national and local advertising market. Other revenue grew by 13.4%, primarily driven by higher mobile devices. And in total, consolidated first quarter revenue was up 0.4% year over year and 0.8% when excluding advertising revenue. Moving to operating expenses and adjusted EBITDA on slide twelve. In the first quarter, total operating expenses declined by 2.6% year over year. We Program and costs declined by 10.4% due to a 7.3% decline in video customers year over year. A higher mix of lighter video packages, and $47 million of cost allocated to programmer streaming apps and netted within video revenue. Partly offset by higher programming rates. First quarter 2025 programming costs included $12 million of favorable adjustments. Versus $28 million of favorable adjustments in the prior year period. Other cost of revenue increased by 8.7% primarily driven by higher mobile device sales and higher mobiles or and mobile service direct costs. Cost to service customers, which combines field and technology operations and customer operations, declined 2.2% year over year. Primarily due to productivity from our ten-year investments, including lower labor costs. Marketing and residential sales expense grew by 7.7% we remain focused on driving customer acquisition. And given our life unlimited brand relaunch in September. Finally, other expense declined by 7.8% mostly driven by one-time benefits of $75 million. Adjusted EBITDA grew by 4.8% year over year in the quarter. And by 3.4% when excluding the one-time benefits and other expense that I mentioned. Turning to net income, we generated $1.2 billion of net income attributable to Charter Communications, Inc. shareholders in the first quarter. Compared to $1.1 billion last year. Given this quarter's higher adjusted EBITDA and lower interest expense, partly offset by a noncash impairment driven by a balance sheet write-down of our LA Laker RSN this quarter. Turning to slide thirteen. Capital expenditures totaled $2.4 billion in the first quarter, down about $400 million from last year's first quarter, driven by the timing of CPE spend, upgrade rebuild related to network evolution, and line extension spend. While we continue to assess the potential impact of new tariffs, we don't currently expect tariffs to have a significant impact on our capital expenditures for this year. And over the next several years. We have attractive agreements with our equipment vendors, we continue to work with them to minimize the impact of tariffs while at the same time supporting the health of the cable equipment ecosystem. We continue to expect total 2025 capital expenditures to reach approximately $12 billion. And we have not changed our multiyear capital outlook. We also don't anticipate the tariffs to have a meaningful impact on our P and L as the vast majority of our P and L expenses are programming, labor, and service driven and are not subject to the new tariffs. Turning to free cash flow on slide fourteen. First quarter free cash totaled $1.6 billion an increase of approximately $1.2 billion compared to last year's first quarter. We The increase was primarily driven by lower capital expenditures, higher EBITDA, and lower cash interest. Just a brief comment on 2025 cash taxes. We still expect, under existing tax legislation, that our calendar year 2025 cash tax payments will total between $1.6 billion and $2 billion. However, we expect second quarter cash taxes to total around $1 billion, given the two cash tax payments we are always required to make in the second quarter, and some other timing items. We finished the quarter with $93.6 billion in debt principal, Our weighted average cost of debt remains at an attractive 5.2%. Our current run rate annualized cash interest is $4.9 billion. We began repurchasing stock in late February, following shareholder approval of the Liberty Broadband transaction. During the quarter, we we repurchased 2.1 million Charter Communications, Inc. shares in Charter Holdings common units totaling $750 million at an average price per share of $365 As of the end of the first quarter, our ratio of net debt to last twelve month adjusted EBITDA moved down to 4.06 times. And stood at 4.16 times pro forma for the pending Liberty Broadband transaction. Decline in leverage in the quarter was driven by our inability to repurchase shares in the open market until we had shareholder approval of the Liberty Broadband transaction in late February. We expect to gradually increase our leverage to the middle of our four to four and a half times range pro forma for the Liberty transaction over the next several quarters. As we laid out last quarter, our plan is to grow EBITDA in 2025. And with strong contributions from the mobile business as well as continuing efficiency improvements driven by our investments, we made good progress against that plan in the first quarter. As we continue to grow the business financially, we will also see outsized improvements to free cash flow, driven by the end of our major one-time investment in our network evolution and subsidized rural initiative. That reduction in capital spending from approximately $12 billion in 2025 to less than $8 billion in 2028 is equivalent to over $25 of annual free cash flow per share. Based on today's share count. Ultimately, the strength of our P and L and decline in capital intensity over the next several years. Combined with our appropriate balance sheet management and resulting share buybacks, will drive stronger returns for shareholders for many years. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for Q and A.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, if you would like to ask a question, please click on the raise hand button, which can be found on the black bar at the bottom of your screen. When it is your turn, you will receive a message on your screen from the host allowing you to talk. And then you will hear your name called. Please accept. Unmute your audio and ask your question. As a reminder, we are allowing analysts to ask one question today. We will wait one moment to allow the queue to form. Our first question will come from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson.
Craig Moffett: Hi. Thank you. Two questions, if I could. First, can you just talk about the differences that you're seeing in the converged households where you've got wireless now? And if you could also, by the way, update us on what the attach rate is since we have individual lines but not penetration of households. But what kind of differences are you seeing in insurance rate? Is wireless really benefiting your broadband numbers now that it's reached some level of scale? And then just quickly, Jessica, if perhaps you could just let us know whether you think tariffs will have any impact on capital spending and your ability and cost of securing equipment for capital projects.
Chris Winfrey: Sure. So let me tackle the first one and then, you know, we can together tackle the second one. The Converge household difference, we've talked about it before, Craig. There is a substantial difference in the Internet churn rate for a customer who also takes mobile lines. To the extent they have more mobile lines, it's even better. To the extent it's supported mobile lines, it's even better. And to the extent they have, you know, a device that they finance through us, it's even better. So incrementally, it goes to that those degrees. However, and we are getting at good reasonable penetration on Internet. So what I'm about to say starts to lose some of its weight. However, there's a natural tendency for customers who are already going to turn less from Internet be attracted to taking more of your products. And so there's a self-fulfilling prophecy. And so we try not to get too far over our skis in estimating the benefit of that churn reduction to Internet. Is significant. Some of it is based on happy customers to begin with. And but, you know, when you look through the scale that we have today, it is clear that it's not just self-fulfilling prophecy that there is dramatic benefits to our customer base. Of having that. Part of the reason is it isn't just product convergence that is driving that. It's really value convergence. We're saving these customers hundreds and even thousands of dollars. So a technology convergence which allows you to have a faster mobile product because of the combination with our WiFi and increasing CBRS and so that creates a product barrier variation that's positive for us. But there's also, as a newcomer to the mobile space, the ability for us to save these customers hundreds and thousands of dollars. And so that drives penetration, it drives satisfaction, and it drives lower churn. For the existing Internet relationship as well. You know, we're seeing an improved ability to use Spectrum Mobile from an acquisition standpoint. For years, that's been the goal. And so we're starting to see not only the benefits of using mobile for churn reduction, but also for also in acquisition. We've often talked about the mobile penetration. I don't have that in front of me.
Jessica Fischer: Yeah. I think just under 20% of our Internet customers are mobile customers today. We're trying to thank you.
Chris Winfrey: And then on the tariff question, do you wanna start off?
Jessica Fischer: Yeah. I mean, you know, I said it in the prepared remarks, Craig. I don't expect tariffs to have a meaningful sort of overall impact on our capital expenditures, and that was the reason that I was able to reiterate our guide for the year at $12 billion and our multiyear CapEx outlook, even including what we expect for the impact of tariffs today.
Chris Winfrey: Good. And look, I agree. It's all that. You take a step back. I'd just highlight, you know, Charter Communications, Inc. is the American company. Offering services to more than 57 million US families and businesses. And have a 100% US-based workforce. And so naturally, you know, Craig, our preference is to buy American-made product when they're available and when they're priced competitively. And saying the obvious, I think tariff imbalances are, by definition, unfair. And you know, clearly, President Trump has taken a strong stand that at least from the outside, it appears to be creating an important opportunity for other countries to lower their tariffs, eliminate trade barriers. And from our perspective to benefit US workers like ours and our US-based customers. But again, staying the obviously, you know, staying the obvious, we hope that can all happen soon, and we're hoping that's the case. Matt?
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Craig. Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
John Hodulik: Great. And thank you. Chris, could you update us on the rollout of Seamless Entertainment? I think we were waiting for some progress on the digital storefront and folding in some new apps. But any help you can give in terms of the timing what that product will look like. And it seems as if you guys are expecting some further improvement in some of your underlying KPIs, whether it's video or broadband. So could you flush that out a little bit in a zero way to size the impact that we can expect to see? Thanks.
Chris Winfrey: Sure. So let's go through the steps that I talked about the past couple of quarters. The first is to get to these direct-to-consumer apps, which are included now as part of our Spectrum TV select services. Launched in front of customers so that they could actually activate the extent they were looking for it on spectrum.net or myspectrum map. And that has now been complete for all but two of the apps which are remaining, which I believe is Discovery Plus and BT Plus. But the most recent launches were Peacock and AMC Plus, and I'm sure I'll forget a couple along the way, but now it means we've got Disney Plus. We've got ESPN Plus. We've got Vix, we've got Max, we've got Peacock, Paramount Plus. Tennis Channel, all of which either through TV Everywhere or through DTC authentication on those two platforms, Spectrum.net or My Spectrum app. You can go authenticate those as a customer, get the ad-supported version of those today. The second piece that we were looking to implement was the ability for customers to seamlessly upgrade those ad-supported I think I said ad-free, ad-supported DTC apps to upgrade those to ad-free for the incremental dollars of retail value. And that is taking place and for the most part is implemented for those apps that have been launched as well. All that's available today in a much easier format. It's not always consistent based on the credential requirements and authentication requirements of the program, but at least it's much more user-friendly today. It was just a couple months ago. And so we're making real progress there. The digital store that we've talked about will be launching, you know, a little bit later this year, which enables all of that to be put together in even more seamless way, but also to sell these direct-to-consumer apps to our broadband customers on the increment as well and manage your subscription in and out, including DTC the direct-to-consumer ad-supported inclusion, upgrade to ad-free, selling these apps to, you know, broadband customers. And upgrading into packages that will allow you to have more value inside these direct-to-consumers. So it's all making progress. We are at a stage where we're feeling more comfortable of driving that into the marketplace. And so those who live in footprint particularly for investors in New York City and Los Angeles, keep an eye out for advertising that will be highlighting the benefits to customers of our video products of being able to include these services in. I think the really exciting part is having the support of the programmers to help drive and understand that Spectrum Internet is the best place to be able to get these apps. And that these apps are included as part of your service for Spectrum TV Select. Really, we've gotten the programs combined. You'll to come behind us, and so you'll see advertising that's really compelling helping support the Spectrum products from Disney, from Max, from Paramount Plus. All that's in market today and it's compelling and it recognizes that the best place for customers get all this value is through Spectrum. And the best place for programmers to get the value to them is really to have all these services bundled together to the extent a customer can afford it. And so I'm excited. The video product, because of where we've gotten to it, it's not necessarily cheap. Because of all the rate increases that the brokers took historically. But now there's real value inside there when you combine that with the utility of Zumo, it gives you the ability to save significant amounts of money. We now have $80 in and more of value that comes in from the inclusion of these apps as part of your TV Select service. And so we're excited about it. So to answer your question, we haven't started to aggressively market that yet. We'll start to see some of that coming around. I don't think that the improvement in video that you've seen so far is uniquely driven by these apps and inclusions as of yet. So I would hope that it gets better. The reason our video performance is better is because we've been of the new pricing and packaging that bundles in that allows us to present a lower Internet price, both a promotion of retail when you bundle video. The reason that we're able to do that is because we had more confidence in the value of the video product that we were putting in front of customers. It was also good about standing behind the products that we offer. And that's a real testament to the programmers who have worked with us over the past year and a half to get to that space and I think we're on a good trajectory in and know, it's a little unknown. I'd call it option value. The biggest driver here for us is obviously Internet and mobile. But I think our good year results can improve and I think we're offering a compelling product and at a minimum it's something that we're proud to put on the bill. Now and to use together with Broadband.
John Hodulik: Chris, do you think the launch of the service also will benefit the trends on the broadband side along with video?
Chris Winfrey: I think over time, that is certainly the goal. If for no other reason that by bundling in mobile and video, it allows us to have a lower presented price for Internet both at promotion and retail and have lower roll-offs in terms of promotional roll-offs. Which benefits not only at acquisition, but service transactions over time and churn over time as well. So it was an elegant way to get us into an environment where we could despite having a superior product, present a lower price than our competitors because of the all-in value that we could provide to the household, which is unique. None of our competitors able to have Internet and mobile everywhere they operate. And none of our competitors are able to actually offer that bundled together with video and save, importantly. Save customers hundreds or thousands of dollars on mobile. Provide them a video product that can potentially reduce their bill compared to what they're paying through this wealth of direct-to-consumer apps that they're paying for or not paying for through unauthorized credentials.
John Hodulik: Great. Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, John. Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jonathan Chaplin with New Street Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Chris Winfrey: Hey, Jonathan. You might be on mute.
Operator: Hey, Jonathan. Your line is open. You'll just need to unmute on your side. But please, when you're feel free to go ahead. Why don't we go to our next question, and we'll return to Jonathan? So for our next question, we will hear from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne: Morning. Can you hear me?
Jessica Fischer: Yes. Yep. Hi, Ben.
Chris Winfrey: Hey. Great.
Stefan Anninger: Chris, I'm sure you're aware there's a lot of focus right now certainly in the investment community and in the industry on kinda promotions and promotional roll-off. This is not new, but something the Charter Communications, Inc. has been doing for a long time. And we can sort of see in your results now I think, the success you're having in kind of rolling off some of the Spectrum one promotions and driving faster revenue growth in mobile and broadband. I'm wondering if you could talk about you know, why it's working well for you in this environment? And maybe more importantly, you know, why you think you could continue to execute that approach with your new life unlimited plans in a market that seems to be increasingly focused on kinda price locks and all-in pricing. And I guess you're confident that it's the right strategy because the revenues are there, as you can tell from the question, people still looking for broadband to get better on the KPI front. I'd love just to get your thoughts given where we are in the market around promo roll-off pricing and packaging and the competitive environment. I just wanted to ask Jessica anything you'd wanna give us in terms of OPEX outlook for the year that's different from the end of the fourth quarter call? I was thinking maybe cost of service and other expenses seem to be trending nicely for you year on year. Any update if you have any would be helpful. So much.
Chris Winfrey: So on the promotions and roll-offs, you know, that's a very deep and extensive topic, so I'll do my best to cover a bit of it. I think first and foremost, you have to have the very best product in terms of speed and reliability. Reliability. The second is that you have to create value for customers and save them money, whether that's a promotion or at retail. And the third is, yes, we do reuse promotional pricing to drive acquisition, but even when you're at retail, it needs to stick. And you need to minimize the promotional roll-offs that you have. Because it drives service transactions, customer dissatisfaction, can result in churn particularly if that retail price doesn't deliver the value relative to your competition. So while a charter we had, we believe, the lowest prices across cable, when you get into retail rate pricing, we were looking for a way that said, is there elegant way to migrate to lower pricing at retail for Internet include you know, primarily bundled, but also including for single play products. In a way that was, not tearing apart the existing base of revenue that we have. And the way to do that is to use the products that we have that are competitive advantage, which is mobile, now given the work that we've done as video to say when you bundle together, you can have at a promotional rate forty dollars gig which will have low roll up which will have first and foremost, you know, pricing price lock of two years if you bundle with two types of products and three-year price lock you bundle with three products. And even when you're out of that and you have two years of promotional roll-offs, so five years down the road, you're at a price point that is still very competitive in the market. Marketplace and offers a better product and more value. Whether it's bundled or not. And that's where we put ourselves in a position to do so in a way that was still that works well for customers and works well for our shareholders as well. And so that's you know, without spending thirty minutes on it, that's the essence of our strategy. And to put more products and value in so when you think about driving in with Gig as opposed to just our 500 megabit per second using the strengths that we have, putting in the unlimited plus version of the product when you bundle together with gig putting in the cloud DVRs included as part of the service as long as the Zuma box as well as the Zuma box when you're bundling in that triple play. So it's more than just the amount of PSUs. It's the depth and the quality of the product that we're willing to add in and contribute into that bundle. As you move upstream and it drives quality. Into the customer base and protects them from churn as these small step-ups occur and, most importantly, when you get to retail pricing because it's a product set, and pricing and packaging that cannot be replicated in the marketplace because of how we approach the market. And then if you can combine that, with high-quality service, right. The goal is to have this customer for life and think we had always done a pretty good job of all those things I said. Pricing and packaging that we launched. But we had an opportunity to do even better, and that's what the in September enabled us to do. I think it's early days. And right. I think the real value of what we've done last September you won't see until you start to get into year you know, beyond year one. As you have roll-offs that are less, or in fact, you know, bundled price locks that are taking place, which means you have even lower amounts of calls, lower amounts of churn, and then for many years to come, you'll have a compounding effect of those lower service transactions and lower churn because there's more value inside that bundle and there's more customers who are bundled. Does that make sense?
Ben Swinburne: Yep.
Jessica Fischer: On the operating expenses side, Ben, you know, we had a little more volatility in the quarter in the growth rate from our marketing and residential sales, but I still anticipate over the course of the year that the that that line will grow in the low to mid-single digits. I'm in the same place that we were before on programming, cost per video customer, and cost to service customer, cost to service customers where I would expect it to be flat to slightly down for the year. In other expense, I think we we hadn't given a suggestion there. I think absent the one-time item in this quarter, and I and I would just note that other expense is a space where we sometimes do encounter one-time items over the course of the year. Absent those, I would have expected a you know, also a low to mid-single-digit growth rate and other expense. But that I'm about I'll call out that it's subject to those one-time items.
Ben Swinburne: Got it. Thank you so much.
Stefan Anninger: Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: For our next question, we'll return to Jonathan Chaplin with New Street Research. Please unmute your line and go ahead. Jonathan, I see that you are unmuted. You may need to select a different microphone input.
Jonathan Chaplin: Sorry. Can you hear me now?
Chris Winfrey: We can. Yes. We can hear you.
Jonathan Chaplin: Sorry about that. Chris, I'd love to just delve a little bit more into the life unlimited pivot that you guys made back in September. I think this sort of sort of a really important moment for the company. And when we look at our recon analytics data on NPS, it looks like there's a steady improvement since September. And I'd love to get a perspective of how that sort of matches your internal tracking. And then I know that you said in response to the earlier question, the real benefits we'll see over time. But I'm wondering what sort of you're seeing in early life churn on the customers that are on the life unlimited package. Relative to what you've seen before and sort of signals that give you confidence in that on in that future improvement.
Chris Winfrey: Yeah. So what you would just ask there is what I would call young early tenure customer retention rate is better post the launch of the bundle pricing and packaging in September, which is what you would expect. And so that answers the question there. I think the think as I was I was talking through Ben, the real benefit of this won't be fully recognized until we get beyond year one. And into year two and into year three. And I think even going into years four and five, you'll see the benefit of that. We are looking at ways when customers call in under what I've called legacy pricing and packaging, ways to migrate them into this new spectrum pricing and packaging in a way that delivers them a much higher level of value at the same or slightly higher price point, but giving them a tremendously higher amount of product. Doing so because we can't. And because it preserves margin for us and puts that customer in a much better relationship. And expiration that we can start to so maybe there's a chance that even prior to the September one year actively migrate customers into Spectrum pricing and packaging that was launched at the same time as the life unlimited branding. And that may give us an opportunity to do more with that legacy customer or existing customer base earlier. As it relates to NPS, there's so many different factors going in. Can have great improving NPS and then you can have a small rate increase that, you know, puts a thing into that. But I do agree, generally, we see the same overall trend that net promoter score is increasing. That's a function of the price and packaging. That's the function of the quality and the reliability of the product. Also a function of the changes we've made with our customer commitment and some of the softer things that we've done inside of the call centers to make sure cut like, our customers know that the employee that they're speaking to genuinely is an employee. It's based here in the US. And that we appreciate the time the customers had with us and really their commitment to us as Spectrum. And so we've, you know, made a lot of changes in that environment too and standing behind the product. Credits. Providing that transparency and proactively providing credits when we do miss the mark. It goes a long way. All those things put together is how you get net promoter score to grow up. So value, reliability, great service, recognition, US-based employee that we have. 100% for sales and service infrastructure, which I don't think we tout it enough. And I think all that is working. To your point, and but I think it's very early days. And I think you'll see bumps along the road. But the overall trend should be going up into the right.
Jonathan Chaplin: And, Chris, if there's no change in market growth or the competitive environment, from what we're seeing right now, the improvements that you expect in your two, three, four etcetera, do you think those are enough to get you back to positive broadband subscriber growth?
Chris Winfrey: I do.
Jonathan Chaplin: Great. Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Jonathan. Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jim Schneider: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you maybe give us a bit of an update on what you see in terms of the broader consumer behavior in your base. One of your peers sort of called out higher mobile substitution in some of their cohorts. I'm wondering if you're seeing any of those effects, but then more broadly, maybe talk about any consumer trade down effects, pressure in credit metrics, although they didn't seem to show up this quarter in any way. Just kinda wondering, what you're hearing anecdotally from the consumer side, based on all the sort of macro uncertainty we have right now. Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: Sure. Look, I don't think what we're seeing is that different, and I'll come to that. But I wanna be clear. Our sales are up. And our churn is relatively stable despite the higher nonpaid disconnect that Jessica mentioned. So we feel good about our own trends. The factors that are going into broadband industry growth right now. At the end of ACP, it's largely behind us. I assume that's the same for the industry as a whole. As you mentioned, mobile substitution including some low-end cell phone Internet migration, is almost back to where it was pre-pandemic, so it's continuing. But my hope is that slows and gets back to where it was, and that's our expectation. Both of those I think are going our direction in terms of industry growth. One of the big bogeys here is we'll have to see where the housing market goes. And that's always been a contributor to broadband industry growth that hasn't changed. So the first two I mentioned, end of ACP, mobile substitution reversion, I think are going our direction. The housing climate is a little bit unknown right now and that will have an impact. But even that, you know, tends to be temporary in nature. And then the other thing that you asked about is essentially the market climate really is a recession question. Have not seen anything significant with the consumer so far. And neither in non-pay disconnect rates, they're up slightly only because of the lack of ACP. And I would say in a market environment where customers are rightfully tightening their wallet, our strategy is go back and, you know, think about what I just said with Ben and Jonathan. Our strategy having the very best products and service and at attractive prices and pro focusing on saving customers money. If you look at that slide that's in the presentation that we had today, it's huge money. So in a recessionary in any environment, particularly in a recessionary environment, I think our products and our pricing our works very well across all environments. And I think even in a recession, you know, we can present value to customers and stickiness to having the best products at the best prices. You know, advertising and telling customers you can save them hundreds or even thousands of dollars on converged broadband and mobile services is a great way. And if you can put together their video package, whether it's through skinny bundles or through really full when I say full, meaning, including linear live video plus all of the direct-to-consumer app bundles in a way that that creates value and saves you money in a recessionary environment, I think you're in a good position. And I'll just add one final thing to that. We do have we're proud of that. There's a variety of packages that meet the needs of low income or income constrained consumers. We always have and we target that market to make sure that we're servicing all areas of our communities. So I don't have a crystal ball on the economy. But I think we're pretty well positioned for potential headwinds in a recessionary environment. If that's what's coming. I'm not like I said, I don't have a crystal ball, and I'm not predicting that. I'm just saying that we're in a pretty good spot.
Jim Schneider: Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Jim. Operator, we'll take our final question, please.
Operator: Our final question will come from Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Kraft: Hi. Can you hear me okay?
Chris Winfrey: How you doing?
Bryan Kraft: Hi. Good morning. I just have a question on fiber competition. Would you be able to give us a sense for the difference in your broadband penetration levels in markets where you've competed with fiber for a long time relative to the non-fiber markets? You know, are you splitting the market fifty-fifty in those areas after you kinda take out the portion captured by fixed wireless at this point? And also, specifically in the older markets, has it been stable as of late, or is competitive fiber still, you know, gaining share in those areas? Just trying to get some more color there if you wouldn't mind sharing that. Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: Sure. It's been a while, but we've provided color on this in the past. When we have new fiber overbuilders inside of our markets, we have a huge penetration points of rollback. That's been the case. It's still the case. And so it's just a question of mix and newness of fiber rollout. And the pace of fiber rollout has been about the same. So when you think about all of the market dynamics that are impacting our Internet growth rate, it isn't because that fiber overbuild has been there for more than a decade. The impact of fiber has been consistent and steady. And it's really more about the mobile substitution and the introduction of a new low-end competitor with cell phone Internet. Those have been the two big drivers in just market size, because of all the things that we've been talking about through this call. So the other thing I would tell you about fiber penetration is at least inside of our footprint, which goes to your question of fifty-fifty split, that's not what we see. Never been what we see. It's not what we see today. And so you when you hear other companies talk about the type of penetrations that they are getting all I can say is they must be having outsized penetration in non-charter markets. Because we don't see a fifty-fifty split share of sales continuing even after a tenured rollout of the fiber overbuild of having higher penetration than fifty-fifty of the broadband penetration inside those markets.
Bryan Kraft: Thanks. Thanks, Chris, for that color. Appreciate it.
Chris Winfrey: Good.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Bryan. That concludes our call. Thanks, everyone. Leila, I'll pass it back to you.
Operator: Thank you for joining the call today. We've now concluded, and you may disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-31 02:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to Charter Communications Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Investor Call. We ask that you please hold all questions until the completion of the formal remarks, at which time, you will be given instructions for the question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Stefan Anninger.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, operator, and welcome, everyone. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com. I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, and we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect management's current view only, and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements. As a reminder, all growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise specified. On today's call, we have Chris Winfrey, our President and CEO, and Jessica Fischer, our CFO. With that, let's turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks, Stefan. In 2024, we managed the end of the Affordable Connectivity Program successfully. Outside of normal churn, we kept roughly 90% of former ACP customers connected. Our Spectrum Mobile business continued to grow at a rapid rate. We added over 2 million Spectrum Mobile lines in 2024. We're the fastest growing mobile provider in the US with the fastest connectivity at the best price. Our expansion initiative continued to deliver good passings growth, driven by our subsidized rural initiative and normal construction and fill-in activity. In 2024, we grew revenue by 1%, while full year EBITDA growth accelerated to 3.1%, driven by continued strong mobile growth, our cost efficiency initiatives, and political advertising. Late last year and early this year, we had unexpected natural disasters from Hurricane Helene impacting Florida, the Carolinas, and the broader Southeast, with Hurricane Milton across Central Florida, and most recently, the Los Angeles fires. There are, of course, subscriber and financial impacts which Jessica will cover, but our employees work and live in these communities, so it's also personal. Stories of our frontline employees' commitment abound, including employees helping to reestablish connectivity for customers despite losing their own homes and countless employees traveling in from other regions to stay and to help. Really proud of how our frontline employees have responded. And from Stamford, we learned some lessons on how to put customers at ease sooner, and we got better with our communications along the way. Part of our customer commitment is to always improve, and we are. As we look to 2025 and beyond, the environment for broadband, mobile and video remains competitive, but we had better visibility than this time last year. The impact of the elimination of the ACP is now behind us. Cell phone Internet net additions appear to have peaked or at least stabilized, and we continue to compete well against new fiber overlap. In the meantime, we haven't stayed still, which sets us up well for the future. Our multiyear investment initiatives, including network evolution, network expansion and execution, including the investment in frontline employees and tenure to benefit our service, are all delivering tangible results. And last September, we relaunched the Spectrum brand and its promise to customers through Life Unlimited, with our first -- a market-first customer service commitment and making better use of our unique assets through converged seamless connectivity across 100% of our network and now seamless entertainment and video. The positive impacts from our customer commitment and brand refresh investments take time to be recognized, but you can already see the positive effect from our new pricing and packaging in video results. In late 2022, we launched a number of strategic initiatives and communicated a significant one-time capital investment to enhance our growth potential long-term. While the investments put temporary pressure on our near-term free cash flow growth, these were a unique set of non-recurring and generational industry investments. They include the largest broadband expansion since 1980s, the largest physical upgrade of the network since 1990s, market-leading convergence of our wireline and wireless capabilities, and an exciting video transformation, which will help drive our connectivity business. 2025 will have a slightly higher level of investment than 2024, but this year will also be our peak capital investment. So, this is a fitting time to highlight where our strategy leaves us competitively, operationally, and financially for the coming years. We have a unique set of assets and significant scale, as shown on Slide 4. Spectrum has the fastest Internet, the best WiFi, the fastest mobile product, and is the leading video provider in the US with over 900,000 miles of network infrastructure, 57 million residential and SMB passings, and over 300,000 fiber lit buildings. Of course, we have significant competition from wireline overbuild, cell phone Internet, and satellite across all of our products. The power of our network, though, continues to improve, with symmetrical and multi-gig speeds, allowing product developers to create applications and use cases that require high capacity, low latency, high reliability and edge compute. Product and software developers can rely on the ubiquitous deployment across all the major cable networks in the US, so we're very well positioned. In fact, it's always been the US cable companies that have built the fully-deployed platforms that have enabled the development of next-generation products and services, despite the handicap of being regional operators competing against national and now global competitors. The ability to provide the very best of our products across our entire footprint is unique. That includes new features we're developing for seamless connectivity and seamless entertainment. Convergence is a popular phrase amongst our competitors now. And while it's flattering to hear our own wording adopted by others, Slide 5 of our presentation today speaks for itself. We're very underpenetrated relative to our converged connectivity capabilities. Having the best network and product capabilities by itself isn't enough, and that's why we've always focused on the ability to have the most value in our packages, combining the best products with ways for customers to save hundreds or even thousands of dollars a year, whether at promotion or retail prices. And anytime you have new entrants, consumers can be enticed to try a new provider even at lower quality and higher all-in prices, but in the long-term, we believe the best products and best pricing across a package of those services will win. The Slide 6 of our presentation is example of that advantage across typical broadband and mobile packages. Together with our upcoming seamless entertainment offers, highlighting this value is the goal of our recent pricing and packaging under the Life Unlimited brand refresh. I spoke about the sequencing of our seamless entertainment launches on last quarter's call, and that timing in 2025 hasn't changed, so I won't repeat the steps and priorities. But we look forward to fully rolling that out in the first half of this year and delivering even more value to consumers, up to $80 of retail app value when subscribing to our video packages. That customer proposition is shown on Slide 7 of our presentation. Similar to mobile, taking video as part of the package now ensures a lower price for Internet, both at promotion and retail. And, of course, we couple all that with high-quality service. We've always believe that investing in customer service and satisfaction creates a virtuous cycle in our business: better customer service translates to fewer customer transactions; fewer transactions produces higher customer satisfaction and lower churn; lower churn reduces cost and increases in penetration; and lower cost gives us the ability to offer better pricing, which works for customer acquisition, service and satisfaction and positions us for growth. Our sales and service is a 100% US-based, made in America, if you will, using our own employees with good paying jobs and benefits. Employees are also Spectrum customers, committed to developing their local communities and their career at this company. That is a competitive advantage, an investment we already made in wages, benefits and real estate that's difficult to replicate. And that existing investment is also why it was so easy for us to make our market-leading customer commitments. We stand behind our commitments, service credits when we miss the mark. As a reminder, we've provided a summary of those commitments on Slide 8. For years, we've been investing in machine learning and now AI, and much of our effort is making frontline work easier and more efficient, which drives higher customer and employee satisfaction. Some of those examples include full service, network, CPE, and billing telemetry on the account, which is automatically presented to an agent now when answering the phone. In addition, AI is also listening to the conversation, providing proactive optimized solutions, customer sentiment, ChatGPT-style technical support, call summarization, and flagging post-call training opportunities. AI call summarization also helps the field technician assess the issue before they even get to the door, improving the customer interaction. And that's in addition to rolling out our own [ChatGPT] (ph) on their handheld devices to more accurately pinpoint issues and recommend the best fix to the field tech. We deal with millions of transactions every year, and, honestly, there aren't millions of best outcomes. So, transactions can be more effective. It can be shortened and reduced, driving higher customer satisfaction and lower churn, but also higher employee satisfaction, which drives lower attrition or tenure and, therefore, better service, which, of course, produces less transactions as a result. Taken together, that is our strategy and competitive positioning. The best network, best products, most value with unmatched service, driving more household penetration, higher product penetration per household, lower service transactions in churn and lower operating and capital cost per customer, which allows us to have the lowest pricing, a virtuous cycle. The financial output is high-quality revenue per home passed with free cash flow growth and high return on investment. We're not perfect and we've always got room for better execution and speed, but I believe we have a great recipe for growth of our existing products with the investments we've already made. And we have strategic assets in our network, our fully US-based sales and service employees. Those will enable future products and revenue streams and operational efficiencies that aren't even considered in our financial plans today. In the meantime, we position the company for customer and profitability growth, clear visibility to free cash flow growth, and improving capital allocation and return philosophy. This is a winning formula. It's with a fully dedicated and a hungry team. So, we're excited about 2025 and beyond. And with that, let me hand it over to Jessica.
Jessica Fischer: Thanks, Chris. Before discussing our fourth quarter results, I want to mention that today's results include a number of Hurricane Helene and Hurricane Milton impacts, which hit the Southeast US in late September and early October. Our fourth quarter customer results include over 20,000 additional disconnects related to the storms. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA was reduced by approximately $35 million, primarily driven by hurricane-related customer credits and revenue, and the storms drove approximately $125 million in total incremental capital expenditures in the fourth quarter. Today's results do not include any impact related to the wildfires that hit Southern California in January. Our first quarter results will include some lost customers and passings related to the fires. We're still assessing impacted areas, and we expect to incur capital expenditures to recover and rebuild lost passings. We've been providing bill credits to customers in impacted areas and those one-time credits will offset some first quarter revenue. We may also have some incremental operating expense, although we expect that to be relatively small. And we'll isolate the impact of the fires when we report our first quarter results. Unrelated, we recently completed an extensive review of our serviceable passings to clean up duplicate passings and other data and to identify new passings. As a result, we reduced total estimated passings in our trending schedule for all periods presented by 1.7 million passings. Additionally, because of the GAAP requirement, our cost to service customers expense line has been divided into two new cost lines, field and technology operations and customer operations. The best way to forecast these two new line items is to combine them into one figure as presented in the past as cost to service customers, And that's how I will refer to them today when reviewing our expense results. Let's please return to our customer results on Slide 10. Including residential and SMB, we lost 177,000 Internet customers in the fourth quarter. In mobile, we added 529,000 lines. Video customers declined by 123,000, with the improvement driven by the rebundling we launched in September along with our Life Unlimited brand refresh. Video performance does not yet reflect the benefits of incorporating seamless entertainment apps in our product. Wireline voice customers declined by 274,000. In addition to the 20,000 Internet disconnects driven by the hurricanes, the end of the ACP program drove higher fourth quarter non-pay and voluntary churn among former ACP customers for a total estimated fourth quarter ACP impact of approximately 140,000 Internet losses, primarily non-pay disconnects and some voluntary churn. Looking forward, we believe we're past the one-time ACP-related impacts to our customer base. Beyond ACP and hurricane impacts, we were generally pleased with our fourth quarter customer results, and core Internet results, which exclude ACP and storm-related losses, were better than last year. We continue to compete well across our footprint. As Chris discussed, we continue to pursue initiatives that are intended to drive customer and financial growth, including network evolution, new pricing and packaging, converged connectivity product development, and footprint expansion, including our subsidized rural initiative. As of year-end, we had launched symmetrical 1-gigabit speeds in all eight of our Step 1 markets. Earlier this year, we launched 2 x 1 gigabit service in two of these markets, Lexington, Kentucky and Cincinnati. And we plan to launch 2 x 1 service in additional markets later this year. Demand for faster Internet speeds continues to grow as data usage grows. In the fourth quarter, monthly data usage by our residential Internet customers, who don't have our traditional video product, reached over 800 gigabytes. Our WiFi also continues to improve, driven by our advanced WiFi product and our new WiFi 7 router. Our WiFi supports our converged connectivity product including Spectrum Mobile, which is only in about 8% of passings, but remains the fastest-growing mobile service in the United States and offers the fastest overall speeds. Turning to rural, we ended the quarter with a total of 813,000 subsidized rural passings. We grew those passings by 117,000 in the fourth quarter and by nearly 400,000 over the last 12 months, and we generated 41,000 net customer additions in our subsidized rural footprint in the quarter. 2025 customer growth should benefit from 2024 rural passings growth as well as passings growth in 2025. We expect rural passings growth of approximately 450,000 in 2025, our biggest year so far, in addition to continued non-rural construction and fill-in activity. Moving to fourth quarter revenue results on Slide 11. Over the last year, residential customers declined by 2.2%, while residential revenue per customer relationship grew by 1.7% year-over-year, given promotional rate step-ups, rate adjustments, and the growth of Spectrum Mobile. Those factors were partly offset by a higher mix of non-video customers, growth of lower-priced video packages within our base, $34 million of hurricane-related residential customer credits, and $37 million of costs, which accounting principles required to be allocated to programmer streaming apps and netted within video revenue. As Slide 11 shows, in total, residential revenue declined by 0.4%. Turning to commercial, total commercial revenue grew by 1.9% year-over-year, with SMB revenue growth of 0.3%, reflecting higher monthly SMB revenue per SMB customer, primarily due to rate adjustments. Enterprise revenue grew by 4.4%, driven by enterprise PSU growth of 5.2%. And when excluding all wholesale revenue, enterprise revenue grew by 5.2%. Fourth quarter advertising revenue grew by 26%, given political revenue growth. Excluding political, advertising revenue decreased by 8.2% due to a more challenged national and local advertising market. Other revenue grew by 14.6%, primarily driven by higher mobile device sales. And in total, consolidated fourth quarter revenue was up 1.6% year-over-year, and 1% when excluding advertising revenue and hurricane-related customer credits. Moving to operating expenses and adjusted EBITDA on Slide 12. In the fourth quarter, total operating expenses grew by 0.3% year-over-year. Programming costs declined by 9.1% due to an 8.7% decline in video customers year-over-year and a higher mix of lighter video packages, along with $37 million of costs, which accounting principles required to be allocated to programmer streaming apps and netted within video revenue, partly offset by higher programming rates. Other costs of revenue increased by 16.2%, primarily driven by higher mobile device sales and mobile service direct costs, as well as higher advertising sales expense related to higher political revenue. Cost to service customers, which combines field and technology operations and customer operations, declined 0.5% year-over-year given productivity from our tenure investments, including lower labor costs. Sales and marketing costs grew by 3.2% as we remain focused on driving customer acquisition and given our Life Unlimited brand relaunch in September. Finally, other expenses declined by 0.7%. Adjusted EBITDA grew by 3.4% year-over-year in the quarter and by 1.8% when excluding advertising. As we look ahead to the full year 2025, we face headwinds that we didn't last year, including the lack of political advertising revenue and the full year impact from the prior year Internet customer losses primarily due to the end of ACP. But our plan is to grow adjusted EBITDA in this year. Turning to net income, we generated $1.5 billion of net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the fourth quarter compared to $1.1 billion last year, given this quarter's higher adjusted EBITDA and a larger pension remeasurement loss in the prior-year period. Turning to Slide 13, capital expenditures totaled $3.1 billion in the fourth quarter, up about $200 million from last year's fourth quarter. Line extension spend totaled $1.1 billion, driven by our subsidized rural construction initiative and continued network expansion across residential and commercial greenfield and market fill-in opportunities. Fourth quarter capital expenditures, excluding line extensions, totaled $2 billion, about $130 million higher than last year. The increase was mostly driven by CPE due to purchase timing and higher scalable infrastructure spend. 2024 capital expenditures totaled $11.3 billion, less than our original expectation for $12.2 billion to $12.4 billion, given lower network evolution and line extension spending, both due to timing. We expect total 2025 capital expenditures to reach approximately $12 billion, including line extension spend of approximately $4.2 billion and network evolution spend of approximately $1.5 billion. On Slide 14, we've provided our current expectations for capital spending through the year 2028, excluding any line extension spending associated with the BEAD program as we are still in the early stages of bidding, and we have a lower appetite to bid due to regulatory conditions. Our current multiyear CapEx outlook is largely unchanged in total versus our prior outlook, with retiming across years and slight changes across categories. We expect total line extension capital expenditures to decline after 2025 even inclusive of BEAD, which we wouldn't expect to be more than a few hundred million dollars per year for the four years starting in 2026. And our RDOF build is still expected to be completed by the end of 2026, two years ahead of schedule. We now expect our total network evolution initiative capital to reach $5.4 billion over the period 2024 to 2027 versus $4.6 billion previously, given our [full plant walkout] (ph) and the finalization of more detailed project plans. Looking beyond 2025, we expect total capital spending in dollar terms to be on a meaningful downward trajectory, even inclusive of BEAD spending. And after our evolution and expansion capital initiatives conclude, our run rate capital expenditures should be below $8 billion per year. Just to highlight, that reduction in capital expenditures on its own from approximately $12 billion in 2025 to less than $8 billion in 2028 is equivalent to $25 of annual free cash flow per share based on today's share count. And while we always prioritize our free cash flow for organic opportunities first and then accretive M&A and buybacks, there are currently no organic capital expenditure opportunities on the horizon that give us concern with that capital expenditures outlook. Fourth quarter free cash flow totaled $984 million, a decrease of approximately $80 million compared to last year's fourth quarter. The decline was primarily driven by higher capital expenditures, cash taxes and cash interest, partly offset by a larger cable working capital benefit, driven by the implementation of our supply chain financing program and higher adjusted EBITDA in this year's fourth quarter. Just a brief comment on 2025 cash taxes. We currently expect under existing tax legislation that our calendar year 2025 cash tax payments will total between $1.6 billion and $2 billion. We finished the quarter with $93.8 billion in debt principal. In December, we financed -- we refinanced most of our 2027 maturity tower, extending about $13 billion of our credit facilities to 2030 and 2031. After that refinancing, our maturities in each of the next three years are less than $4 billion per year. Our weighted average cost of debt remains very attractive at 5.2%, partly driven by our long-dated fixed rate profile. Our current run rate annualized cash interest is $4.9 billion. In the fourth quarter, we repurchased 292,000 Charter shares and Charter Holdings common units, totaling $113 million at an average price of $384 per share. As of the end of fourth quarter, our ratio of net debt to last 12 month adjusted EBITDA moved down to 4.13 times and stood at 4.24 times pro forma for the pending Liberty Broadband transaction. Our leverage ratio may decline further given our pause in buybacks, but we are still targeting the midpoint of our 4 times to 4.5 times target leverage range, though now pro forma for the pending Liberty Broadband transaction. We look forward to resuming our open market buyback program following the shareholder vote for the Liberty Broadband transaction scheduled for February 26. As laid out, we've invested in a strong platform for growth, which we expect to see materialize across the business over the last -- over the next several years. And as our capital spending peaks this year, we are poised for strong free cash flow growth and shareholder returns. And with that, I will turn it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Jonathan Chaplin with New Street Research. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thanks, guys. A question on CapEx. So, I'm wondering if you can give -- just remind us what the end status for the network upgrade in terms of -- I think it's 100% of the footprint will have a high split, and then a portion of the footprint will be upgraded to DOCSIS 4.0 by the end of 2027. Can you remind us how that -- what that is and how it might have changed based on the new guidance? And then, for line extension CapEx, I see that the total spend is down, but the number of rural locations is up. Have you reduced the pace of line extensions that you expect to build in non-rural locations? Thank you.
Jessica Fischer: Yeah. So, Jonathan, I'll start with the line extension one. Two things happened inside of that. We've pulled back a bit on our proactive commercial build. And our expectations are a bit lower for greenfield given that the housing market remains sluggish, though even that, I would say, hasn't meaningfully reduced our passings growth outlook. So, I think, what you see is correct. We do have a few more rural passings than we had before, but it's offsets in there that are bringing the total number down. As far as the net network upgrade goes, our plan for the split across the three steps hasn't changed. So, we're still 15%, that will be 1.2 gigahertz. 50% then moves to distributed access architecture, but still at 1.2 gigahertz, and 35%, that then moves up to 1.8 gigahertz, and really is, I guess, the way that you would think of it in DOCSIS 4.0. I don't know, Chris, if you have follow-up on that that you want to talk about otherwise.
Chris Winfrey: Well, look, it'll be a 100% high split. The mix hasn't changed in terms of where we're going, and the ability from there to use a combination of DOCSIS 4 and DOCSIS 3.1 extended on the increment is very low, if any incremental real capital expenditure. So, we feel really good about the plan. The one thing I would add is, keep in mind, as we go through on these nodes, we're putting in OLTs as well, which allows us to do fiber-on-demand or a fiber-drop-on-demand, almost similar to an enterprise customer, but to be able to do that in residential and SMB as well. And so, the network is very much capable in terms of wherever things go. You still maintain all the benefits that you have through power in the network, which allows you to hang cycle of radios through our CBRS deployment, which is going very well.
Jonathan Chaplin: And, Chris, I assume that 35% ultimately goes to 100% at 1.8 over time. The assumption is that all happens within business as usual CapEx of less than $8 billion.
Chris Winfrey: Yes. And what you have over time, one, I'm not sure if and when the need is going to take place, but, two, when you get into that less than $8 billion capital expenditure environment, the benefit that you'll have is the amount of node splits and CMTS upgrades that historically took place virtually be non-existent. You can reallocate capital to the extent you want that would have been spent into those segmentation areas into doing drop-ins into the actives, but that's all it would really require. And so, it could be done on the increment within the envelope.
Jonathan Chaplin: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Jonathan. Leila, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Benjamin Swinburne: Good morning. You had, I think, it's about 450,000 ACP-related subscriber losses or impact in '24. I'm just wondering if you guys are thinking you can grow -- you can improve your broadband results in '25 versus '24 when you consider no ACP? Obviously, storms are a wildcard, but you'll have more and more rural footprint behind you. And then, Chris, I can't remember the last time your video subscriber numbers outperformed both customer metrics and broadband metrics. Sounds like you guys are maybe selling into the base a bit and subsidizing that with some broadband. Maybe you to talk a little bit about what's happening inside of your offers and inside the business that's creating this kind of mix shift and how we might think about that as we move forward? Thanks so much.
Chris Winfrey: Sure. Look, Ben, from a outlook perspective, we're really confident about the mid-term, our ability to grow Internet. And -- but we're also sensitive to the fact that there's -- you're on the cusp in particular periods of time between net loss versus net gain. And so, I'm not going to comment on short-term small impacts to gross adds or disconnects and have a big impact. But we won't have the ACP losses this year, and so that's a huge benefit. And it's still competitive in terms of fiber and cellphone Internet overlap, but that gives it a little better visibility, as I mentioned, than we had last year. The peak cell phone Internet impact, we seem to have gotten there, and there will be a declining pace of fiber overbuilt. So, you then add on to that in terms of growth rate over time, rule passings, the fact that data consumption continues to increase, investments we've made in network evolution to outpace the capabilities of our competitors, and then using in a more effective way than we already are the wireless convergence, and then what's coming, seamless entertainment. I ask people just step back and think about it from a consumer perspective. We have faster connectivity of unique set of products. Those products are available everywhere we sell, which is the point I was making with the slide that we showed today. And we save customers hundreds and thousands of dollars with Internet when similarly combined with mobile. So, I like where we sit, and I expect our seamless connectivity product and its value to really win in the marketplace over time. In the meantime, we're pushing through for all these things, but not having ACP losses inside this year is huge. And I'm not going to give a short-term outlook other than to say we better be better this year than we were next year -- or last year. So -- and then on video, the benefit that you saw to our net additions in the fourth quarter are simply a function of re-bundling video in with our connectivity sales. And we had moved away from actively attaching video to our broadband sales because we were unconvinced that over time, that would be an asset to the customer relationship because of the value equation that existed in selling a video product that had been commoditized, had a high price, and was able to be repackaged elsewhere through direct-to-consumer apps and otherwise at a lower cost. And so, for years, we had moved away from attaching video to our broadband sales because, what used to be a benefit was concerning us as maybe not being a benefit. That being said, once we had moved to an environment where we had more flexibility to use packaging in a way that created packages that were valuable to a customer and then attach the direct-to-consumer apps to our expanded packages in a way that allowed customers to take advantage of the full retail value of the apps as a way to save money, and the introduction of Xumo, which allows you to have unified search and discovery, and combine all of those services that you now get as part of your expanded service, as well as any other DTC or SVODs that you take separately in a single place. We thought the combination of that actually did provide the value and utility that we're looking for, and that's only going to get better. And so that's just the beginning. We haven't rolled out the full set of seamless entertainment packages and marketing yet, but we felt confident enough beginning in late September to start selling video again actively together with our broadband subscriptions and, as a way to create value and utility in the overall package, not just for video, but really to add value back into the broadband relationship. And what we did with our Spectrum pricing and packaging that we offered in September is it allowed us to when you take two or three sets of products between really broadband, mobile, and video, allowed us to offer Internet at a lower price both at promotional and retail value and to offer a price lock based on the bundle that you were taking and offer lower roll offs on the move from promotion to retail pricing, all of which has a long -- both short-term impact on your abilities from acquisition standpoint as well as from a retention standpoint. So, we feel good about where it's going. It's only going to get better. And that doesn't mean -- that's not a quarterly outlook on video. Don't get me wrong. It's just saying that over time, as our capabilities increase, our selling capabilities, and training to re-bundle these services is enhanced. I think it gives us real benefits not just to video, but also into broadband and to mobile.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thanks so much.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Ben. We'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Your line is now open.
Craig Moffett: Hi. I'm going to try to squeeze in two questions. First, just given the importance of your wireless bundling strategy, I'm going to leave aside the comments that you just had about video, can you point to any real evidence of what wireless is doing for your broadband business, and the way that you think about whether it's through churn or something else that suggests that the convergence strategy is having a meaningful impact? It's obviously topical because Comcast essentially said they're going to try to emulate the strategy that you've already been pursuing for a couple of years. And then, also on the topic of Comcast, you mentioned organic growth opportunities. I have to ask because we get the question so often. How do you think about inorganic growth opportunities? And with the commentary so frequently being discussed about the possibility of combining with Comcast, how do you think about getting bigger as a cable operator?
Chris Winfrey: There's a lot in there, Craig, but they're good questions. So, from a wireless standpoint and the benefits to convergence, if you think back to what we were doing and we continue to do with Spectrum One offer, it was really using the broadband relationship and offering a time of acquisition or retention of free mobile line. And what that was driving is additional attach, obviously, the mobile line, which was actively used, but additional mobile lines that were attached. And so, we were using broadband really for the benefit of mobile. And what we had seen along the way, some of due to the convergence benefits and the seamless connectivity, and some of it, obviously, with self-selection that takes place, and there's bias there. So that's why we've been careful, is that we saw a much lower churn rate in those broadband customers when they had mobile versus when not. Now, some of that is clearly self-selection, and we've always recognized that. And that's why we've been careful not to report out on that too heavily, but it's not all self-selection. And there's a clear benefit, and it's a better product, and it saves customers tremendous amounts of money. What we did with the new pricing and packaging is we recognized that we now have a brand recognition in the marketplace of Spectrum Mobile, which is the fastest mobile product. It's now widely recognized both from a brand and capability standpoint. It does have superior speed, and it has better connectivity through the Spectrum Mobile SSID attach as well as Speed Boost. And we decided, when at acquisition or retention, we can use mobile, and doesn't need to be always priced at $0 for the first line for free, and we can use it to drive improved acquisition and retail pricing for Internet and flip it a little bit. Doesn't mean that we've stopped using Spectrum One, but we still have Spectrum One active in the marketplace and it works well. But we can also use the Life Unlimited bundles, as I like to call them, to enhance our capabilities for Internet selling. That's early stages, but I think it's clearly going to have benefits. So, I think the convergence strategy works. The point I was making in the slide that we showed in today's presentation says we have a unique capability to deliver that where nobody else really does across their entire footprint. And so, to the extent that convergence matters, we think it does, we think we're in the best position to do that.
Jessica Fischer: And I just want to make sure that we address there as well that not only does mobile benefited the broadband subscriber, but mobile also has financial benefits all on its own. It drives additional margin at the customer level.
Chris Winfrey: Correct.
Jessica Fischer: By attaching it to more customers, we drive sort of additional margin across the business. And, really, it's one of the key sort of cornerstones to how we can get comfortable with a plan for EBITDA growth inside of 2025, because we have that mobile revenue and, therefore, mobile margin as a driver of growth in the business.
Chris Winfrey: It's become significant. And just to add on to that, it's not just -- you mentioned convergence. You could think about convergence as really the wireline and wireless capabilities together, but also with video. And that hasn't been the case, but I was mentioning to Ben, I think video can become an asset again. It doesn't mean that we're going to grow video. I'm not saying that. But I think we can use it as a significant asset that's also unique to us compared to most of our competitors together with mobile to find ways to drive growth to unique set of products and to save customers a lot of money. On the M&A front, I know there's a lot of chatter out there. Our strategy, Craig, is it's really to create value has never been dependent on M&A. In fact, it's really been moving in purely from an organic growth perspective and how do we create value for shareholders from that perspective. And you do that by being a great operator. You do that by saving customers lots of money, providing great service, doing that with in-sourced onshore employees, and being, hopefully, a good allocator of capital. But, by being a good operator, that also, I think, opens acquisition opportunities over time. And, the rest of the cable industry, when you sit back and think about it, it's all family-owned or family-controlled, and they'll decide. This is not like Time Warner Cable where there's another large publicly-traded company out there. And so, it's really in the hands of these families or family-controlled businesses who get to decide when's the time that they'd like to combine. And the other thing I would tell you is that, the door for M&A, I think there's a lot of chatter that it's also wide open. I don't think it's wide open. I think any M&A transaction that you have to do in any administration, anytime, it has to be good for customers, and has to be good for jobs. And, when you think about our organic operating strategy that drives growth, that's been helpful in that respect in the past in terms of our ability to get things done as well. But it's not -- it's a potential add-on to our strategy. It's not the core of our strategy, and it's not the only way that we can create value.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Craig. Leila, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Sebastiano Petti from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Sebastiano Petti: Thank you for taking the question. If perhaps, Jessica, you could comment, just around EBITDA, you do expect growth for the year. Any color perhaps at a OpEx level across the different buckets that we should be assuming? Obviously, as Spectrum Life Unlimited ramps, and what you and Chris have talked about, creates more attach opportunities. There's probably sales and marketing costs that come with that. So, just maybe trying to frame that a little bit would be helpful against the backdrop as well of improving costs that you implemented in 2024. And then maybe just thinking about the CapEx guide, obviously, it was helpful. Does not include BEAD. Limited BEAD appetite per se, but maybe how you're thinking about any changes to tax policy? Should we get an extension of bonus depreciation? How would you perhaps maybe think about that across the buckets of shareholder returns versus maybe improving or accelerating some of your network efforts? Thank you very much.
Jessica Fischer: Yeah. So, I can -- I'll start on EBITDA growth. We said we plan to grow EBITDA growth in 2025. I think we do that through a combination of growth in the mobile business, customer benefits from the new pricing and packaging. There's Spectrum One promotional roll-off, and some other rate benefits that we'll see. And then, continued efficiencies in the business, particularly in cost to serve, as you heard Chris sort of talk about with some of the benefits that we see from machine learning and AI and just driving around the customer commitments to have fewer transactions with customers, but also the continuing benefits of our -- of what we've done on the expense side. In that respect, I think, across programming and cost to service customers, I generally expect that we'll be flat to slightly down, acknowledging that we think about programming on a per video customer basis, and that mix does matter there a lot. And so, to the extent that, that mix -- the mix of products that customers take changes as a result of the inclusion of the seamless connectivity app -- or the seamless entertainment apps. I think that one, ultimately will be dependent on results, but that's what we expect. In sales and marketing, as you point out, there, I think, there's a little more growth, maybe low- to mid-single-digits, given what we're doing to drive cost and grow customers and to rollout or continue the rollout of the Life Unlimited brand. And so, that's where I'm sitting on the expense side. And I don't know, Chris, do you want to talk about...
Chris Winfrey: Taxes, usually, where Jessica would take, but -- so if we're talking about capital allocation, maybe we tag team this one, but, if needed. Look, if -- we don't know where tax legislation is going to go, but if it was enacted, it is obvious that we'd have potentially a very sizable reduction in our cash taxes versus the outlook that Jessica has been talking about. Whether that's rate or interest deductibility or bonus depreciation, actually, all three of those are really important to an infrastructure builder, and that's what we do is we build the infrastructure here in the US to highway the pipeline for all of these applications and traffic. And so, any of those three things, and, hopefully, it's all three, which is rate, interest deductibility, and bonus depreciation, would make the return on all of our capital projects that might have been less attractive to be much more attractive. I don't think that means that you should run and say it's one for one in terms of dollar for dollar in terms of incremental, but to projects that are very good for customers and very good for our communities that might have been on the edge from a returns profile, suddenly can get really enhanced. And I think that's good for the economy and for jobs and for shareholders all in one.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Sebastiano. Leila, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jessica Reif Ehrlich from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. I guess on LA, I know you said you'd be more specific on the first quarter call, but is there any early read that you can give? I mean, I don't know what you're assuming for homes coming back, but is it a step -- a multiyear step down? And then, a follow-up with both video and M&A. The video seems to be working before you were even marketing. Can you give us some color on what your marketing plans are for what is clear value for customers? And then, on M&A, Chris, you made a remark at the beginning about national and global competition. So, could you just talk about, like, how you would compete with more national competitors? What you -- what benefits you would get? Is it all, like, cost or revenue? Like, any color you can give?
Chris Winfrey: Sure. So, from LA perspective, what's widely reported is there's roughly 15,000, 16,000 passings that have burned and no longer inhabitable. And you should assume that the entirety of LA is really our footprint, and so that reflects passings for us. In the grand scheme of overall Charter at 57 million passings, that's not that large, but it's near and dear to home. And so, it's, like I said, personal to us. So, there's a penetration rate on that. That should be the subscriber impact that's immediate. Those homes, over time, so they'll be taken out of passings. They'll be taken out of customer relationships. And over time, if you know that area, and I know you do, it'll get rebuilt and those will become new passings and new homes inside of our footprint. We're already looking at the exact plans for rebuild and starting in many cases to do so. That'll drive, as Jessica mentioned, clear leasing capital, which we'll be able to highlight. There'll be a subscriber impact, which we'll highlight definitively once that's -- in our next earnings call. There will be credits along the way for customers who were impacted through -- obviously, if they lost their home, but in addition to that, through evacuation and otherwise, we're -- we've got policies in place to do that. And so, there'll be a number of one-time financial impacts, and similar to other times, we'll just go through that list, and Jessica will do that on the next call. The video, from a marketing perspective, look, from a competitive standpoint, I'm not going to sit here and articulate everything that we're doing, but I think strategically positioning our video product and our package of services in a way that allows customers to have more product than they'd be able to afford otherwise and to save significant amounts of money, when you look at that slide, the page that we concluded, not all of those apps are yet deployed, including, for example, Peacock, which will come within the next month or so. But once we've got all the apps fully activated for inclusion and once we have a consumer-friendly way for them to upgrade into the ad-free versions, which is for the benefit of us, the programmer, and the consumer, and we have that in a store that allows customers to go through at least the perception of a unified authentication process that's customer-friendly, then you'll start to see us push more and more into driving that, not just for video sales, but as a way to contribute to the broadband connectivity and the mobile relationship. One of the key features, that we've had as part of our negotiations with the programmers along the way is to say, we need to cooperate. This is a partnership, and it shouldn't be that every four or five years, we're going to go do battle and try to find a net zero gain. This is really about -- because that hasn't worked. The net zero gain actually must left to -- led to significant losses for everyone, including the customer, but as well as obviously programmers and even us. And so, the idea here is to form a true partnership where we can get behind each other's products, that we can co-market together. They have fantastic brands. They have fantastic IP. The way that Spectrum, as good as our brand is, would be difficult to replicate. And we're out there selling their product every single day with 25,000 frontline sales and retention people. And we are very good at distribution, but I think having them get behind and help us advertise the value that's here can work well for the programmer, but also work well for us. And, obviously, it works very well for the customer because they save money. They are able to take more product, and they can actually upgrade to the ad-free version, which creates additional revenue for the programmers and for us over time in a way that works as a much better ecosystem. So, without getting into any tactics around marketing, I think you can see where we're trying to make sure that the incentives are very much aligned between the programmers, us, and the customer in a way that, from our perspective, really works to sell more connectivity relationships. From a scale perspective, which is what you asked, if we as Charter, if we had more scale, I think the brand recognition of our mobile services, Internet tends to be a little bit more local, but, clearly, when you think about us competing against national mobile operators, when you think about us in the video space, there's Amazon, there's Google. And so, across really all of our products, you can think about where there's marketing advantage to having some additional scale. We have scale today, and it's sufficient not to say that we're deprived of that, but I think we could do better for customers. By having that scale, I think we could save customers, additional money. I think we could in-source jobs the way that we did with Time Warner Cable and Bright House and bring more US jobs back from offshore call centers on to onshore environments that create good paying jobs as well as bringing contract labor into in-house as well. So, I think we can be good for ourselves in terms of scale. For consumers, in terms of scale, I think we can be good for jobs. And then finally, if you think about an environment that we've talked a lot about is AI development, to actually enhance our service capabilities, to make these onshore in-house jobs better for our employees. AI is not cheap. And the more scale you have for that, to the extent you could become less regional and closer to a national operator to compete, it'll allow you to invest more into AI and to actually have lower cost per customer to do so and to drive additional benefits for customers that way. Look, I could go on and on. We have enough scale to operate well today, and we're doing it. But having additional scale, of course, is always beneficial when you operate a large, fixed network, high-capital business.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Jessica. Leila, we'll take our last question, please.
Operator: Our final question will come from Kutgun Maral with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Kutgun Maral: Good morning, and thanks for taking my question. Just a follow-up on the M&A discussion from a different lens and maybe focus on wireless. You've scaled your mobile efforts quite meaningfully, and I know that you've had a lot of success with migrating traffic onto your own network. But as that business grows and perhaps Comcast's efforts also ramp, is there a change to your view on whether owners' economics would make more sense on a standalone basis or through a partnership? I just wanted to revisit the topic because the common pushback that we get on your mobile and convergence efforts is that your margins there and the opportunity more broadly are naturally limited because of the MVNO relationship, and therefore, you just don't get as much credit on the success that you've had. So, we'd appreciate your perspectives. And just a quick one on rural. The new passings have continued to tick-up sequentially, but customer net adds were flattish. Can you just help us think about penetration trends over there? And if -- as your new patent accelerates around 450,000 in 2025, should we still assume that rural sub net adds will also accelerate, or are there other nuances that we should be mindful of? Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: I was trying to think the best way to answer your question on the mobile business. When we got into the mobile business, it really was because it was an extension of our broadband business. And so, when you think about our mobile business today, where 87% of the traffic has really carried on our network already today, we've deployed thousands of radios for CBRS. We'll be deploying that nation -- across our entire footprint, deploying 1,000 more this year of radios for CBRS in a multitude of markets. And so, that number, the 87% is only going to increase through CBRS deployment, but as well as, our WiFi capabilities and the cooperation amongst these regional cable operators to enable WiFi auto authentication across these networks as we compete against national MNOs. So, the offload can continue to increase. Already, our margins aren't very good on the product. And so, there's no driving force for us to say that we need to have owners' economics. We don't look at the product as a standalone basis. We have the capability to look at EBITDA growth that way, which we do just for really more from a capital markets perspective, and its significant contribution, this year, in 2025, to our growth rate. But it's really a combined product. For us, mobile is an extension of our broadband product that ties into our seamless connectivity capabilities. And so, there's no pressure from our perspective to feel like we need to have owners -- additional owners' economics beyond the 87% that we already have today. I don't know if you want to comment on the rural?
Jessica Fischer: Yeah. On the rural piece, so there are a couple of things going on. First off, if you think about where a preponderance of our rural build is, there's a large amount in the Carolinas and in Florida. And so, from a sales perspective, I think there was a bit of impact there from the hurricanes inside of Q4. I do also think from a timing perspective, so second one, you have passing sometimes that get placed in service very late in the quarter, and so some of those passings might not have aged quite as much as you would think if you sort of assume that they're coming in at a steady rate. And the last one is there is a little bit of competition in those rural markets on the cell phone Internet side. I don't think that that changes where we end up sort of from a terminal penetration in those markets' perspective because the desire in those spaces for wired broadband is still quite high. But as to the speed with which we terminate some of the -- or the way we penetrate some of those passings very early on, there's a little less jump at the very beginning than what we had seen previously.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Kutgun. Leila, that concludes our call. Right back to you.
Operator: Thank you all for joining the call today. The session is now concluded, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to Charter Communications' Third Quarter Investor Call. We ask that you please hold all questions until the completion of the formal remarks, at which time you will be given instructions for the question-and-answer session. Also, as a reminder, this conference is being recorded today. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Stefan Anninger.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, operator, and welcome, everyone. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com. I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, and we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect management's current view only and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements. On today's call, we have Chris Winfrey, our President and CEO; and Jessica Fischer, our CFO. With that, I'll turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher Winfrey: Thanks, Stefan. We had a busy quarter, executing our operating strategy and building on the foundational investments of the past couple of years. We're also successfully managing the transition of customers previously on the government's Affordable Connectivity Program in a period of new competition. And while we expect some normalization of external factors as we head into 2025 and much lower capital intensity beyond 2025, we're not standing still, evidenced by the series of announcements we made in September, a market leading customer service commitment, new pricing and packaging that makes better use of our unique assets in the marketplace, encapsulated in a brand refresh through Spectrum's Life Unlimited promise. There was a lot of flattering press about the importance of wireline networks and convergence this past quarter. We remain the only true convergence pure planner footprint with a fully distributed gig capable wireline and wireless network across a growing 58 million passings everywhere we operate, soon to be symmetrical and multi-gig in all of our communities. Our seamless connectivity capabilities are evidenced by our continued market leading mobile growth. And in just over a year, we completed a full cycle of programming renewals and the launch of Xumo to fundamentally reposition video again as an important part of the connectivity bundle, whether full value hybrid DTC linear packages, smaller non-sports streaming packages or the addition of a la carte programmer apps to our broadband and video customers. We're well positioned to provide seamless connectivity and this new form of seamless entertainment to customers wherever they want to go. Before discussing the quarter, I want to express our sympathy and commitment to the communities across the Southeast impacted by hurricanes Helene and Milton. These were devastating storms. The initial impact was significant, mostly because of power outages, downed poles and trees and drops. All but approximately 10,000 of our customers, including homes and businesses fully lost, have had their service restored. In particular, we're still very active in the Asheville, North Carolina area and some remaining pockets at Tampa Bay. I'd like to keep I'd like to thank our frontline personnel for their dedication and effort in keeping our customers connected. That includes our employees who live in the area and were directly impacted themselves and the teams of employees from across the country who volunteered to help in the restoration. During the third quarter, we lost 110,000 internet customers. We added 545,000 Spectrum mobile lines and over 2.1 million lines year-over-year. Revenue grew by 1.6% in the quarter, while adjusted EBITDA grew by 3.6%. Were it not for the impact at the end of the ACP program in June, we would have grown our internet customers during the third quarter. Importantly, we've been successful in keeping low income households connected. We continue to compete well against both wireline overbuild and cell phone internet, each with expanded footprints. And we remain confident in our ability to return to healthy long-term growth. Our internet product is faster and more reliable. Our pricing is lower and similarly bundled with mobile. We expect market activity and selling opportunities to pick up over time. The cell phone companies will face challenges as customer bandwidth demands continue to grow. As I mentioned, in the meantime, we're not standing still. In mid-September, we made a series of important announcements, including the brand relaunch, a unique customer service commitment and the new pricing and packaging structure. Our strategy has not changed. We offer high quality products to customers in a package and at a price point that our customers can't replicate. We pair that with unmatched customer service. Our fully deployed high bandwidth network with ubiquitous and seamless connectivity and entertainment products creates opportunities and removes barriers to help customers in every aspect of their lives, which led us to our new brand platform, Life Unlimited. While part of that is a new look and feel for the Spectrum brand, it's also about our increasingly converged set of products and building more trust with our customers. Our new customer commitment is comprised of four key promises: Reliable connectivity we're committed to keeping our customers connected 100% of the time and promptly resolving any issues. Transparency at every step We're committed to clear and simple pricing and timely service updates and we will take responsibility when things go wrong. Exceptional service. We're committed to providing exceptional customer experiences. And finally, always improving, meaning we act on our customer's feedback to improve our products and customer service. We back up those commitments with guarantees. For example, to fix any service disruptions quickly, we commit to dispatch a technician the same day if the customer requested prior to 5 PM. If a customer needs help on a professional installation, a technician will be available the same or next day. We now back those commitments with proactive service credits if we miss the mark. We also don't have residential or SMB contracts. And if a customer is not completely satisfied with any services within the first 30 days, we give them their money back. We're making these commitments because we can, because we already made the investments in a 100% US based sales and service with our own employees in frontline tenure through pay, progression, market leading benefits, and tools and systems to make the job better for the employee and our customers. Our Life Unlimited brand relaunch also includes new pricing and packaging that better utilizes our unique product assets, which work better together to provide lower promotional pricing and lower persistent bundle pricing. Our new pricing and packaging will drive more sales with higher selling of our best products, grow customer ARPU at Connect despite lower product pricing, and reduce billing, service and retention calls, while reducing churn. For example, we now offer our gig internet product at $40 per month when bundled with two unlimited mobile lines and or video. Customers that take the new double play will receive a two year price lock, and customers that take our new triple play will receive a three year price lock. And in that package, customers also get our top mobile tier, Xumo and Cloud DVR at no additional charge. For customers who want our popular Spectrum One offering, that remains available. Now with a higher starting speed of 500 megabits per second with one free unlimited mobile line included for a year. Existing customers can also opt into our new bundles at persistent bundled pricing. And we have also increased internet speeds for existing flagship and ultra-customers. It's still very early, but so far, our new pricing and packaging is showing promising results, including more video sell-in, more mobile lines per sale and more gig sell-in. I expect those results and broadband sales to accelerate the seasoning of our marketing and sales approach over time. Our operating strategy remains simple, sell more products to more customers, driving higher penetration against our large fixed asset, reducing the operating capital cost per product with lower churn to ultimately drive more cash flow capacity. And we're making investments in that large fixed asset through our network evolution initiative, which brings multi-gigabit speeds to 100% of our customers. We've launched symmetrical internet service in our step one markets, including Reno, St. Louis, Cincinnati, Dallas Fort Worth, Louisville, Lexington, Rochester, Minnesota, and Rochester, New York. We're now broadly marketing our symmetrical speeds in seven of these eight markets. The high split upgrade process should be largely complete in all of our step one markets by the end of this year. We're making progress on Step 2 DAA and Remote PHY markets and we've deliberately slowed these markets to get the software fully certified to our specs. That has pushed back equipment purchasing and operational deployment and we now expect our network evolution initiative project to be completed in 2027. Excluding the benefit of future capital and operating cost savings, our network evolution has and will cost a very low incremental $100 per passing. We have full visibility to that outcome. We'll update our multiyear capital expenditures outlook, including the new phasing of our network evolution spend when we report our fourth quarter results in January. In Video, over the past year, we transformed all of our major programming agreements in a way that works for our customers and for Charter, including a recent early renewal of Warner Bros. Discovery and then NBCU. These agreements give customers greater overall package flexibility and the ability to include all the key streaming apps from programmers within our Spectrum TV Select packages. That enables us to offer what we now call seamless entertainment, the first for the industry at no extra cost. We also have passed for customers to upgrade to the ad free version of these apps and we will sell programmer apps a la carte to broadband and skinny package video customers. We also had the renewed support from our programming partners to get behind each other's products and distribution for a healthier video ecosystem and better choice and value for customers. More to come on this, but the inclusion of Max with its HBO content and TV Select and how we plan to promote Max to our broadband customers and vice versa will show how we and the programmers more broadly can support one another with our customers front and center. By early 2025, we'll be providing our TV Select customers up to $80 per month of retail streaming app value at no additional cost, including the ad supported versions of Max, Disney+, Peacock Premium, Paramount+, ESPN+, AMC+, Discovery+, BET+ and ViX. Seamless Entertainment, even easier with Xumo, which proves unified search and discovery with a market leading voice remote and the highest rated pay TV streaming app in the US. Over the last couple of years, we've moved away from bundling video in our offers because the value proposition to customers had fallen. We still have some work to do to operationalize the new customer proposition, including the customer front end for programmer app authentication and programmer credentials, but we're proud of what we can offer customers, existing and new in terms of value and utility. And that breakthrough is why we are including video in the new bundles we launched in September. Fundamentally, we believe that maintaining and evolving the video business, even if it isn't growing, helps customer acquisition and retention by making use of our scale and capabilities and adding more value into our unique seamless connectivity relationship. Video still has positive cash flow and provides us with option value. So a lot of exciting things happened in the third quarter. Our continued success in mobile is certainly one of those. Our mobile offering continues to evolve, driving strong results and supporting our new pricing and packaging efforts. We had our highest port ends quarter ever. Our highest mix of ads on unlimited plus driving higher customer value and ARPU. And our lines per customer continues to grow nicely. Today, approximately 8% of our total passings take our converged offering of internet and mobile. So we remain under penetrated despite having a differentiated and superior offering with market leading pricing at promotion and retail. As we work through the one-time impacts of ACP this year, new competition with expanded footprint and our unique non-recurring subsidized network expansion investment, we remain confident in our ability to drive healthy, long-term connectivity customer growth. Now in the future, we have the best fully deployed network uniquely capable of delivering seamless connectivity or convergence everywhere we operate, with pricing and packaging that saves customers money with the best products, and a service capability investment that has yet to be fully realized as a competitive advantage. Our team is executing well on these multiyear initiatives, a team that's hungry with a tremendous drive to win for our customers, the communities we serve, our fellow employees, and for our shareholders. Jessica?
Jessica Fischer: Thanks, Chris. Before discussing our third quarter results, I want to mention that today's results do not include any impact related to hurricanes Helene and Milton, which hit the Southeast in late-September and early-October. Our fourth quarter results will include some lost customers and passings related to the storm from both suppressed gross additions and the damaged or destroyed plant that Chris mentioned. We're still assessing the impacted areas and we expect to rebuild lost passings over time as our customers rebuild. We currently expect to incur approximately $100 million in incremental capital expenditures, the vast majority of which will be captured in our rebuild capital expenditures line. We have been providing bill credits to customers in impacted areas and those onetime credits will offset some fourth quarter revenue. We may also have some incremental operating expense, although we expect that to be relatively small. And we'll isolate the storm impacts when we report our fourth quarter results. Let's please turn to our customer results on Slide 8. Including residential and SMB, we lost a 110,000 internet customers in the third quarter, while in mobile, we added 545,000 lines. Video customers declined by 294,000 and wireline voice customers declined by 288,000. The end of the ACP program drove higher third quarter non-pay and voluntary churn among former ACP customers for a total estimated third quarter impact of approximately 200,000 internet losses. Incremental non-pay disconnects drove more than half of those losses and the rest of the impact was primarily driven by voluntary churn with a small impact from lower connects. We continued to do a very good job in managing the end of the program and we've retained the vast majority of our customers who were previously receiving an ACP benefit. Beyond ACP, we competed well across our footprint, but note that our third quarter internet net additions benefited from seasonal back-to-school connects and a work stoppage at one of our competitors, while fourth quarter customer results will include impacts from the storms up and about 100,000 incremental non-pay disconnects and some lagging voluntary disconnects, both related to the end of ACP. After those effects in the fourth quarter, we expect the onetime impacts from ACP to be behind us. Turning to rural. We ended the quarter with 696,000 subsidized rural passings. We grew those passings by a 114,000 in the third quarter and by 381,000 over the last 12 months. And we had 41,000 net customer additions in our subsidized rural footprint in the quarter. We now expect to activate close to 400,000 new subsidized rural passings in 2024. About 35% more than in 2023, but lower than our original 2024 plan of 450,000 due to shifting construction labor to rebuild activity in storm impacted markets. We expect our subsidized Rural Construction activity to recover by the end of the fourth quarter and that reacceleration of activity to put us on a higher pace in 2025 as planned. Our RDOF build should still be completed by the end of 2026, two years ahead of schedule. Moving to third quarter revenue on Slide 9. Over the last year, residential customers declined by 1.8%, while residential revenue per customer relationship grew by 1.8% year-over-year given promotional rate step ups, rate adjustments, the growth of Spectrum Mobile and $63 million of residential customer credits in the prior year period related to the temporary loss of Disney programming in September 2023. These factors were partly offset by a higher mix of non-video customers, growth of lower priced video packages within our base and $25 million of costs allocated to programmer streaming apps, which are netted within video revenue. As Slide 9 shows, in total, residential revenue grew by 0.3% year-over-year. Turning to commercial, total commercial revenue grew by 2% year-over-year with SMB revenue growth of 1% year-over-year, reflecting higher monthly SMB revenue per SMB customer, primarily due to rate adjustments. Enterprise revenue grew by 3.7% year-over-year, driven by enterprise PSU growth of 5.7 percent year-over-year. And when excluding all wholesale revenue, enterprise revenue grew by 5.9%. Third quarter advertising revenue grew by 18% year over year given political revenue growth. Excluding political, advertising revenue decreased by 6.3% year over year due to higher levels of inventory in the market, partly offset by higher advanced advertising revenue. Other revenue grew by 11.6% year-over-year, primarily driven by higher mobile device sales. And in total, consolidated third quarter revenue was up 1.6% year-over-year, which is 0.6% year-over-year when excluding advertising revenue and $68 million of customer credits in the prior year period related to the temporary loss of Disney programming in September 2023. Moving to operating expenses and adjusted EBITDA on Slide 10. In the third quarter, total operating expenses grew by 0.2% year-over-year. Programming costs declined by 10% year-over-year due to a 9.5% decline in video customers year-over-year, a higher mix of lighter video packages, and costs allocated to programmer streaming apps, which are now netted within video revenue, partly offset by higher programming rates and a $61 million benefit in the prior year period related to the temporary loss of Disney programming in September 2023. Other costs of revenue increased by 15.8%, primarily driven by higher mobile device sales and higher mobile service direct costs. Cost-to-service customers declined 0.5% year-over-year given productivity from our 10-year investments, including lower labor costs, partly offset by modest year-over-year growth in bad debt expense. Sales and marketing costs grew by 4.4% as we remained focused on driving customer acquisition and given our Life Unlimited brand relaunch in September. Finally, other expense grew by 2.3%. Adjusted EBITDA grew by 3.6% year-over-year in the quarter. And when excluding advertising, EBITDA grew by 2.7% year-over-year. Turning to net income. We generated $1.3 billion of net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the third quarter, in line with last year, as higher adjusted EBITDA was mostly offset by higher other expenses, primarily due to noncash changes in the value of financial instruments. Turning to Slide 11. Capital expenditures totaled $2.6 billion in the third quarter, down about $400 million from last year's third quarter. Line extension spend totaled $1.1 billion, $16 million higher than last year driven by our subsidized Rural Construction initiative and continued network expansion across residential and commercial greenfield and market billing opportunities. Third quarter capital expenditures excluding line extensions totaled $1.5 billion, which was lower than the prior year period by about $400 million. The decline was driven by core CapEx items, including CPE timing and lower than originally expected spend on network evolution given what Chris discussed earlier with respect to our Step 2 software certification. We now expect total 2024 capital expenditures to reach approximately $11.5 billion, down from approximately $12 billion previously. That update reflects full year 2024 line extension spend of approximately $4.3 billion, down from $4.5 billion, partly offset by slightly higher core CapEx, primarily due to the shift of some of our construction labor from rural efforts to hurricane rebuild activity. The update also includes 2024 network evolution estimated spend of approximately $1.1 billion, down from the previous estimate of $1.6 billion. Much of that originally planned 2024 spend is being pushed into 2026 and 2027. As Chris mentioned, we will update our multiyear capital expenditures outlook when we complete our 2025 operating plan and report our fourth quarter results in January. We now expect our total BEAD spend will be substantially less than our spend in RDOF, in each case, net of subsidies. That lower outlook reflects the most recent broadband map updates in terms of available unserved passings near our network and a little less favorable rules framework in BEAD when compared to RDOF and state grants. We have been in regular communication with the states in which we operate and we are generally the largest rural builder in our states through RDOF, ARPA and other grants. While we're still finishing the 2025 operating plan, it's clear 2025 capital expenditures will not exceed the range of capital spend that we outlined in January of this year, even inclusive of a small amount of initial BEAD pending. Looking beyond 2025, we expect total capital spending in dollar terms to be on a meaningful downward trajectory, even inclusive of BEAD spending. So total capital intensity is now poised to decline significantly after 2025 even including the unique onetime opportunity that subsidized rural spend and network evolution has presented us. While we always prioritize our cash flow for organic opportunities first and then accretive M&A and buybacks, there are no organic capital expenditure opportunities on the horizon that give us concern with that capital intensity outlook. Free cash flow in the third quarter totaled $1.6 billion, an increase of approximately $520 million compared to last year's third quarter. The year-over-year increase was primarily driven by higher adjusted EBITDA and lower CapEx. We finished the quarter with $95.1 billion in debt principal. Our current run rate annualized cash interest is $5.0 billion. We repurchased just under 850,000 Charter shares and Charter Holdings common units totaling $260 million at an average price of $311 per share, less than we had originally expected as we became restricted as a result of our negotiations with Liberty Broadband. As of the end of the third quarter, our ratio of net debt to last 12-month adjusted EBITDA moved down to 4.22 times. We remain committed to our levered equity strategy and to share repurchases as a component of that strategy. Our leverage ratio may decline further given our pause and buybacks, but we look forward to resuming our program when we are able and we have not changed our target leverage. And with that, I will turn it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Kutgun Maral from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Kutgun Maral: Good morning and thanks for taking the question. Just one on broadband. Net adds in the quarter were very encouraging with a return to a quite meaningful sub growth, excluding ACP. Is there any color you can provide on the competitive backdrop and perhaps any early reads on the underlying broadband trends in the fourth quarter, excluding the incremental ACP net losses you called out? Thank you.
Christopher Winfrey: Sure. A very much anticipated question. So maybe I tried to talk about the market more generally, both inside of the third quarter. What we're -- what we think about the fourth quarter and where that does or doesn't position us for next year. But I think as you mentioned, there's a lot of puts and takes inside the third quarter. Underlying all that is that we are competing very well in a marketplace that still has lots of competition, lots of new competition with expanded footprint. In the third quarter, we did have some benefits that are unique to the third quarter, seasonality, which is typical. We also had a some, not large, but some impact from -- positive impact from a competitor who had a work stoppage. I think that's well understood. And then we had obviously the downside of significant ACP primarily through nonpay disconnects and voluntary churn, but we're managing that well. And in the fourth quarter, when you think about the seasonality and the work stoppage benefits, we won't have those inside the fourth quarter. We'll still have approximately 100,000 nonpay to deal with from ACP that we expect to see early in the quarter, in the fourth quarter. And we also have some hurricane impacts. And so that will impact subscribers, credits, as well as, Jessica mentioned, some capital and rebuild. And so then I think the bigger question is, as you look out, where does that leave us? We're not about managing for short-term for quarters. We're really about thinking about the long-term for the business. In 2025, there won't be ACP and we'll still have the continued tailwind of newly built passings, both organic as well as rural footprint. And then I think there's just the big questions or variables that will exist. Is lower interest rate environment, does that impact mortgages in a way that drives higher move rates? Have we seen the peak cell phone Internet impact? And it appears that that's the case. And can we drive even higher Internet sales as well as all of the additional bundling and higher product value packaging that I described through our new pricing and packaging, and really even more so than today, start to fully realize the benefits of mobile, not just through churn, but through additional Internet acquisition rates. And then finally, really a bogey variable, one that we wouldn't bet on, but I think is out there in terms of option values, can video, a reconstituted video, can that really provide broadband acquisition and retention support? So that's probably much longer to look towards the tail end of next year and beyond. But I think we're making the right investments and doing the right things to compete. We are still very much in an atypical low churn environment when you exclude ACP. And despite that, it's still a competitive environment for new sales. So I think if you step back, it's too early to declare victory or even plateau, but certainly a better unit growth setup for 2024 for 2025 than what we saw for 2024, I think, for us and probably for the rest of the cable industry.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Kutgun. Operator, we'll take our next question.
Operator: Our next question will come from Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thanks. Can you hear me?
Christopher Winfrey: Yes.
Benjamin Swinburne: Great. Hey, Chris. Chris, as we look beyond cell phone Internet to Fiber, not that fiber is new, but as we think about the footprint expansion within Charter's footprint, can you talk a little bit about where that sits today, your sort of gig markets, where you see that going over the next, I don't know, three plus years? And kind of how you think your market share shakes out as you analyze your historical performance in fiber markets and think about sort of what's happening in the marketplace and all the things you're doing at Charter to compete. And I don't know if you'll be able to answer this, but could you talk about why the Liberty Broadband opportunity is interesting to Charter? And if you do come to an agreement, are you able to buy back stock pre-close? Is there a way to put a mechanism in place to get back in the market or does that have to close before you're able to get back in? Thank you so much.
Christopher Winfrey: Sure. Let me start with the easy one, which is the last question you asked about Liberty Broadband. We've said what we can say for the time being through Liberty's 8-K and what there is very much public. I think we're going to have to stay quiet until there's something more to talk about in the meantime, at which point, of course, we'll talk through everything that you just asked. I know those are important questions. So unfortunately just going to have to deflect those for the time being. But if you step back to gig overlap, which includes all types of gig overlap in our footprint, it's roughly 55% today. And where it goes, I think, depends on people's access to capital, what happens in the M&A environment. But also, I think there are, as widely understood as I think there's probably some competing notions of that overlap footprint and where it may not be mutually exclusive. And as a result, I think people with the combination of scale back investment plans, plus recognizing that they're not going to be the X competitor that they thought they were going to be, may need or want to back off just because they're not going to be able to make returns. I've always thought that a wireline overbuild has very poor, if not negative, returns. And so when you start to have duplicative plans of multiple overbuilders, it really just makes it that much worse. It's actually terrible. So I think there is a realization that, that will take place. And so where it goes depends on somewhat the rational nature of our competitors and where they want to deploy capital. In the meantime, what can we do around that is we can continue to make the type of investments that we're making today is make sure that we have a symmetrical multi-gig wireline network across our entire footprint, have a seamless connectivity product through convergence that none of our competitors can ubiquitously use to compete. And then add to that the ability to save customers significant amounts of money, obviously, with mobile, where we offer tremendous advantage given our structure. But also in some of these rural footprints, as strange as that may sound, we offer customers the ability to save significant amounts of money with their wireline phone relative to what they pay. No. That's not in vogue to talk about, but the reality is something I think we could use specifically in that market to drive even faster penetration in the rural footprint. So overall, in our existing, inside of our new footprint, I think we have a great set of assets, a better and faster set of products, higher quality service because we're 100% onshore here in the US with sales and service, primarily with our own employees who are committed to that high-quality service. Then who knows, over time, the ability to add a unique video package that appeals to customers of all budget levels in terms of what they can afford and to deliver great value and utility inside the video package, I think, remains a big potential upside in terms of our ability to drive broadband and to compete against some of these competitors who don't have the same network seamless connectivity, packaging and product set and the ability to save customers money. I think we've got the best hand as it relates to our ability to compete in these marketplaces. What we typically see with any new overbuild, and that's not new, that's -- we have a lot of experience with this, it's been going on for probably 15 years, as you see an initial uptake, it can put a few points of penetration impact at the outset when somebody comes in for the first 18, 24 months and then the market kind of settles out. And so when we look to historical wireline overbuilders, many of which never got to the stated penetrations that today people say are required for return and that includes DSL conversion. I feel pretty good about where we can go over time, how we can compete. And the fact that at some point, the reality will be there that there's not a great financial return for wireline overbuilds when it's a single, much less if it's a multiple.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thanks so much, Chris.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Ben. Operator, we'll take our next question please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jonathan Chaplin with New Street Research. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Chaplin: Morning, guys. First, I'd like to just touch on the brand repositioning. From our perspective, I think, it's a pretty profound change in the strategy and would love to get some context for I mean it's probably too early, but are you starting to see any impact on gross adds or churn? Yes. And when do you think -- how long does it -- do you think it sort of takes to really start to be felt in the business? And then from the bill credits that come with the commitments that you're making, would we be expecting any impact on ARPU and costs from those or have you gotten your internal systems to the point where you're happy to give the bill credits because you know you're not going to have to give any?
Christopher Winfrey: Sure. It's a lot in that. Okay. I appreciate that you appreciate that the brand repositioning and the commitments that we're making are significant. I think it's really exciting for us and where we can go. It really comes about because we had made the significant investment in our own employees and investing in frontline tenure, which is progression and the ability for our employees to not just think about it as a job, but to have it as a career. And that gives us a higher quality craft than what you could have with contractors or offshore personnel. But at the same time, we really had not gotten the credit, I think, in the marketplace from customer satisfaction or NPS the way that we thought that reflected the investment that we've made. And so some of that comes down to doing a better job as a management team and avoiding some of the paper cuts that exist in customer service. The quality of service is there, the investment is there. This isn't a money issue. This is really trying to just, around the edges, how can you do better? That's one. Two is making sure that we had implemented some of the softer touch for customer service and to just give customers more recognition for their tenure with us and to remind them that we're local inside of their communities, and that these are committed employees to the company. And three is to really stand behind our service and back it up with guarantees, guarantees for service, and guarantees about what happens if we're honest when we fail to meet that service level that we've committed to customers and to stand behind that. And so most of that, which goes to your bill credit question, isn't going to be giving out bill credits. It's going to be reminding customers that that's the type of quality of service that they can expect from Charter from Spectrum. And to the extent that we miss, we're going to proactively apply credit and own it and apologize for where we don't get it right and to do a better job. I don't think the bill credits, there will be some incremental impact. I don't think it's going to be particularly material as it relates to ARPU. But what it does is it puts a pretty significant flashlight on us internally to make sure that what are those paper cuts, where are those service misses, and it provides a real incentive internally for us to go manage that down by providing even better and high quality of service. So a lot of this is just making sure that we get recognized for the investments that we've already made, but a lot of it also is forcing ourselves to be better and to do better. And then you match that service commitment at the same time with some of the ethos that was in what I described, which is around billing transparency and having high-quality services and products, which we do have, but even simple things about rounding the pricing, instead of $0.99, to rounding it to even dollars, and to having lower promotional pricing when bundled and lower persistent pricing when bundled in a way that not only saves customers money now, and we always did over time, but even more money over time to the extent they take more product from us. It's customer-friendly and competitive in the marketplace. So I'm really excited about it. There is, it is way, way too early, your question about any early impact of that. I think it's less about what you say and it's more about what you do and that takes time to be recognized in the marketplace. And so I think this is something that, maybe if we're lucky, back end of next year from just the customer commitments and service aspect, we could see the benefit of that. This is a multiyear process. It's not something that we're looking to immediately. But I think the good news, as you've highlighted, is we're very, very focused on our reputation in the marketplace, which impacts both customer acquisition as well as retention and the customer life, which has a better financial outcome for our shareholders as well as well as just being a great operator in the local communities we serve.
Jessica Fischer: Maybe the one early item that I think is really clear that's worth pointing out though is that the bundled strategy in what was rolled out in the new pricing and packaging is being really successful in doing the things that we hoped that it would do, which collectively should drive higher customer ARPU in terms of getting customers to take higher tiered packages, getting customers to take more products inside of those packages, and also sort of expanding the number of mobile lines that we're seeing sort of taken per customer. So the one piece, I think, that's been easy to see upfront is that, that strategy around sort of pushing value back into the bundle and utilizing that to drive higher customer ARPUs, I do think will be quite effective.
Christopher Winfrey: Yes. It's the old strategy that you can lower your product pricing and have higher customer ARPU, both at the time of sale as well as over time, and have longer customer lives and have lower operating costs and, therefore, have better returns by doing the right thing.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thanks, guys.
Christopher Winfrey: Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Jonathan. Operator, we'll take our next question please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Moffett: Hi. Thank you. I'm going to try to squeeze in two if I can. First, this is an interesting question that we've been pondering a bit, that you've been building out FTTH networks yourselves in your edge out and expansion areas. How much of your plant today is FTTH rather than HFC? And what kind of differences do you notice competitively in places, I know a lot of those are noncompetitive markets, but what kind of differences do you see competitively when you do have fiber to compete with rather than relying on your HFC network? And then if I could squeeze in one extra. Chris, you talked about lower participation in the BEAD program. Does that open the door perhaps to say if you can't expand your footprint through subsidized building, there may be opportunities for small-scale M&A, sort of rural cable operators, for example, that might be attractive and could be acquired for less than the cost of building yourself in a lot of cases?
Christopher Winfrey: Sure. On the Fiber-to-the-Home expansion, I don't have that number in front of me. I know when we started our rural build, we had roughly 750,000 passings or 750,000 miles planned. I think we're well over 900,000 today. If you think about how that's evolved over time, at the time we were 750,000 miles planned, we were about 50-50 in terms of construction that was between HFC and FTTH and we're now at close to 90% of the new build that we do is Fiber-to-the-Home. We do that simply because, on the increment, it's fine to do. The reality is what we see from a competitive standpoint as well as from a service standpoint, we see absolutely no difference. In fact, in our Fiber-to-the-Home footprint, oddly enough, we have a slightly higher troubled call rate than we do inside of our HFC plant on a 10-year adjusted basis for customers and plant construction. So I think that will normalize over time. Some of that's more software-driven related to OLTs and whatnot. But my big point there is zero difference to us in terms of the service quality or what we see really in competitiveness between the FTTH plant where we operate with HFC. The HFC over time is going to have certain advantages relative to fiber. And I would start by saying that, remember that, of our HFC plant, I don't know the exact stat, but whether it's 99.5% or 99.8% of our HFC plant really is fiber. And it's really at the end that it's coax on the run, which often is the case with Fiber-to-the-Home, in home wiring as well. So we're essentially the same network, except at the end, we have the advantage of having the ability to have more telemetry because of power and the ability to hang small cells from a wireless strategy perspective in a very capillary way. So we're spending time on really thinking through, over time, is the HFC network actually superior as a result of some of the capabilities that it will lend. I'm not there making that claim today, but I think there are some real advantages to the plant. And today, there's really no difference for us from what we see between one and the other. Do you want to jump in on?
Jessica Fischer: Yes. On the lower BEAD participation and what we would do then in small-scale M&A. Craig, we always say we like cable businesses, we believe we operate them well. When there are small-scale opportunities that fit well with our footprint, we will often, go after those. They're typically so small that you sort of don't see them and how they fold in. But I think that we look at those opportunities the way that we look at any other opportunity and expanding our footprint in that way does make sense when it's at the right price. I don't necessarily foresee that there's a trade-off as between BEAD and doing small-scale M&A. I think we pursue both of those opportunities where they make sense and will drive returns for the company.
Christopher Winfrey: I agree.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Craig. Operator, we'll take our next question please.
Operator: Our next question will come from John Hodulik from UBS. Please go ahead.
John Hodulik: Great. Thanks. And two sort of related questions. One, actually, Jessica, you may have -- you sort of touched on. I was just wondering, are there any sort of margin implications for the new pricing and packaging? It sounds like you're going to -- you expect to have better sell-in, which should lead to better margins. But sort of any -- when should we expect to see the sort of benefits of that, both in terms of margins and maybe changes in subscriber trends on the data side and video side? And then, obviously, you've seen some nice EBITDA acceleration through the year, probably will again in the fourth quarter with political advertising. Can you sort of point out any puts or takes as we try to get a sense for what EBITDA trends look like in 2025? Obviously, you don't want to give guidance now. But is there anything you can point to or that suggests the momentum you've seen through the year will continue in '25? Thanks.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. So starting on the margin implications for the new pricing and packaging. What we think about when we look at the success of the program is what Chris was describing in terms of how do you drive the most product value to the consumer that generates the most revenue. And then really, I guess, I think of it as sort of the most cash flow per customer, which isn't margin as a percentage. It's margin as an absolute dollar value. And in that case, I think that we're quite confident that the new pricing and packaging will be really successful in driving additional cash flow per customer because of the value that we've pushed into the bundles and what that means for the total margin that we can generate on the services offered to those customers. Does that mean that margin as a percentage will go up? That one is less clear. I actually think that the video product is a bit more attractive in the new pricing and packaging as we pull it together. And so because of that, your mix around how much video versus how much mobile and how much Internet might change. Mix tends to drive margin percentage across the company. And in this case, it might get you to the wrong answer because I think that we can drive the most collective margin by driving the most products to the customer. On the EBITDA front, thinking about the fourth quarter and next year, we still anticipate strong EBITDA growth in Q4, though it might not accelerate the way that we had hoped given that some of our expense reduction impacts, I think, came in a little earlier than we expected and we will have the storm impacts that hit inside of Q4. Still strong, but maybe not accelerating. And then going into next year, we're, of course, going to target EBITDA growth. But there are some meaningful headwinds, which I think include our Internet customer losses in 2024 and a nonpolitical year for advertising. Even with that, our expense reduction efforts, which I've mentioned before, include things that are both short-term and have already rolled in as well as some medium and longer-term items that are still building. I think that they'll put us in a good place. But there are meaningful headwinds as we go into next year.
John Hodulik: Got it. Thanks, Jessica.
Christopher Winfrey: John, on the first question, Jessica is right about we focus on cash flow margin. But even with the percent over time, so I'm not talking at acquisition, but over time, I think it's important to note that our triple play bundles of different combinations. They have the highest dollars of EBITDA -- not only the highest ARPU, but the highest dollars of EBITDA contribution. They also have the lowest churn and the longest customer life and they have the best ROI. And that still is the case today, which comes back to our launch of the new Spectrum pricing and packaging is you just have to make sure that there's real value in the products that you're putting on the bill. And if there is, and it's a high-quality product, there's value and you have utility all packaged together, you can be in an environment where you have higher dollars of ARPU. You have higher dollars of margin. You have lower churn and lower operating cost per PSU. And even as a result of having a mix with products with different direct costs in there, you can end up long-term with higher EBITDA margin even as a percent also because your operating cost is much lower. Your churn is lower. And as a result, your subscriber acquisition cost is lower because you're not having to replace customers that you lost with new ones to fill the hole. And instead you're using your subscriber acquisition cost to acquire net new customers, which has the impact of increasing your dollar margin as well as your percent margin over the long-term. And that's the unique competitive advantage, I think, that we have is we have all those products, seamless connectivity and seamless entertainment in 100% of our footprint. And that's what we're trying to do is make better use of those capabilities.
John Hodulik: Got it. Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, John. Thank you. Operator, we'll take our next question please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steven Cahall from Wells Fargo.
Steven Cahall: Thank you. Can you hear me okay?
Christopher Winfrey: Yes.
Steven Cahall: So Chris, you have a unique video offering at this point. And I know you've worked hard to add the streaming services to customers. When we think about where you can go from here, I'm not sure there's been an uptick kind of year-on-year in double and triple play customers yet. It sounds like you're thinking maybe later next year is when you might see the fruition of a lot of those efforts come together in those multiproduct customers. So I was just wondering how you could add a little more color to retention and acquisition and what the timing and the impact of that looks like at the customer level over the medium-term. And then just a small one. I know it's tough to unpack ARPU. But if we just think about roll to pay, you were very aggressive on Spectrum One about 18 months ago. Can you help us at all think about how much roll to pay is contributing to either revenue or ARPU at this point? Thank you.
Christopher Winfrey: Why don't I take the first one, and Jessica, if you have thoughts on the second? I agree, we have a unique video offering and, at the same time, it's easy to get impatient as to how quickly we can get all that fully rolled out in a way that's easy for customers to understand, appreciate, sign up to, and utilize. And yet, when you think about that first half of 2025 that I talked about to fully operationalize it, it's really, that would only be 18 months from the time we first started to enter into these programming agreements. And so it's a relatively short period of time when we're going to be fully operationalized. So our goals, our priorities here was first to really focus on getting all these programming agreements done in a, I think, what turned out to be a 12 or 13 month period. So pretty quick to really run through all of those program agreements, some of which were early renewals because programmers were getting behind us. The second piece is to just physically get launched the programmer apps to form part of our seamless entertainment so that customers can subscribe to those. It's not the same because they have a broader direct-to-consumer businesses and we need to work with them on authentication as well as programmer specific credentials, which means that, in its current state, it's a high-value proposition, but it's not always easy to find and it's not always easy to subscribe and to manage your existing subscriptions potentially with those programmer apps. And so that's the environment that we sit today, which is good takeup, but not exactly the most customer-friendly proposition just yet, which is what we're working through. The second priority or the third priority, first is programming relationships, two was launch the direct-to-consumer app, third is to implement the ability for customers to upgrade to the ad-free version of these apps, only a couple of which has already been launched, so we're well in the progress with that as well. And then the final piece is really to put it all inside of what I would call a video portal, which allows you to manage all of your video subscription with us, including all of the programmer apps, when it's included as part of your offer, when it's upgraded to the ad free version, we have economics as well. And the ability to sell these programmer apps to our broadband customers or to our skinny package video customers, all in the same place where you can manage your subscriptions. And that's a compelling marketplace for video that we're developing today. And it requires for some pretty significant cooperation as well, as you can imagine, with the programmers. And we think we'll have all that placed in the first half of 2025 and be able to present that to customers as part of our pricing and packaging. I think there was some misconception in the marketplace that thought that we were going to do some big, huge marketing campaign and that would have a financial impact next year. That's really not the case. The investment we're making is the utility of finding all of this in a place that can manage your subscriptions and they've been able to activate all of that within Xumo in particular or other platforms. And the marketing and sales that we're doing really is tied to our new pricing and packaging as part of these bundles that we're putting out. So longer term, I expect all of that to have a pretty significant impact on acquisition and retention, certainly for video, but hopefully also with Internet when bundled together. Already without getting to that place that we expect to be next year we already see a significant uplift in the video sell-in just from the way that we're bundling and going to market with this new Spectrum pricing and packaging even without the benefit of that the video marketplace environment that I described. We're already seeing a pretty significant uplift. And the reason that we're comfortable with that is because we know the value is there, because of what's in place already today with some of the programmer apps and what's coming, what will be launched, and the ability to actually find and manage it in a better way. So we're pretty -- look, we're -- on one hand, we're excited about the space because it adds value. On the other hand, I want to be careful we're not forecasting video growth. We're simply saying that it's a way to add utility into our seamless connectivity relationships in a way that hasn't existed. And from our past experience, we know the value that can come about to the overall bundle by doing that right.
Jessica Fischer: I'll take the other one on the mobile called roll-to-pay rates. We still see our free lines converting to being paying customers at very strong rates. In terms of the impact that has on ARPUs across the system, so once you get to, I'm going to say normalized, but once you get to a similar number of overall free lines inside of the system in a year-over-year, then you no longer end up with the same sort of boosts or impact of the year-over-year -- the same year-over-year impact on ARPU. So if I think about Internet ARPU there, as an example, Internet ARPU grew 2.8% on a GAAP basis. It would have been 3.1%, excluding the GAAP allocations, which is a closer tie between the two of those than what we've seen previously. And I think going forward, you'll find those coming together. On the other side, mobile ARPU actually was up and is looking really good. But the increase that you see in mobile ARPU related to the uptake of our Unlimited Plus plans, which really has been driven by anytime upgrade and I think could be driven further given some of the incentives that we have around it in the new pricing and packaging plans. So we're seeing, I guess, good growth in ARPU, but not as much at this point related to the roll-off of free lines in the system, not because the free lines aren't performing well, but just because the free lines now as a portion of the total base are more normalized.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Steven. And that concludes our call today. Operator, we'll pass it back to you.
Christopher Winfrey: Thank you very much.
Jessica Fischer: Thanks.
Operator: This concludes our call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello. And welcome to Charter Communications' Second Quarter Investor Call. We ask that you please hold all questions until the completion of the formal remarks, at which time you'll be given instructions for the question-and-answer session. Also, as a reminder, this conference is being recorded today. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Stefan Anninger.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, operator, and welcome, everyone. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com. I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, which we encourage you to read carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect management's current view only and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements. On today's call, we have Chris Winfrey, our President and CEO, and Jessica Fischer, our CFO. With that, let's turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks, Stefan. During the second quarter, we lost 149 ,000 internet customers, most of which was driven by the end of the Affordable Connectivity Program. We added over 550,000 Spectrum Mobile lines and close to 2.2 million lines year-over-year. Revenue was up slightly in the quarter, while adjusted EBITDA grew by 2.6%. We put a lot of effort into the ACP program, and it wasn't renewed. Beginning early this year, we've been actively working with customers to preserve their connectivity. Our service and retention teams are handling the volume of calls well, and we've retained the vast majority of ACP customers so far. The real question is customers' ability to pay, not just now, but over time. I expect we'll have a better view of the total ACP impact once we're inside the fourth quarter. The lack of ACP will also drive higher levels of market churn and selling opportunities for connectivity services over time. Turning back to today's results, the second quarter already tends to be a seasonally weak quarter. The loss of ACP impacted both churn and low-income broadband connects, helping drive the Mobile-only broadband category back to pre-pandemic levels. That shift added to an already low level of move activity and overall market connect volume. That said, we performed better than our expectations for Internet in a quarter, and we competed well compared to previous quarters against both wireline overbuild and cell phone Internet, each with expanded footprints. Overall churn remains at low levels, even with the end of the ACP program, and we remain confident in our ability to return to healthy, long-term growth. Our Internet product is faster and more reliable. Our pricing is lower when similarly bundled with mobile. We expect market activity and selling opportunities to pick up over time, and the cell phone companies will face challenges. as a customer bandwidth demands continue to grow. If we take a step back, our success will be premised on our high capacity, fully deployed network and the products it can deliver. We already have a one gigabit network everywhere we operate across 58 million passings. And when our network evolution initiatives complete, we'll have a ubiquitous, symmetrical, multi-gig capable network supporting continued growth in data demand from customers and new applications such as AR, VR and AI. All at an incremental investment of just a $100 per passing. Those wireline network capabilities are combined with mobile capabilities everywhere we operate, creating the nation's first converged network. Uniquely providing seamless connectivity and the fastest mobile service where 87% of traffic is delivered by our own gigabit capable WiFi network. And our converged connectivity product set is poised to get better through speed upgrades and over 43 million access points, which will grow with our own and our partner's ongoing WiFi router and CBRS access point deployment. That converged network is also expanding, covering more passings as we grow our footprint with high ROI construction opportunities in both rural and non-rural areas. As we show on slide 4 of today's investor presentation, we are very well positioned competitively with higher quality products, lower pricing, and the ability to deliver a converged bundle of products. In Internet, data usage continues to grow and demand for faster speeds will grow with it. During the second quarter, roughly 30% of residential internet customers who do not buy traditional video from us, used over a terabyte of data per month, which together with overall usage is increasing. This quarter, we saw the most additions to our gig speed tier ever, an area we can grow. Our mobile offering continues to evolve, driving strong results. Our second quarter mobile line Net Ad performance was better than the first quarter results, even without the incremental benefit of our free mobile retention offer to former ACP customers. And we also had our highest port ends quarter ever. In April, we began offering Anytime Upgrade to new and existing Unlimited Plus customers. Anytime Upgrade allows Unlimited Plus customers to upgrade their phones whenever they want, eliminating traditional wait times, upgrade fees, and condition requirements. And during the second quarter, customers increasingly chose our Unlimited Plus package priced at $40 versus $30. In April, we also launched a new repair and replacement plan for just $5 per month. That price point is very competitive in driving higher take rates. These new affordable value-added services enhance our profitable growth and competitively open access to new customer segments. Along those lines, in May, we launched our new phone balance buyout program. Now when a customer switches to the Spectrum Mobile from another provider and purchases at least three lines, we'll pay off their existing phone balance on ported lines up to $2,500 for five lines. This new program helps multiline mobile customer prospects with device balances and other providers to more easily switch to Spectrum Mobile. And of course, Spectrum One continues to perform well at both Connect and at promotional roll-off, offering the fastest connectivity with differentiated features. Today, approximately 8% of our total passings take our converged offering of internet and mobile. We've remained underpenetrated despite having a differentiated and superior offering with market -leading pricing at promotion and at retail. Finally, turning to video, losses continued in video where we've seen downgrade churn from programmer rate increases, we passed through. The loss of ACP in the second quarter also impacted video downgrades as customers made choices based on affordability. Over the last several years, due to margin pressure from programming increases, we've moved away from selling bundles with traditional discounts. But as we look to better differentiate ourselves in a competitive marketplace, we are considering ways to better leverage our unique capabilities across our full set of products, including video, particularly now that we're adding significant value back into the video product for consumers with hybrid linear DTC bundles, more economical package choices, and with our Xumo Box. In May, we reached a new agreement with Paramount that gives us the ability to offer the ad-supported versions of Paramount's direct-to-consumer services, Paramount Plus and VET Plus, to our traditional cable package customers at no additional cost. We plan to launch the Paramount DTC inclusion offer to our customers around Labor Day. Earlier this month, ViX, the leading Spanish language DTC product from TelevisaUnivision became available to a large number of customers with eligible spectrum video packages at no extra cost. We launched Disney Plus Basic to TV Select customers as a DTC inclusion in January, and will begin to offer Disney Plus Premium to add free version of Disney Plus to customers as a $6 upgrade later this quarter. We also have planned to offer Hulu to our TV Select customers at the incremental retail price for Disney's duo basic bundle $2 in the fourth quarter. So our efforts to deploy a new hybrid DTC linear model first for the industry remain on track and we expect it to be fully deployed next year. Together with Xumo our goal is to deliver utility and value for our customers irrespective of how they want to view content and better and more stable economics for programming partners. But the associated DTCs have to be part of the full package service. Customers can't be forced to pay twice and if the DTC standalone pricing is less expensive at retail, then that's what we really should help programmers sell instead. Fundamentally, we believe that evolving the video business even if it isn't growing helps customer acquisition of retention, still has positive cash flow, it provides us with option value. And over time, we believe a high quality video product gives us the opportunity to reintroduce more value into the converged connectivity relationship. So stepping back, we're executing well on many multiyear transformational programs. We're growing EBITDA despite the loss of ACP and a competitive cycle by driving efficiency without impacting our service and sales capabilities. We remain fully focused on driving growth using our unique set of scaled assets and the highest quality products and services in order to create long-term value for shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jessica.
Jessica Fischer : Thanks, Chris. Let's turn to our customer results on slide 6. Including residential and SMB, we lost 149,000 Internet customers in the second quarter. While in Mobile, we added 557,000 mobile lines. Video customers declined by 408,000 and wireline voice customers declined by 280,000. As Chris mentioned, our second quarter Internet losses were primarily driven by the end of the ACP program. ACP program connects ended in early February. In May, the program's original $30 subsidy was reduced to $14. And in June, that subsidy was reduced to zero. We estimate that the end of the program's impact on our second quarter internet gross additions and churn drove over 100,000 of our 149,000 internet losses in the quarter. And from a financial perspective, there was an approximately $30 million headwind to second quarter revenue from onetime non-recurring ACP related items in the quarter. In addition, similar to the end of the Keep Americans Connected program in June 2020, many of our ACP customers had past due balances that had been fully reserved for accounting purposes. We took steps to eliminate a portion of those back balances for certain customers and put a portion of their remaining balances on payment plans. For certain customers with a low likelihood to pay post ACP, we have been recognizing revenue on a cash basis, resulting in slightly less revenue and less bad debt in the second quarter than we would have otherwise had. So far, we are performing well with ACP retention, but the largest driver of Internet customer losses associated with the end of the ACP program will be in non-pay disconnects, and they will occur in the third and fourth quarters, likely weighted to the third. We continue to do everything we can to preserve connectivity for former ACP subsidy recipients. We have a number of products and offers to assist those that have lost their ACP subsidy, including our Spectrum Internet Assist program, our Internet 100 products, and we've been offering all of our ACP customers a free mobile line for one year. And we continue to market offers targeted at low income customers, a segment that we have historically served well. Turning to rural, we ended the quarter with 582,000 subsidized rural passings. We grew those passings by 89,000 in the second quarter and by 345,000 over the last 12 months. We had 36,000 net customer additions in our subsidized rural footprint in the quarter. We continue to expect to activate approximately 450,000 new subsidized rural passings in 2023, about 50% more than 2023. We also continue to expect our RDOF build to be completed by the end of 2026, two years ahead of schedule. Moving to second quarter financial results starting on slide 7. Over the last year, Residential customers declined by 1.3%. Residential revenue per customer relationship grew by 0.4% year-over-year, given promotional rate step-ups, rate adjustments, and the growth of Spectrum Mobile, partly offset by a higher mix of non-video customers, growth of lower-priced video packages within our base, and some internet ARPU compression related to retention offers extended to customers that previously received an ACP subsidy. As slide 7 shows, in total, Residential revenue declined by 0.6% year-over-year. Turning to commercial, SMB revenue grew by 0.6% year-over-year, reflecting SMB customer growth of 0.2% year-over-year and higher monthly SMB revenue per SMB customer, primarily due to rate adjustment. Enterprise revenue grew 4.5% year-over-year, driven by enterprise PSU growth of 6.1% year-over-year. And when excluding all wholesale revenue, enterprise grew by 5.9%. Second quarter advertising revenue grew by 3.3% year-over-year, given political revenue growth. Core ad revenue was down about 2% year-over-year. Other revenue grew by 6% year-over-year, primarily driven by higher mobile device sales. And in total, consolidated second quarter revenue was up 0.2% year-over-year and 0.1% year-over-year when excluding advertising revenue. Moving to operating expenses and adjusted EBITDA on slide 8, in the second quarter, total operating expenses declined by 1.4% year-over-year. Programming costs declined by 9.8% year-over-year due to a 9.5% decline in video customers year-over-year and a higher mix of lighter video packages, partly offset by higher programming rates. Other costs of revenue increased by 12.6%, primarily driven by mobile service direct costs and higher mobile device sales. Cost-to-service customers declined 4.2% year-over-year given productivity from our 10-year investments, including lower labor costs and lower bad debt expense, as we saw some favorability and our mobile bad debt as a portion of revenue due to an improved customer tenure and credit profile. And, as I mentioned earlier, a portion of our uncollectible billings offset revenue in the quarter. Sales and marketing costs grew by 1.9% as we remain focused on driving customer acquisition. Finally, other expense grew by 4.7%, mostly driven by an insurance expense benefit from the prior year quarter. Adjusted EBITDA grew by 2.6% year-over-year in the quarter, and when excluding advertising, EBITDA grew by 2.4% year-over-year. While we don't manage the business at a single product line P&L level, we continue to compute allocations internally, and this quarter, for the first time, our standalone mobile adjusted EBITDA was positive, even when including the headwind of subscriber acquisition costs and without the benefit of GAAP revenue allocation to mobile revenue. Our mobile profitability this quarter marks a significant milestone. It shows that we're on the path to establishing a mobile business that is very profitable. Overall, our goal is to deliver solid EBITDA growth, and we believe we can continue to do that even as we make significant investments in the business and face a challenging competitive environment and the end of the ACP program. Our expense management process is working with growing realization of impacts in the second quarter. We continue to expect accelerating EBITDA growth in the back half of the year, given our expense management initiatives, Spectrum 1 promotional roll-off, and political advertising revenue. Turning to net income on slide 9, we generated $1.2 billion of net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the second quarter, in line with last year, as higher adjusted EBITDA was mostly offset by higher other operating expense, primarily due to restructuring and severance costs and net amounts of litigation settlements. Turning to slide 10, capital expenditures totaled $2.85 billion in the second quarter, in line with last year's second quarter spend. Line extension spend totaled $1.1 billion, $37 million higher than last year, driven by our subsidized rural construction initiative and continued network expansion across residential and commercial green sales and market fill-in opportunity. Second quarter capital expenditures, excluding line extensions, totaled $1.7 billion, which was similar to the prior year period. For the full year 2024, we now expect capital expenditures to total approximately $12 billion, down from between $12.2 billion and $12.4 billion previously. Our reduced outlook for 2024 capital spending reflects lower internet and video customer net additions, including the impact of the end of the ACP program, which drives lower CPE costs. We're also actively managing vendor rates and construction materials to make our capital expenditures more efficient. We still expect line extension spend of approximately $4.5 billion, and network evolution spend of approximately $1.6 billion. Turning to free cash flow on slide 11, free cash flow in the second quarter totaled $1.3 billion, an increase of approximately $630 million compared to last year's second quarter. The year-over-year increase was primarily driven by higher adjusted EBITDA, lower cash taxes due to timing, and a favorable change in working capital. On that front, we've been managing the balance sheet to provide us better overall cash flow and increased flexibility. Over the last several quarters, we sold our towers portfolio, which generated almost $400 million in proceeds. We launched our EIP securitization program in the second quarter, which backs a new $1.25 billion credit facility at favorable interest rates. And we've been working with our vendor base to extend our payment terms, utilizing a supply chain financing tool to support our working capital favorability. We will continue to identify and capitalize on balance sheet opportunities to help fund our unique one-time capital investments. We finished the quarter with $96.5 billion in debt principle. Our current rent rate annualized cash interest is $5.1 billion, and we repurchased $1.5 million Charter shares and Charter Holdings common units, totaling $404 million at an average price of $271 per share. Given our long dated and 86% fixed rate debt structure, our sensitivity to higher rates is relatively low. If we refinanced all of our debt due in 2025 and 2026 at current rates, the impact to our rent rate interest expense would be less than $60 million. As of the end of the second quarter, our ratio of net debt to last 12 months adjusted EBITDA moved down to 4.32x. We expect to continue to move closer to the middle of our 4x to 4.5x target leverage range through the end of this year. And we remain fully committed to maintaining our split rated debt structure, including access to the investment grade market, given the significant benefits that it offers to all of our capital providers. We continue to be confident in the long-term trajectory of the business. We have the best products at the best prices in our industry, and we remain under penetrated relative to our long-term potential. That combined with the investments that we're making in the business and our expense savings initiative will continue to drive strong EBITDA growth and value creation for many years to come. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson.
Craig Moffett: Hi. Thank you. Perhaps no surprise. I'd like to drill down a little bit more on the ACP impacts. A couple of questions. First, to what extent are you seeing ACP showing up in reduced gross editions that is just lower market activity because new customers can't sign up for or ACP customers who are moving can't continue to sign up for the program even before you start to see non-pay disconnects. And then second, what impact is it having on ARPU? You reported 1.7% broadband ARPU the same as last quarter. Had it not been for ACP, could you just tell us what that would have been as you're starting to now lap some of the Spectrum 1 discounts that were included in the numbers in the past?
Chris Winfrey: Sure. Hey, Craig. I'll take the first one. Jessica can take the second. For ACP, we estimated the impact was well over 100,000 inside the quarter to net editions loss. And for us to say that means that we have a high level of confidence probably higher than that. So half of which was from voluntary churn and the other half was coming from reduced gross editions, as you mentioned, from low income segments that had been connecting at a higher rate at a much lower rate once ACP disappeared. Of course, we saw some of that impact already inside of Q1. And we saw the same inside of Q2. So that's the drivers inside there, about half and half. And it's really the combination of those when I mentioned that we saw a reversion to the pre-pandemic mobile only broadband category where you've seen that category increase, which is taking out volume from the marketplace in terms of a source of acquisition. It's temporary. It's one time in nature. And so as we've spoken about before, it's really about just managing through that one-time impact and trying to make sure that we're doing all the right things for preserving that base, and keeping them connected, which we're doing, but also making sure that we're making the right investments and the right moves for the business as usual underlying growth trajectory. Jessica on the ARPU.
Jessica Fischer : Yes. So Internet ARPU increased 1.7% year-over-year in the quarter. If you adjusted, Craig, for the $30 million in one-time ACP related items that I mentioned and for the impact of the mobile revenue allocation, that ARPU growth would have been 2.7%. I didn't incorporate the cash basis accounting impact that I mentioned earlier. It's small, and unless those customers do end up paying at a rate that's higher than our expectation, I think it recurs in revenue going forward. But so I think you would have been, but for those two items, that's a 2.7%
Stefan Anninger : Thanks Craig. Operator, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sebastiano Petti with JP Morgan.
Sebastiano Petti: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I think, Chris, in the prepared remarks, you said you competed well against fixed wireless and fiber, even though their footprints are expanding. Given the prevalence of what we're seeing in terms of open access and other host cell provider getting into the mix and increasing the fiber availability, have you seen a demonstrable change in the fiber deployments year-to-date as you think about that insurgent or non-incumbent fiber bill to some extent? And again, just trying to think about that increase in open access and wholesaler, how does it change, if at all, how you're thinking about the competitive environment on a go-forward basis in terms of other converged players or options moving into your footprint?
Chris Winfrey: Sure. Look, the competitive fiber overbuild has maintained a relatively steady pace. If anything, it's slightly lower than what it had been. And so we don't see any dramatic change there. When I talked about maintaining our competitiveness means having a similar impact, despite the fact that you have an expanding footprint. So you could, if I was being bullish, I would argue that that's an improvement, and as opposed to just staying steady. And so we're competing well, both in the wireline overbuild space, which is more permanent, as well as the cell phone internet space as well. In terms of some of the experiments that you're seeing as it relates to wholesale access and whatnot, it's still a fiber overbuild at the end of the day. And there's still economics that need to be deployed. And those economics are, in my mind, are not very good. They haven't been for decades of the economics of an overbuilder on an existing footprint. So I don't think it, A, dramatically changes the outputs that they can provide because the economics aren't any different, and B, it's really small. What you're talking about that's been done is just a very small percentage of the U.S. footprint. So the ability to project products both from a sales and marketing and service perspective really is impacted by the ubiquitous nature of the technology that you have and the ability to provide those products in the marketplace. And so from our perspective, when we look at it and say, what's unique about us is we have a gigabit network deployed everywhere we operate. In addition to that, we're upgrading that wireline network to have symmetrical and multi-gig speeds everywhere, not just in redline pockets, but everywhere that we operate, and then you combine that with our WiFi and CBRS capabilities and a very strategic relationship that we have with a great partner in Verizon, it gives us the ability to provide seamless connectivity, converged broadband everywhere you go inside of our footprint, and that's unique. The only other operator who has those type of capabilities really is Comcast. And so I think that's the real strategic advantage for us, and it's not because we have that capability in 2%, 3%, or 5% of our footprint. We have it everywhere we operate, and it allows us to be loud in the marketplace, talk about not only the product advantages of having that seamless connectivity, but the ability to save customers hundreds and thousands of dollars really with a better product. And so I don't see anything that's really changed. Other than some of these joint ventures announcements that you've seen, if you really sit back and think about it from both a strategy and from a valuation perspective, I think it's flattering. It tells you the strategic asset that we have. And so if you take a look at the slide that we have on page 4 of the deck today, you think about everything that I said and our capabilities, and then you think about where others are trying to go, many of the MNOs, I do think that's flattering both from a strategic, from an operating and from evaluation perspective of what we have and what we're capable of doing. It has people's attention.
Sebastiano Petti: And if I could ask a quick follow-up on wireless, it sounds, I think you noted that even excluding the retention offer for the ACP subscribers, mobile lines would have been up. I mean, can you help us think about what you're seeing in terms of just the contract buyout and some of the other offers you have in the market, and does your maybe go-to-market need to evolve at all as we think about obviously fears or concerns about what an upgrade cycle might mean from the Apple iPhone in the back half of the year. Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: Sure. Well, mobile wasn't just up. What I was saying is it was up quarter-over-quarter. We had a very good first quarter. It was clearly up even more this quarter. And if you excluded the benefit of the ACP mobile only, mobile retention offers, we still would have been better than a very strong first quarter. That reflects just the general momentum that we have, but also, we have evolved the product. And so we've rolled out the Anytime Upgrade Program, which is unique in the market. We have even though it sounds small, it's attractive to customers, service, and repair function that's, I think, competitive. And now with the phone balance buyout program, which is also pretty unique in the marketplace. And all of those rolled out sequentially during the course of the quarter and have continued to improve our selling capabilities along the way. I think that positions us well in any market. We've not been, I think, where you were going, we've not been, we don't intend to be in the business of subsidizing phones. But we do have really good programs that make it attractive for customers to not only come in to be a customer spectrum mobile, but also to stay with us because we have the ability through the Anytime Upgrade Program to really at a low competitive cost, keep them current with their models of phones now and in the future. And stating the obvious, the biggest advantage here beyond just the devices really is the ability to provide a higher quality, faster mobile service, seamless connectivity, and to be able to save them hundreds or thousands of dollars a year. I mean, if you think about our pricing at $30 for unlimited and $40 for unlimited plus on one line and each incremental line, it's really competitive. It's very good. So we're happy with where we are with the product. We will continue to evolve it. I think some of those feature sets that will evolve really include things like mobile speed boost, which ties to the capabilities that we have with WiFi and wireline, and the ability to have spectrum mobile as an SSID. So those of you in the New York and LA markets, for example, what you'll notice is as you travel outside of your home with Spectrum Mobile, an auto-authenticated attachment to Spectrum Mobile SSID, which boosts your speed wherever you go, and it increases your access and your reliability, which is the nature of seamless connectivity.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Sebastiano. Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Chaplin with New Street Research.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thanks, guys. Two questions. One just on broadband market growth for Chris, and then one on free cash flow for Jessica. Chris, could you give us a little bit more context around the ACP impact from lower gross ads in 1Q? I think you said it was sort of roughly the same as in 2Q, so maybe it was 50,000, but what I'm trying to get to is an understanding of what's going on with underlying growth. It looks like it actually improved for you a little bit sequentially, and so either broadband market growth in aggregate isn't getting any worse, maybe it's getting a little better, or you're just doing better on market share relative to your competitors. And we'd love to understand that a little bit better. And then Jessica, it sounded like from your discussion of working capital that this isn't a timing impact in 2Q. You've changed how you manage working capital, and so you should expect to be able to sort of retain this benefit to free cash flow as we go through the year. I just wanted to confirm that. And then do you have to get all the way back to 4.2x to 4.25x leverage before you would accelerate share repurchases again? Thanks.
Chris Winfrey: So Jonathan, there's I think a few derivatives inside of your question. And so let me try to give you what you're looking for in the way that we think about it. And inside of the first quarter, we had performed better relative to prior quarters and prior year on competitive switching. And so that was in the marketplace, so available subscriber ads and disconnects. But we saw, as you highlighted as well, once everybody had reported, we saw a significant reduction in the first quarter of this year in the available gross ads, a significant drop year-over-year and that was due to housing starts, rental vacancies, but also the removal of ACP for new connects, all of which driving your version to mobile-only back to pre-pandemic levels. That broadband market growth rate overall we still saw is significantly reduced for all those factors inside of Q1 but a dramatic drop, and so that put our performance in relative light given the overall market backdrop, a lot of which was one time in nature. In Q2, and while it's early because we don't have all the data, I think our evidence shows that for the first time and due to, again, all of the one-time factors and most dramatically the loss of ACP, the broadband market actually shrunk as a one-time event. And so if you put our performance and then our statements about relative competition in context with that, and I think we're doing pretty well. And that was the nature of the comments that I provided in the prepared remarks. I do think that, as I mentioned, moves will come back. It's hard to predict exactly when, but moves will come back, housing starts will return, apartment rental rates will go back up, and most importantly, the most dramatic effect is once you flush out the ACP impact between Q2 and Q3 predominantly, then you'll be able to get back into a much more normalized environment. And I think the product investments that we're making and the attractiveness of the value that we provide puts us in great position for when that volume returns, and we're doing everything we can in the meantime to preserve all the ACP customers doing really well, but at the same time making sure that we're ready to come out in a good light on the back end once the volume does pick back up.
Jessica Fischer : On the free cash flow side, Jonathan, so I think we had previously talked about working capital for the year, coming back to being in a place that was relatively flat. As I said, we're working on the balance sheet and trying to make sure we can extract appropriate cash from the balance sheet to support what we're doing across the business. I think that we'll probably do better than that sort of flat working capital expectation, but I'm not prepared to say by exactly how much. The variability in working capital has a lot to do with exactly how expense timing and capital timing lands over the course of the year, and so while I think that we'll get good benefits out of just the balance sheet management side, I'm not going to take up the total thoughts that we've had on working capital today. On your other question, sort of how do we think about, I think it was sort of a one and then the other. Do you have to get all the way back to the middle of your range before you accelerate buybacks? I'm in the same place that I was last quarter, which is that I think that we can continue to do buybacks over the course of the rest of the year and still do what we have said that we would do from a leverage perspective. And I don't think of it as do you have to do one and then the other. I'm pretty confident in the trajectory of the business for the second half of the year. And so, I think that we can have sort of good pacing on buybacks and meet what we've said about leverage at the same time. That being said, the capital allocation strategy hasn't changed. We still go after high ROI, organic investment first. We still look then at whether there's a creative M&A opportunity is next. And those come before sort of this balance sheet management and share buybacks that happens as the last set of priorities there. And so, we haven't given a guide around where we think that we'll go in terms of total buybacks. It's because we want to make sure that we maintain that flexibility to do what we think is most important for the business, which is to make the right investments to drive growth of the business going forward.
Stefan Anninger: Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thanks. Good morning. Chris, I believe you guys took some cost action. I don't know if there were headcount reductions this year at Charter, but I know you guys have had a cost plan you've been working on. I'm wondering if you could just talk about what you guys are doing and how you're approaching that. And I think you had suggested you guys weren't going to touch any sort of customer-facing resources. So just give us a sense of where you are on that and your philosophy as you look through the rest of the year and how we might think about that impacting the financials. And then maybe for Jessica, I don't know if you have any visibility at this point into Q3, ACP impact from that 100,000, but if you do, I'd love to hear it. And try to understand the decline in bad debt. I know you touched on it in your prepared remarks. I don't know if that tells us something about your third quarter ACP expectation, or if you still expect cost of service to be flat for the year, we just want a little more color around those trends. Thank you both.
Chris Winfrey: Hey, Ben. So there's kind of three parts to that, which is, I'll start with the second one you had, is the Q3 ACP. I'll handle that. And Jessica can comment on bad debt and then cost reductions. Jessica can go through and I can tag team there a bit. But from a Q3 ACP outlook, we're not going to be providing any customer net additions guidance today, but for sure there's going to be, as we both mentioned, I think Jessica and I, that there'll be more non-pay disconnect in the third quarter. But there are a lot of other moving parts and we're competing well. I think that maybe the interesting tidbit here is maybe talking a little bit more about recent trends. June was oddly the best loss of the second quarter. And internet net ads trends in July have been similar to what we saw in June. Sounds great. But the reality is the ACP related non-pay disconnect activity hasn't started yet. And we'll know really more about sustainable payment trends than nothing to be scared of today, but sustainable payment trends really through August with the non-pay beginning then and trailing into a little bit into Q4. So when you step back, I know you know this, but ultimately this ACP transitions are onetime event. And so we're very focused on really isolating the ACP impact internally and evaluating not only obviously our performance on retaining those customers because we want to keep them connected. We think it's very valuable and we can, but also what's the underlying trend absent the ACP impact to make sure that we're getting better every day. So Jessica on the ACP does bad debt piece.
Jessica Fischer : Yes. So if you think about what happened in bad debt in the year-over-year, Ben, there's a few things going on. One really with tenure and credit profile in our mobile customer base that's been improving, particularly for customers that have EIP plans with us. And on the ACP front, we took a lot of bad debt along the way, particularly for customers who entered the ACP program and they had outstanding unpaid balances. And so those have really been reserved throughout the ACP program. I mentioned it in the remarks but there also is a portion of the ACP customer base where we have a very low expectation of payment for them and so instead of taking their revenue into revenue and then taking bad debt expenses and offset, we actually didn't recognize revenue for those customers. So when you see that it means that bad debt expense, I think absent that you might have had -- you would have had more bad debt expense if we had put that back in the other direction. And then the last point I mean we did have overall lower resi revenue in 2Q in the year-over-year and some mixed changes and so with other things being equal that also drives a little bit of downward pressure on bad debt. All of that is to say I wouldn't read anything sort of into what is it that you think about Q3 and looking at what happened with bad debt in the year-over-year, I think there are a number of factors going on there. As you think about then what's happening on the overall cost reduction side which I think was your other question. The expense management process is pretty extensive. While we're not doing anything that will impact our sales or service capabilities, we have things that are big things that are small some short some medium some long-term opportunities all across the business. We've made progress with some vendor cost reductions with reduced spend around discretionary categories like real estate and third-party services, some reductions to overhead expenses and implementing some tools to increase our efficiency and actually I think the benefits from those came a little faster into 2Q than what we had anticipated, but we're already realizing the benefits of some of the changes will continue to build on additional opportunities over time. As you look at the rest of the year, I think we had given some thoughts on our outlook for expenses. We had expected programming costs per video customer to grow in the 1% to 2% range year-over-year. I now expect that to be flattish year-over-year. We previously had said that we expected costs to serve to be flat with 2023. I now expect that to decline by 1% to 2% inclusive of bad debt expense. And in sales to marketing, I think we had said 2% to 3% growth. And at this point, I would expect us to be in the low end of that range, if not a bit below. I also, as an aside, just want to clarify something I said earlier. My comments on working capital. I want to be clear that the comments on working capital are on cable working capital. Mobile continues to have the detriment of the EIP notes. And so those will continue to be a drag, though the securitization plan that we did in the quarter does help that.
Chris Winfrey: And on the cost if you just take one a different layer of look, the, so Jessica's right, we're doing lots on vendor savings, overheads, organizational effectiveness lower growth environment, all that's true, but just want to make sure everybody understands that the key focus for us in terms of real permanent lasting and accelerating cost reduction is just to be a better service operator. So continue to invest in our frontline, have better tools, process and systems to make the investments that we've made in tenure. And we see that, and so we are having real results from some of the one time and permanent cost reductions, but we're also probably having bigger success on reducing the amount of service calls, reducing our truck roles, increasing the quality of the service that we provide, that's where the money's at. And then when you think about operating leverage, which is a term that you've used before the best way to have a better operating leverage is to have more customers and to have more products per household and have higher revenue. And that way you can, together, being a better service operator and having higher penetration of your products, you actually lower your cost to serve per customer, you lower your cost of capital per customer as well and you become a better cash flow operator. So all of those things still hold true. And it's why, when we talk about expense management, that we talk about really not doing anything that would impact sales or service, because that's the true efficiency opportunity and that's the opportunity to deliver long-term free cash flow and our views on that and our frontline hasn't changed at all.
Stefan Anninger : Thanks, Ben. Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America Securities.
Jessica Ehrlich: Question on video, I guess, can you talk about the take-up of direct-to-consumer in these hybrid linear offers? And you've mentioned a couple that are coming, Paramount Plus and Hulu, is there anything else on the horizon? And then secondly, you mentioned political advertising should pick up in the second half. Given the current political environment, can you give us some color and expectations and if that's increasing?
Chris Winfrey: Sure. On the first one, Jessica, the DTC take-up is going very well. The first one, I know a lot of people think about Disney deals in September, but we launched I think late in January on Disney Plus Basic and it's going well and it's growing every month. We're adding some additional features into it, which will be helpful to even further accelerate the monthly growth that we see. That includes, as I mentioned, in the prepared remarks, the addition of the Disney Plus Premium as an incremental add-on. That will be coming soon, as well as the Disney Duo Basic bundle of plus $2 for Hulu. So that allows you to have a comprehensive package the same way that exists inside of retail and that's helpful, it was always the design. But there's complexity in terms of implementing all of this, also because some of the authentication principles that vary between different operators in terms of credentials and TV everywhere and whatnot. But it's going well and accelerating, ESPN Plus, I didn't mention that on the call, it's also having very good take-up, it's high value into our RSN packages, it's a small portion of the base, but the penetration is going well. And Paramount Plus will launch soon and ViX we just launched and we've always had Max and so that has existed already within the TV everywhere authenticated universe and our expectation is over the next year or so that we'll have a fully baked set of products which really what we're working towards and the more scale we get there the more effective it's going to be. We're not sitting here saying that we're going to arrest completely the loss of video but I think what we are saying is to the extent we're going to put video on our broadband bill, it better have value and if it doesn't have value to the customer then we'd rather they just go take that through the direct-to-consumer applications and we need to be proud of what we're putting on the bill and that's not where the MVPD space has been in a long time as we see a path to being able to be proud of what we're putting on the broadband bill as a video product that it may be expensive but it has a significant amount of value and using that to drive the converge connectivity relationships. So while it may not be growing it's still really important and I think it can be very valuable to our converge connectivity relationships. In terms of what's up next, we're not going to go give a programming renewal schedule but we're optimistic that this has been adopted both from an understanding that the DTCs really do need to be included as part of the full video package. And that's actually better for programmers because of reduced churn and upsell opportunities into the ad-free versions of these products as well. And that look, at the end of the day, if a customer can go out and get the same product at a cheaper price in the marketplace, I think they should. I don't think we should ask them to pay more through us. And so those are some of the core principles that we've had. I'm not committing, but those are some of the bigger ones. And political advertising it's always, as you know, it's always a jump ball as to exactly where it's going to go. And it's evaluated on a state-by-state basis. And so you can't really say that it's an -- it's the same nationally everywhere. So it depends on some of the swing states. Admittedly the events of the past week have jumbled what you thought that might look like. And certainly when you take a look at fundraising and the volatility in what could be swing states, it looks like political advertising net-net nationally is going to be higher than what it probably would have been just a 10 days ago. But it doesn't mean it happens necessarily in the right states for us. And so we're keeping an eye on that. And it's nice when it happens, but it's one time in nature. And so that's why we always try to talk about our results with and without the impacts of political advertising. Because what is this year's windfall will be next year's headwind. And we want to make sure everybody's focused on the right thing, which is the underlying growth profile of the subscription business. Which includes the core advertising, which continues to do well with or without political advertising.
Stefan Anninger : Thanks, Jessica. Operator, we'll take our last question, please.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Peter Cipino with Wolfe Research.
Peter Cipino: Thanks and good morning. I have an ACP question that looks beyond the third quarter. Arguably, ACP has been history's greatest retention program for broadband operators and you took good advantage of it. Looking beyond the wave of involuntary disconnects in Q3 and not to say 2025, does that retention benefit go away? I mean, certainly it does. And then what needs to step up in its place or should we expect a slightly higher underlying churn rate attributable to those four or five million former ACP subs who go from having essentially no churn to maybe having a normal churn rate?
Chris Winfrey: Sure. Well, look, once upon a time there wasn't an ACP, but it's been a long time. When you think about, we had the, during the pandemic we had the, we were a big participant in the remote education offer, the Keep Americans Connected, the EBB, which evolved and became the Emergency Broadband Benefit, which evolved and became the ACP. And we've been a significant participant in all of those, as has the industry. I think we all have a lot to be proud of for stepping up and really driving those programs, but they didn't exist before. And broadband is a really important product. And from a charter perspective, we have ways to continue to address that marketplace. Before I go there, you asked about the market level activity. I do think that in an environment where ACP or an equivalent doesn't exist, that by definition you have more customers coming in and out of broadband based on affordability. That's rise up transaction volume, both from a non-pay disconnect, as well as from a gross ad sales perspective. When you have better products and better price, that can work towards your advantage. So it's not all bad from our perspective. And but we also have the ability to, at acquisition and for retention, offer unique products. Our Internet 100 is attractively priced. It's not for everybody, but it's affordable. We also, and you can pair that together with Spectrum One, so the ability to have a free mobile line for the first year, and then that line rolls to $30 after a year. If you think about a typical one-line environment or even in a typical two-line environment, the average cost of a line is over $60. And so even at retail rate of $30, we've built in a savings of $30 per month through taking mobile together with our attractively priced, high-powered broadband product. And that's as much, if not more, than the ACP benefit, which means that if you take our products, we can effectively -- we have the built -in ACP savings available to you when you really take full advantage of our product set. And so that is a product and a combination that didn't fully exist prior to all of these programs. And I think we can, by having a wider availability for low income population of these broadband offers, which we have together with our Spectrum 1 offer combined, I think we can save customers as much if not more than they were they're getting through ACP relative to the past. So I think we're in good position to be able to address the base. But the market activity, for sure, is going to be higher than what has been the past couple of years.
Stefan Anninger : Thanks, Peter. And that concludes our call. We'll see you next quarter.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks, everyone.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to Charter Communications First Quarter Investor Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, as a reminder, this conference is being recorded today. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. 
 I will now turn the call over to Stefan Anninger. 
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, operator, and welcome, everyone. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com.  
 I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings which we encourage you to read carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans and prospects, constitute forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect management's current view only, and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements.  
 On today's call, we have Chris Winfrey, our President and CEO; and Jessica Fischer, our CFO. With that, let's turn the call over to Chris. 
Christopher Winfrey: Thanks, Stefan. During the first quarter, we lost 72,000 Internet customers. Despite lower Internet sales, we added nearly 500,000 Spectrum Mobile lines and close to 2.3 million lines year-over-year. We now have more than 8.2 million total mobile lines. With still low mobile penetration of Internet customers and passings, we have a long runway for customer and financial growth with the nation's fastest mobile service at incredible value.  
 Revenue was relatively flat in the quarter while adjusted EBITDA grew by 2.8%. And during the first quarter, our Internet customer growth remained challenged by a low-move and generally low-activity environment coupled with continued elevated competition at least in the short term and a small impact from fewer low-income connects due to discontinued ACP availability. Churn remains at historically low levels. 
 Telephone Internet continues to compete for gross additions and has expanded its addressable market within our footprint. And we remain confident in our ability to return to healthy long-term growth. Our Internet product is faster and it's more reliable. Our pricing is lower when similarly bundled with mobile. And the cell phone companies will face capacity challenges as customer bandwidth grows.  
 In the first quarter, wireline overbuild activity continued at a similar pace. And given the value of our converged products, we resisted chasing some less rational promotional offers from overbuilders.  
 As we move forward with our key strategic initiatives, we believe that our differentiated converged connectivity products with superior speeds, that save customers money, and a video product with increasing value and utility to customers, provide us with significant competitive advantages and a platform to grow customers, penetration, EBITDA and free cash flow over time.  
 In Internet, data usage continues to grow and demand for faster speeds will grow with it. During the first quarter, Internet customers who do not buy traditional video from us use nearly 800 gigabytes per month. And we now offer 300-meg, 500-meg and 1-gig symmetrical speeds in our first high split market.  
 Later this year, we'll begin launching the next wave of markets with distributed access architecture technology. When completed, we'll be able -- we'll be capable of offering 5 by 1 gigabit per second speeds in these markets with even better network performance. The next phase of markets will be upgraded to 10 by 1 gigabit per second speed and the ability to offer fiber on demand. 
 And ultimately, we'll see lower contact rates and truck rolls across these upgraded markets, achieving both lower cost and a superior product.  We expect to complete our network evolution initiative in 2026, all at an incremental cost to just over -- or just $100 per passing, excluding the benefit of operating and capital savings that result from the project.  
 Our mobile offering also continues to evolve and improve. Earlier this month, we began offering Anytime Upgrade to customers within our Unlimited Plus offering. Anytime Upgrade allows new and existing Unlimited Plus customers to upgrade their phones whenever they want, eliminating traditional wait times, upgrade fees and condition requirements. We are the first mobile provider to include this level of freedom within a rate plan. And we also recently launched a new repair-and-replacement plan for just $5 per month. Anytime Upgrade, part of Unlimited Plus, and our repair-and-replacement plan, are each profitable.  
 Spectrum One continues to perform well beyond its first anniversary and offers the fastest connectivity with differentiated features like mobile speed boost and seamless connectivity to the Spectrum Mobile network across Android and iOS devices. 
 We still have a lot of room to grow our mobile business. Today, less than 8% of our total passings take our converged offering of Internet and mobile. We remain underpenetrated despite having a differentiated and superior offering with market-leading pricing at promotion and retail. And from a dollars perspective, we captured less than 30% share of residential mobile and Internet dollars spent in our footprint today. Mobile will be a meaningful driver of EBITDA and cash flow going forward with what is still an untapped ability to drive overall customer relationship growth.  
 Finally, turning to the evolution of our video product. We now offer a unique modern user experience with Xumo, which offers both linear and direct-to-consumer content on one device, combined with packaging and pricing options that offer choice, value and utility across FAST, SVOD, direct-to-consumer apps and linear video services.  
 In January, Disney+ became available to all Spectrum TV Select customers nationwide at no additional cost, with ESPN+ launched to Select Plus customers in March. ViX, a Spanish language DTC product, and regional sports DTC products, will also be available to customers at no extra cost within their respective packages.  
 We expect our hybrid DTC-linear model to be fully deployed next year. And we'll be able to deliver value for our customers and programming partners through fully bundled hybrid services, genre-based packages, selling DTC a la carte and potentially bundled DTC services to our broadband customers.  
 In late January, we launched our Spectrum TV Stream package, a 90-channel non-sports general entertainment package priced at $40 per month. TV Stream provides a compelling content offering at an attractive price from programmers like Paramount, Warner Bros. Discovery, Disney, Fox and A&E.  
 And so while the video business is clearly under pressure, we believe that flexible and attractively priced packaging options across all forms of video, channels really, integrated within a modern user interface in a more frictionless environment can recreate value in the ecosystem for our customers, programmers and distributors.  
 So when we step back, we clearly recognized some short-term market challenges, and we've embraced the opportunity to become an even better operator, leaving no stone unturned in our go-to-market and our efficiency initiatives. And in the meantime, we're growing a unique converged product at a rapid pace which can grow EBITDA through a competitive investment cycle. In long term, our network and customer demand products, pricing and packaging capabilities, our service infrastructure and the associated investments we're making today position Charter for sustainable growth and value creation.  
 And with that, I'll turn the call over to Jessica. 
Jessica Fischer: Thanks, Chris. Let's turn to customer results on Slide 5. Including residential and SMB, we lost 72,000 Internet customers in the first quarter, and video customers declined by 405,000. In mobile, we added 486,000 mobile lines. And wireline voice customers declined by 279,000. Our mobile product continued to perform well. And although we saw lower mobile gross adds year-over-year tied to lower gross Internet additions, we also saw lower overall mobile churn rate year-over-year and sequentially.  
 Customers who signed up for our Spectrum One product in the first quarter of 2023 reached their 12-month anniversary this past quarter. Similar to last quarter, those promotional roll-offs did not drive incremental Internet churn. In fact, our Internet churn rate also declined year-over-year. So as we always expected, Spectrum One lines are performing well, and our converged offering drives higher mobile sales and longer customer lifetimes.  
 Turning to rural. We ended the quarter with 493,000 subsidized rural passings. And we grew those passings by 324,000 over the last 12 months and 73,000 in the first quarter. It's a bit of a slowdown from Q4, as we noted it would be on our last call, given winter construction seasonality. Penetration growth continues to exceed our expectations, and customer growth in our subsidized rural footprint increased with 35,000 net customer additions in the quarter. We continue to expect to activate approximately 450,000 new subsidized rural passings in 2024, about 50% more than in 2023. 
 We also continue to expect our RDOF build to be completed by the end of 2026, 2 years ahead of schedule. The RDOF and ARPA program rules have been successful in driving large-scale private capital builds. With respect to BEAD, most of the state's rules are still working through the NTIA review process. We expect some states will have a regulatory environment conducive to private investment while others will not. And we'll be disciplined in our investment approach with the continued expectation that some opportunities with appropriate ROIs will be available.  
 Before turning to our financial results, I wanted to make a few comments regarding the Affordable Connectivity Program. An ACP renewal now appears unlikely for the program's 23 million recipients nationwide and for our 5.0 million Internet customers receiving a subsidy. We will do everything we can to preserve our relationship with the ACP subsidy recipients, and we expect to keep the vast majority of them as customers. We have a number of ways to assist those that may lose their ACP subsidy, including our Spectrum Internet Assist program and Internet 100 product. We're also offering all of our ACP customers a free mobile line for 1 year.  
 The success of our Spectrum One offering has shown that we can create long-term converged connectivity customers by saving consumers hundreds or even thousands of dollars on their mobile bill. And even after the initial promotional period ends, we will still be able to save these customers the equivalent or more than the $30 ACP subsidy benefit that they are currently receiving.  
 The majority of ACP recipients in our customer base were Internet customers before the start of the ACP program. And the vast majority of our ACP customers also pay something out of pocket for their Internet service. Ultimately, we will lose some customers, and our Internet ARPU and bad debt expense may have onetime pressure, but we expect the impact to Charter to be mostly limited to the second and third quarters of this year. And we will provide transparency for those impacts in our quarterly reporting.  
 Moving to the first quarter financial results, starting on Slide 6. Over the last year, residential customers declined by 0.7%, driven by video-only customer churn. Residential revenue per customer relationship declined 0.1% over-year, given a higher mix of non-video customers and growth of lower-priced video packages within our base, mostly offset by promotional rate step-ups, rate adjustments and the growth of Spectrum Mobile. As Slide 6 shows, in total, residential revenue declined by 0.4% year-over-year.  
 Turning to commercial. SMB revenue declined by 0.3% year-over-year, reflecting lower monthly SMB revenue per SMB customer primarily due to a higher mix of lower-priced video packages and a lower number of voice lines per SMB customer. These factors were slightly offset by SMB customer growth of 0.2% year-over-year.  
 Enterprise revenue grew 3.8% year-over-year driven by enterprise PSU growth of 6.9% year-over-year. Excluding all wholesale revenue, enterprise revenue grew by 5.5%.  
 First quarter advertising revenue grew by 10% year-over-year given political revenue growth. And core ad revenue was essentially flat year-over-year. 
 Other revenue grew by 2.4% year-over-year primarily driven by higher mobile device sales. And in total, consolidated first quarter revenue was up 0.2% year-over-year and down 0.1% year-over-year when excluding advertising. 
 Moving to operating expenses and adjusted EBITDA on Slide 7. In the first quarter, total operating expenses declined by 1.5% year-over-year. Programming costs declined by 8.2% year-over-year due to the decline in video customers of 8% year-over-year and a higher mix of lighter video packages. These factors were partly offset by higher programming rates. And first quarter 2024 programming costs include around $30 million of favorable adjustments versus $50 million of favorable adjustments in the prior year period. 
 Other cost of revenue increased by 9.8% primarily driven by mobile service direct costs and higher mobile device sales. Cost to serve customers were essentially flat year-over-year with additional activity to support the growth of Spectrum Mobile and higher bad debt expense, mostly offset by lower service transactions per customers, including productivity from 10-year investments. Sales and marketing costs declined by 2.7% primarily driven by lower labor costs, partly tied to lower connect volume. Finally, other expense grew by 0.5%. 
 Adjusted EBITDA grew by 2.8% year-over-year in the quarter. And when excluding advertising, EBITDA grew by 2.2% year-over-year. Looking ahead, our goal is to deliver solid EBITDA growth, and we believe we can do that even as we make significant investments in the business, face a challenging competitive environment and reach the likely end of the ACP program. 
 Our residential revenue will be supported by Internet ARPU growth and our growing mobile customer base. In addition, mobile's contribution to EBITDA continues to improve as the business scales. We've also lapped the significant investments that we made in our employee base, so the related EBITDA drag should be mostly behind us. 
 And finally, we continue to carefully manage our expenses across the business. And while we're not going to do anything that would impact our sales or service capabilities, this quarter's cost to service customers and sales and marketing expense results demonstrate our ability to drive efficiencies into the business. 
 In the second quarter, we will face some tough expense comparisons, particularly in other expense as well as ACP headwinds. So while our second quarter EBITDA growth will be muted, our expense management process is clearly working. And financial growth in the back half of the year should accelerate given our expense management initiatives, Spectrum One promotional roll-off and political advertising revenue. 
 Turning to net income on Slide 8. We generated $1.1 billion of net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the first quarter, up from $1 billion last year, driven by higher adjusted EBITDA and a gain on the sale of towers, partly offset by higher income tax and interest expenses. 
 Turning to Slide 9. Capital expenditures totaled $2.8 billion in the first quarter, about $325 million above last year's first quarter spend. Line extensions totaled $1 billion, $69 million higher than last year driven by our subsidized rural construction initiative and increased residential and commercial greenfield and market fill-in opportunities. 
 First quarter capital expenditures, excluding line extensions, totaled $1.8 billion compared to $1.6 billion in the first quarter of 2023 driven by higher spend on upgrade, rebuild, primarily network evolution, and higher CPE spend due to purchases of Xumo Stream boxes. For the full year 2024, we continue to expect capital expenditures to total between $12.2 billion and $12.4 billion, including line extension spend of approximately $4.5 billion and network evolution spend of approximately $1.6 billion. 
 Turning to free cash flow on Slide 10. The cash flow in the first quarter totaled $358 million, a decrease of approximately $300 million compared to last year. The decline was primarily driven by an increase in capital expenditures and a onetime settlement payment in the first quarter of 2024, partly offset by a less unfavorable change in working capital year-over-year and higher adjusted EBITDA. 
 We finished the quarter with $97.8 billion in debt principal. Our current run rate annualized cash interest is $5.2 billion. Given our long-dated and 85% fixed rate debt structure, our sensitivity to higher rates is relatively low. If we refinanced all of our debt due in 2025 and 2026 at current rates, the impact to our run rate interest expense would be less than $140 million. 
 As of the end of the first quarter, our ratio of net debt to last 12-month adjusted EBITDA was 4.41x, which is lower sequentially and year-over-year. We expect to continue that trend, moving closer to the middle of our 4 to 4.5x target leverage range through the end of this year. 
 We remain fully committed to maintaining our split-rated debt structure, including access to the investment-grade market given the significant benefits it offers to all of our providers of capital. And we continue to be confident in the long-term trajectory of the business. We believe that our levered equity strategy, including share buybacks, combined with the investments that we are making in the business, will drive value going forward. During the quarter, we repurchased 1.7 million Charter shares and Charter Holdings common units totaling $567 million at an average price of $339 per share. 
 With the continued temporary impact from cell phone Internet competition and the potential headwind from the end of ACP, we will continue to face short-term customer growth headwinds. Despite these short-term challenges, we are competing well. We have a very attractively structured balance sheet, and we're focused on driving healthy EBITDA growth in 2024 through a short-term competitive and investment cycle. So we're well positioned today and for continued future growth. 
 With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from John Hodulik from UBS. 
John Hodulik: If I could follow up on the ACP comments, first of all, just any additional color you guys can provide over the -- on the subscriber and ARPU impacts to that program winding down in the second and third quarter. And it sounds like given the cost-cutting opportunities and the commentary, you still believe you can grow EBITDA for the year. That's number one. 
 And then number two, I thought the commentary about the churn on the video side from the Disney renewal was interesting. Chris, is that a trend that you expect to continue, especially as you sort of roll over your existing or you go through more renewals and add more D2C services to your lineup? 
Christopher Winfrey: Sure. Let me try to tackle those, and Jessica may want to chime in here as well. The first one is on ACP and what we estimate. John, the non-renewal of ACP, there's 23 million customers have it today. It's unfortunate. But it's certainly going to have a negative Internet customer growth impact for everyone, including us. And that's going to happen in what's already a seasonal Q2 and probably the third quarter as we work through likely non-pay activity. And so really, as you think about the extent of those losses, it's going to depend on a few things. 
 One, first, being the stickiness of our retention offers. That includes us doing a free mobile line as well as for all ACP customers. That allows customers to save as much, if not more money on a monthly basis than the subsidy we already offered by ACP. In some cases, it can be much closer to EBB or maybe even more. 
 And we do have a Spectrum Internet Assist. We have Internet 100. So we have products that we can move people to as needed. And so the second thing I would say is it's going to depend on how well we really execute on those retention tactics that matters. And then thirdly, the way that we manage what's going to be likely an elevated non-pay environment and really managing that to the best of our ability for the benefit of customers. 
 In terms of specifics, this is an event that's unprecedented. In almost 30 years of cable, I haven't seen something like this before. So the short-term impact, it's difficult to predict. But in the end, I'm really confident we're going to manage through it successfully. It will be a onetime event, both on subscribers and maybe initial suppression of ARPU, but it's not going to impact our long-term growth potential. 
Jessica Fischer: Yes. As you think about EBITDA across the year, as we pointed out and I would just highlight it, there are some pressures on EBITDA in Q2 because of the comps to last year as well as likely, if there is non-pay impact, there could be some bad debt pressure inside of Q2 as well. So I would expect our EBITDA growth to be more pressured in Q2. 
 But we see the ability for it to accelerate across the rest of the year when you consider the roll-off of Spectrum Mobile, political advertising and our continued expense initiatives in the business as well. And so because of that, in all of the scenarios that we've looked at, we continue to expect EBITDA growth in the year. 
Christopher Winfrey: Yes. And so EBITDA, we're very confident on that. Giving a hard estimate on subscriber impact, for all the reasons I mentioned, is difficult. But we're going to outline that quarter by quarter. We'll have the ability to isolate. We'll provide that transparency for people along so they can see what's the underlying growth rate. 
 Your other question, John, I want to make sure I understand, was on video churn. We rolled out -- at the beginning of the quarter, we rolled out the Disney+ to all Spectrum Select customers and above and to Select Plus customers, which is our more sports-oriented package on top. We rolled out ESPN+ in March. Very early on, good take-up on that product along the way. But there was nothing that was a rotation of our subscriber base inside there. So there was not a negative contributing factor to adding those in. 
 I would highlight, in an environment where video these days really is coming in as an attach rate to Internet, we have lower Internet sales opportunities that has an impact on video. So the video churn rate stays relatively consistent. But the combination of having both lower selling opportunities for Internet and therefore lower attach rates for video, combined with the fact that we did do a programming cost increase pass-through inside of Q1 contributed to the video loss inside the quarter. 
 I do think that as we add more bundling of these DTCs in a hybrid linear model over time, I think we have the ability to stem a lot of the churn and actually add back to both the gross addition side coming from potentially new calls coming in, but also higher attach rate to Internet primarily as we provide more value into the package, which offsets the significant programming cost increases that we've been forced to pass through. Does that answer where you're trying to get to? 
John Hodulik: Yes, that's perfect. 
Operator: The next question comes from Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. 
Benjamin Swinburne: Just maybe unpacking the EBITDA outlook a little bit more. Jessica, last quarter, you gave us some helpful guidance on a few expense line items for the year. I think programming, cost to service and marketing come to mind. I don't know if you had any updates on any of those given some of the moving pieces. I just wanted to check on that. 
 And then secondly, for either of you or both of you, just on broadband competition. Could you spend a minute just talking about sort of how you see your product competing right now with fixed wireless, which is sort of everywhere or in a lot of markets, and then the wireline overbuild piece? Because fixed wireless net adds at the industry level this quarter, or cell phone Internet just to stay on brand here, were down year-on-year and a bit lighter than at least we were expecting. So it does seem like that product is starting to mature here. But you also called out wireline overbuild sort of pricing at a discount in the market as well. So I'd love to hear your updated thoughts on sort of the competitive framework you're thinking about this year. 
Jessica Fischer: So Ben, on the line item expense guidance that we gave earlier in the year, I don't have an update to any of those specific items. But what I would tell you is that, because of some of the work that we're doing around expenses across the business, I think it's possible that we come in lower than what we guided to, to begin with. I don't have a revision, but I think it's possible we come in on the low side. 
Benjamin Swinburne: Okay. Even with the bad debt comment you made earlier? 
Jessica Fischer: So that's a fair call out. The exact amount of the bad debt related to ACP is hard to predict because it's a matter of what the mix is between customers that go non-pay and customers that sort of contact you in some other way. So that's fair call out. 
 On items other than that, I think the possibility is that we do better. 
Christopher Winfrey: You've got a lower transaction environment, plus all the expense management activity that we're doing, and that will have significant impact to cost to serve as well as sales and marketing as well. 
 And the broadband competition, maybe just take a step back and talk a little bit more detail about the operating environment and competitive and the results in that context. 
 The first thing I think is important to just keep in mind is that our churn, it continues to be at or below historic lows, so very good. And bear with me, but we actually performed a little better in the first quarter in competitive switching versus last year. Which then somebody said, "Well, wait a second, how does that work?" 
 And the real issue has been selling opportunities for broadband were actually much lower in the marketplace year-over-year, and that's driven by continued lower year-over-year move and household formation rates. There is some reversion to pre-pandemic mobile-only levels the past 2 quarters. 
 And at the same time, as you mentioned, there's still some cell phone Internet expansion, and that's competing what is for a much lower opportunity set. So if you add to that, then just a bit of impact from the removal of ACP connects that started in early February, that's really what drove us to the loss of roughly 70,000 Internet. 
 Ben, as you know, in this environment, small shifts in gross adds in particular, or even churn, which hasn't been the case, it just really has an outsized impact on net adds. And so that's going to definitely, as I mentioned before, it's going to be the case in the seasonal Q2, also with the end of ACP, all of which is temporary in nature. 
 I think the bigger question is what are we doing? And as I mentioned, we still know, and I think everybody agrees, we have the best products. And we have it at the best all-in price, particularly when you're combining broadband and mobile, which is, in a lot of cases, what we're competing against. Our network evolution to symmetrical and multi-gig wireline and wireless capabilities, and we're doing that at a low cost of $100 per passing. And then as I mentioned, we have the expansion of that best-in-class network and converged products to homes with no broadband today. 
 So in essence, what we're doing is we're still very competitive saving customers lots of money with fastest products. And we do that with a 100% in-house onshore service structure. And when you put that together with what I mentioned in the prepared remarks is continued increasing customer demand for data, it means we're very well positioned to return to sustainable growth over time. 
 And the key for us really is, in the meantime, we're heads down on execution. It doesn't mean that we don't have short-term opportunities. We're leaving no stone unturned on go-to-market. We have great assets and ability to package and price in I think ways that are new and innovative. 
 And what we're trying to do in the meantime as well, you mentioned on wireline overbuild in particular, still be very disciplined around the pricing because we know the value of our products. And so we saw a few overbuilders go a little bit downstream during the quarter. And we've resisted the temptation to go there just because we know the value of our both wireline and wireless services and the value that we can bring to customers long term. 
Operator: The next question comes from Jonathan Chaplin at New Street. 
Jonathan Chaplin: I guess the first one for Jessica, just on the change in your leverage target navigating towards the midpoint of the range. Would love to just get some more context on the thinking behind that. You sort of mentioned earlier in the script that the risk of higher rates isn't a material concern. And so this navigating down in the leverage range just reflect lower confidence in the cash -- the sort of the cash generation in the business given the competitive environment? 
Jessica Fischer: Yes. So Jonathan, I would say our confidence in the business hasn't changed. We remain comfortable with our 4 to 4.5x range based on the outlook that we have. But I think being sort of at the height of the investment cycle, we thought that creating a little bit of headroom was appropriate. 
 We constantly reevaluate our position. We'll continue to do that. But we continue to believe in the long-term trajectory of the business. We think the investments that we're making will deliver strong returns. And we know that maintaining the levered equity strategy, including sort of buybacks and leverage levels overall, is important to continuing to drive value. 
Christopher Winfrey: I would just add on -- just to add, Jessica said it, 0 lack of confidence. We have good, strong free cash flow today, have even growing free cash flow, and much more so as we get through these onetime investments. It's really -- as Jessica has already said, it's about making sure that we ensure the investment-grade structure we have. And that's important to us, it's important to our debt holders, and it's important to our equity holders as well. 
Jonathan Chaplin: And Chris, just a follow-up on that. Were the rating agencies sort of asking you to bring leverage lower in the range? And are there things that you could look -- that we could look for in the business that would make you feel comfortable to go back to the high end of the range over the course of the next few quarters? 
Jessica Fischer: Jonathan, we're in regular contact with all 3 of the ratings agencies. Certainly, I think that there has been some additional conversation across debt holders and the rating agencies, given the higher CapEx that we have in the business and the sort of short-term pressure that, that puts on free cash flow. 
 And given sort of the tone of the broader market, you might have seen S&P issued a tearsheet at the end of last week that addressed ACP and the competitive environment. And I think their concerns are similar to those of equity holders, though they noted in there that they don't expect our ratings to change even though they might adjust their triggers somewhat. And even if our corporate family ratings were to change, they didn't expect any impact to the investment-grade rating. 
 So we constantly communicate with them. I think that given where we are, it made sense for us to create a little bit of headroom. As I said, we constantly reevaluate. It's certainly possible that we could move back up in the range at some point in time, particularly as you think about sort of free cash flow growth coming back as the investments winds down. 
Christopher Winfrey: And so I'd put that one to being responsive, and at the same time, given the current stock price, we want to do as much as we can within that responsiveness. 
Jessica Fischer: Yes. 
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Moffett at MoffettNathanson. 
Craig Moffett: Chris, I want to -- maybe 2 questions. One broader sort of more strategic question and then just one clarification from Jessica. On the first one, you said something to me a while back that I've been thinking about, about the way you think about convergence. And you characterized the Spectrum One offer not really as an offer but sort of as a new product category. 
 I wonder if you could just talk about that a little bit and particularly in the context of AT&T talking quite frequently about their converged offering in the portion of their footprint where they have it. T-Mobile now with their Lumos deal yesterday, obviously sort of searching around for a converged offering. How much of the market is actually going in that direction? 
 And then, Jessica, just one minor clarification. Could you just let us know how much is left of wholesale in the business services market? So that we can understand when we might start to see the overall growth rate start to look more like the non-wholesale part of your business? 
Christopher Winfrey: So Craig, I'll start on the first one on convergence. And I think the best way to do this is I spend a lot of time internally talking about it as well, is if I asked you 15 years ago, what's the speed of your Internet connection? You would have connected to the back of the computer in your kitchen, and that would have been it. And 10 years ago, it might have been, here it is on WiFi on my couch or out on the terrace. 
 And today, if you're pulling out of the driveway and driving out and I say, "Who's your Internet provider right now?" You'd say, "I don't know, I don't care. It just has to work and it has to be fast." And if that's people's definition increasingly of what's broadband connectivity, then we're the only provider in our footprint that can provide that uniform, ubiquitous broadband Internet in a seamless connectivity way. 
 And so we have the Internet. We have the WiFi. Our 5G cellular is a backup service when Internet and WiFi isn't available. And over -- last we reported, it was 87% of our traffic was going over our WiFi and increasingly with CBRS.
 So 5G, interestingly, it's the backup radio. It's the slowest portion of our network. And when you put that all together in a way that I think we're uniquely capable of doing, we have the ability to offer something in the marketplace. 
 Now the challenge is that's not the way that it's been sold. It's not the way that customers think about it explicitly today in terms of how they purchase service. So there's an education challenge that's there in the way that we package, price and market that along the way. We'll have a meaningful impact. 
 Another way of thinking about it is that mobile today, and in fact I would argue, always has been, is just an extension of an Internet connection. And is it really a product? Is mobile a product? Or is it just an extension? Because even in 15 years ago, it's really a wireline service going to a tower, and that was just extending the broadband connection. And today, we're doing that from WiFi inside the home, out on strand. And we have the ability to provide that service in a ubiquitous way that is competitive. 
 And so Spectrum One, the idea is how do you educate the market and try to get the purchase habits to change in a different way. And over time, is mobile really a product? And testing and pushing the limits in the market, I think we have something here that's a competitive advantage, and it just may take a little bit of time to fully flesh its way out. 
 But we are that service provider today, not only to ourselves, but we're actually providing that backhaul service to foreign cellular devices on our WiFi routers today. And we are the backhaul and the backbone of almost all cellular traffic. So it just puts a unique opportunity for us to capitalize on that in the future. 
Jessica Fischer: Craig, on the other side, wholesale is a little less than 20% of overall enterprise revenues. 
Christopher Winfrey: And the piece of that, the piece that's pulling that is really cell tower backhaul... 
Jessica Fischer: Yes, and that's really a little less than half of that piece. 
Christopher Winfrey: Right. So the traditional wholesale is relatively steady, and it's the cell tower backhaul that's in systemic decline, if you will. 
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank. 
Bryan Kraft: I had 2 if I could. First, Jessica, related to free cash flow. I was wondering if you could size for us the onetime payment in the first quarter that impacted free cash flow. And also if you could help us understand how you're thinking about working capital usage this year.
 And then, Chris, just on network neutrality. I was wondering if you could share your thoughts on the SEC's recent reinstituting of net neutrality rules. Any concerns with the rules? Do they impact the way you're running the business in any way, whether it's on the home broadband or on mobile side? 
Jessica Fischer: Yes. So Bryan, the onetime payment that impacted free cash flow on the order of $150 million to $180 million, in that range. And then from a working capital perspective, Q1 is always for us a negative working capital quarter. And I fully expect that we'll sort of make back to close to flat over the course of the year the negative working capital that we had. Excluding working capital, excluding the mobile device or the mobile side in the first quarter. Obviously, mobile continues to be a drag on working capital because of the device sales, and so you should expect that piece to continue. 
Christopher Winfrey: Bryan, on the net neutrality, I'd start from the get go. We don't -- the key concern isn't net neutrality. The concern is the Title II regime. We've -- we don't block. We don't do paid prioritization. We don't throttle, and we don't even have data caps. We believe that customers should have unlimited usage of the service that they're paying for. 
 The question has really been around Title II and what that brings, things around forbearance on rate regulation, the additional unintended consequences of where that can lead to on regulation for a product that, without regulation, is that type of regulation has been very successful to delivering tremendous value for consumers over a couple of decades now. 
 I would say that where we're at in the Title II debate with the FCC, there's 0 surprise. It's exactly where everybody thought we would be, and we're going to continue to go through that process. Unfortunately, it seems like over many years as this kind of works its way probably back to a court at this stage. And then hopefully, over time, we can get a standard set by Congress that puts this to bed once and for all. That's always been the hope. But I don't think Title II is the right way to regulate the things that we're already doing well. 
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Rollins at Citi. 
Michael Rollins: Two questions. First, with respect to the residential broadband ARPU performance, can you unpack the benefit in the quarter from the Spectrum One promotions rolling off? And how the potential benefit of this in terms of size can move through the year as more customers start getting back to maybe the normal course rate levels? 
 And then just secondly, in the press release for quite some time now, you noted customers, and I hope I'm framing this right, that are broadband subscribers where there may have been some suspension of collections for other Charter services. And I'm curious what happens to those customers if ACP is discontinued? And do those disclosures provide any insight on how to quantify potential customer risk or churn risk if this program is discontinued? 
Jessica Fischer: Yes. So starting on the first one on the Internet ARPU. The Spectrum One allocation was 70 basis points of drag year-over-year on our net ARPU growth in the quarter. So the GAAP Internet ARPU increased by 1.7%. It would have been 2.4% excluding the mobile allocation for free lines. Generally, I would expect that the gap in those 2 growth rates should narrow over the course of the year because the base of free lines becomes more stable given promotional roll-off. 
 However, I talked about that we are offering all of our ACP customers a free mobile line for a year. And depending on the level of success of that program, if we did see a reacceleration in the number of free lines, the gap between those 2 things could widen again. 
 Talking about what you see inside of the footnote and the aging. So we have had a process over time where we save customers into ACP. So if there was a customer who took multiple lines of business, say they were an Internet and video customer, and they were paying us. And then went into a non-pay status but they were eligible for ACP. 
Christopher Winfrey: Or in it, in most cases. 
Jessica Fischer: Or already in ACP. What we would do would be to downgrade the customer to an Internet-only product that was fully covered by the ACP subsidy, which enabled them to continue their Internet service. But then they would no longer have whatever the additional services were that were on their accounts. We have held those balances, though they're fully reserved. So they're sitting in receivables, but they're also sort of fully written off already in the bad debt reserve process. 
 But you're correct that numerically inside of the footnote, then you can see the base of customers who at some point in the past went into a non-pay process but have had their bill fully subsidized by ACP for some period of time. 
Christopher Winfrey: And if you think about it just from a customer perspective and how we were trying to be responsive to the government request, we wanted to make sure that these customers entering into collection cycle on video or phone didn't somehow suppress their ability to continue to receive the ACP benefit and continue to receive connectivity. And it's -- that's a classic example of the base of customers that we're going to work through, as I talked about from a collection cycle. And do the right thing for those customers to do everything we can to make sure that they stay connected to Internet over time. But there's challenges there. 
Michael Rollins: And are you choosing to implement the ACP wind-down at the end of April? Or are you planning to go through mid-May with your customers? 
Christopher Winfrey: We'll go through the month of May with a partial ACP in accordance with what the government outlined. It's going to be a partial credit of $14, and we've agreed to make it $15 just to round it and make it clear to -- and fair to customers. So that's what we'll do inside of May. 
Operator: The next question comes from Vijay Jayant with Evercore. 
Vijay Jayant: Chris, given your focus on improving the video consumer proposition, I think you have a pretty substantial programming contract coming up very shortly. And what [ you sort of saw ] with the Disney agreement. Can you just talk about, is there a big [ opportunity ] there to sort of resize your programming costs associated with that sort of portfolio of channels? 
 And second, I saw that your buyback authorization is somewhere around the $260 million. Is that something that's going to be re-upped? 
Christopher Winfrey: So on the first question, the connection was a little off, and so we're going to sell you a Spectrum Mobile after this call here. 
 But the -- so I'm going to want to take the liberty of answering the question I think you asked. Look, we don't get into detail on individual programming renewals, and we've been generally very successful at getting renewals throughout the years. That's always our goal. 
 Our goal, though, is to really make sure that, first and foremost, that we really change the model so that we, once again, create value for customers. That starts with not asking them to pay twice for the same product, which is the debate that we've had historically and where we set a new model. 
 But it also means approaching the marketplace in all of our deal renewals and saying, "Look, we've got to fight for the customer." And if they have a path to get a product that's equivalent or in some cases, even better for a lower price, we should just be selling that product, and that's the way that we should go to market. 
 And we can have that ability to do traditional linear hybrid. We can sell DTCs. We can sell them in a bundle. We have 25,000 in-house sales representatives in sales and retention. And so we have a workforce that's very capable of being a distribution engine for linear hybrid, DTC. And we have a large base of broadband customers, none surpassing us, that we can use that's unique. And we want to do that in a way that creates value for consumers. 
 I think as we've approached the marketplace in what is a different way, it creates consternation because it's something very different. But our goal here is really to create a video ecosystem that works for customers and providing utility and value. Again, utility through Xumo and value through our ability to package in different ways that meets the customers' needs at a fair price. And ultimately, while it may be painful along the way, actually creates value again for programmers and distributors and recreates a video ecosystem that works for everybody. 
 And so we're not approaching this from a way of just trying to save money. We're just trying to actually create value for customers by either adding more product so that the price they pay is worth it or saving them money because they wanted to package anyway. And we can do that in a way in a lower churn environment for the benefit of programmers, and that just takes a little bit to get through. 
 But our goals here are really to recreate a video ecosystem that works for everybody. Today, it doesn't. It's been broken, and it's been broken for a while. And I think that we had the first time in maybe 2 decades where we can do something where we have a product that we're proud to put on our Internet bill at some point soon. 
 And that really is, when we talked about it last year, is the balance of, on one hand, our bundled customers churn less. And so a high-quality video product has always been an asset. But when the rate continues to go up and the value goes down and it's being sold around customers and ask them to pay twice, then it becomes a liability on the Internet broadband bill. And then I think we need to rethink the way that what we're selling for video and how it actually creates value for customers or not. 
 So that's where we've been. And I'm confident we're going to continue to make progress in this space. 
Jessica Fischer: On the buyback authorization side. I'm going to make sure we answer that question. The authorization as of the end of the quarter, as you pointed out, is a little bit lower than what you would typically see. There are multiple mechanisms by which that gets renewed, and we have increased the buyback authorization since that point in time. And just because of the readthrough to that, I want to be really clear that we expect to be able to maintain our buybacks over the course of the year even as we delever. So you should not read that through as any sort of sign about the direction of the program. 
Stefan Anninger: Operator, we'll take our last question, please. 
Operator: The last question will come from Steven Cahall with Wells Fargo. 
Steven Cahall: So Chris, earlier, you said you're confident in returning to long-term growth, and you spoke a lot about the overbuilding activity that you're seeing. I think the challenge many of us have is when we pencil that out and kind of think about penetration of fiber and then we look at your passings growth and think about penetration as well, it's just tough to see when things return to growth on the subscriber side, maybe ex rural. So I was wondering if you could just give us any thinking as to your color and timing when we might start to see subscriber growth reaccelerate to a positive level. 
 And then Jessica, just picking up on Bryan's question. You talked about maybe mobile being a bit of drag in working capital this year. So as you start to do the ACP lines for mobile, could that accelerate the drag for mobile working capital on handsets? Or do you not expect the customers to necessarily be acquiring new handsets? 
Christopher Winfrey: So I'm not going to provide a detailed timeline for the timing to reaccelerate, just because I want to be conservative and recognize that it's a very fluid space. I mean, clearly, we have ACP going on right now, which is going to be a onetime hit. You have cell phone Internet where they will reach capacity, and the timing of that isn't entirely clear. And then there's fiber upgrades, which have been announced and are pretty far along from what was actually announced. 
 So I think if you put that all together, though, and flip it and say, well, get past ACP, and the pace of fiber upgrades is relatively stable, and I think over time should actually start to decline. Cell phone Internet will run out of capacity, and you're already starting to see some signs of some of that paring back, all of which bodes well. 
 And then you combine that with the fact that when you look at our -- the quality of our Internet product, in 100% of the market, particularly and even more so in those that don't have a gig overlap, which is about half. And then you combine that with the unique ability to provide a very attractively priced mobile product that's actually the fastest mobile product in the business simply because it largely rides on our gigabit wireless infrastructure, we have a structural advantage for now and many years to come, not only just on quality, but the ability to save customers hundreds and even thousands of dollars. 
 And so I sit back and look at that and say, it isn't a question of if. It's just a question of when. And as some of these short-term pressures pare back, that's when you'll start to see it turn. 
 Honestly, we haven't been the best at predicting the exact timing of that. And so I said last quarter, we owned that. And so I want to be careful that I'm not overextending ourselves here either. But I think it's more important just to take a step back and look at what is the product we have, what's the network capabilities we have. It's only getting better. 
 If you then tack on to that the rural passings, that you mentioned ex rural, so I did that ex rural. But if you add on to that the subsidized rural passings where it's just math in terms of the penetration, the net additions that we're going to get on the back of that investment, I still think the future's very, very bright for Charter. 
Jessica Fischer: On the mobile working capital side, so you point out, without a doubt, the drag on working capital is driven by the number of phones or other mobile devices that you sell subject to EIP notes. And so if we were to end up with additional devices because of having additional mobile customers as a result of our work on ACP or if we end up with some additional devices because of the Anytime Upgrade program, which is also possible, there could be some acceleration in that drag. 
 What I would tell you on the other side of that is, as we've been building our mobile business, we haven't taken advantage of some of the financing options that are available for us related to having those EIP notes as part of our overall asset stack. And it hasn't yet made sense for a wide variety of reasons, including just sort of building the scale for a program like that to make sense. 
 So I think it's also possible that we could offset some of that drag in working capital by working through some of those financing mechanisms. And certainly, as we've been building, I think we're reaching a size at which that becomes a more viable option. 
Christopher Winfrey: Good. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining the call. And look forward to talking to you again on the next one. 
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, operator.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Charter Communications Q4 Conference Call. We ask that you please hold all questions until the completion of the formal remarks, at which time you will be given instructions for the question-and-answer session. Also, as a reminder, this conference is being recorded today. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Stefan Anninger.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, operator, and welcome everyone. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website ir.charter.com. I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, which we encourage you to read carefully. Various remarks that we make on today's call concerning expectations, predictions, plans and prospects, constitute forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect management's current view only and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements. On today's call, we have Chris Winfrey, our President and CEO; and Jessica Fischer, our CFO. With that, let's turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks, Stefan. In 2023, we added 155,000 Internet customers, and we added nearly 2.5 million Spectrum Mobile lines for growth of nearly 50%. At the end of 2023, we had more than 7.7 million total mobile lines. Only 13% of our Internet customers now have mobile service. And we expect mobile penetration to meaningfully grow over the next several years, as the quality and value of our converged connectivity services gains wider recognition. Revenue was up by 1% in 2023, while EBITDA grew by 1.3% and 2.5% when excluding advertising. While we are executing well on our long-term strategic initiatives and Spectrum One is working to drive mobile growth, Internet growth in our existing footprint has been challenging, driven by admittedly more persistent competition from fixed wireless and similar levels of wireline overbuild activity. Small changes in gross additions and churn in a low transaction environment have driven outsized impacts to net gains, which was clearly the case as we moved through the last quarter. I own that. So, let me start with what we believe on the competitive environment and then what we're doing to drive long-term growth by delivering high-quality products and service at a great price. Fixed wireless access: While an inferior product with limited capacity and geographic coverage which is fluid, is often marketed by the phone companies at a perceived lower-priced to their existing customers. We continue to believe the impact from fixed wireless is temporary. Our Internet product is faster and more reliable. Our pricing is lower when similarly bundled with mobile. Customer bandwidth needs continue to increase. And MNOs will face capacity challenges and will be required to allocate their Spectrum and capital to maintain profitable mobile services. While we can't promise when that happens, I believe bandwidth needs to increase and quality and value win. On the wireline overbuild front, we continue to compete well. Overbuild impact tends to be limited to a few percentage points of Internet penetration during the first year of a new overbuild vintage coming online. It's painful, but it's tied to the pace of overbuild. We don't see overbuilders reaching their penetration and ROI goals now -- within our footprint now or in the future. They don't have the same ubiquitous convergence capabilities as we do, their lower-cost passings have likely been built, some of the planned overbuild was duplicative between operators, meaning less opportunity, and incremental financing cost have increased, putting even more pressure on overbuilder returns. We also expect BEAD passings will provide better capital allocation and ROI for many of these operators. Our assumption is that our competitors are rational economic players with shareholders and balance sheets, which require adequate return on investment. That isn't within our control. So, we are focused on the key strategic initiatives that enhance our long-term competitiveness and growth capabilities, and we expect to return to a more normalized Internet growth over time. Just over a year from when we detailed those initiatives, I wanted to remind everyone of the rationale and update you on their status, as laid out in Slide 4. Our footprint expansion is beating our pacing, penetration, ARPU and ROI targets. New construction will help drive Internet customer growth despite the temporary challenges I mentioned within our existing footprint. 2023 subsidized rural customer growth was already over 100,000. Our penetration also continues to grow at a better-than-expected pace and we'll cover more -- we'll activate more subsidized rural passings this year, both of which Jessica will cover. BEAD will provide additional opportunities, although the potential is uncertain given our concerns regarding how states will apply NTIA guidelines. We'll focus BEAD investments in states where the rules are conducive to private investment. Outside of rural, we also have accelerated greenfield, market fill-in and serviceability builds, expanding our existing footprint in both residential and commercial passings. Penetration curves and returns here are similarly strong and predictable with a lower build cost. We also remain committed to prioritizing the customer experience via our execution initiative, which is intended to enhance frontline employees' tenure while simultaneously investing in digitization, all to drive better sales yields, higher-quality transactions, lower overall service transactions and higher levels of customer satisfaction. Our targeted investments in employees over the last two years resulted in a significant reduction in employee attrition in 2023. Our investments in the digitization of service is also driving efficiencies. In 2024, we have a number of new automated platforms that are launching to facilitate better service for customers and better digital and AI tools for agents to enhance service quality and the quality of their day-to-day jobs. And finally, our evolution initiative, which includes our network evolution project, our convergence efforts, and video product development all remain on course. We fully launched symmetrical speed tiers in two markets and currently launching in six more, completing our step one markets. We'll also begin to work in our step two markets with DAA later this year. Excluding the benefit of any savings that result from the project, we continue to expect our network evolution to cost a very low $100 per passing. And we expect to complete the project in 2026, so fast, ubiquitous, low-cost upgrade of our capabilities, which our competitors can't replicate. Our converged product offering also continues to evolve and grow. Spectrum One is performing well and offers the fastest connectivity with differentiated features like mobile speed boost and the Spectrum Mobile network. Spectrum One also offers significant savings for customers with market-leading pricing at both promotion and at retail. And Spectrum One customers reaching their first anniversary are performing ahead of our expectations. We'll continue to evolve our converged offering in 2024 with additional features and capabilities. Finally, turning to the evolution of our video product, in October, we launched the Xumo platform across our entire footprint. This industry-leading video platform allows our customers to access their linear and direct-to-consumer video content with unified search and discovery within one easy-to-use interface. Combined with our Spectrum TV app, the most viewed linear MVPD streaming service in the U.S., Xumo is our go-to-market platform for new video sales. We're approaching 1 million deployed Xumo boxes since launch and we've been getting great customer feedback, and we can keep improving our attach rates. In early January, Disney+ became available to all Spectrum TV Select customers nationwide at no additional cost. And in the next several months, ESPN+ and ViX, a Spanish language DTC product, will both become available to certain TV Select customers at no extra cost. This new hybrid distribution model is good for consumers and we plan to modernize all of our distribution agreements upon renewal. That means packaging flexibility, value and not asking customers or Charter to pay twice for similar DTC and linear programming. Our new hybrid distribution model, combined with Xumo's content-forward interface, provides a clear path to solve key customer issues of choice, value and utility with seamless linear, DTC and SVOD integration and advanced search and discovery functionality. When we reflect on our key initiatives and what we believe are the short-term market challenges, we're acting as long-term Charter shareholders to maximize value. So, we have a posture of expectancy and excitement for the opportunity to execute on initiatives that enhance our long-term growth rate and value for Charter shareholders. In the short term, we are leaving no stone unturned as it relates to our go-to-market approach. Ultimately, the speed at which we can return to a more normalized broadband growth rate hinges on the assumption that our competitors' capital is not limitless for poor ROI projects and, frankly, our execution on our strategic initiatives. So, we're keeping our heads down and executing on a clear strategy to ensure we can offer customers the best products and services across our entire footprint, all while saving customers money, not only now, but in the future. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Jessica.
Jessica Fischer: Thanks, Chris. Let's turn to our customer results on Slide 6. Including residential and SMB, we lost 61,000 Internet customers in the fourth quarter, while video customers declined by 257,000. In mobile, we added 546,000 mobile lines, and wireline voice customers declined by 251,000. Our Spectrum One product continued to perform well. Customers that signed up for our Spectrum One product in the fourth quarter of 2022 reached their 12-month anniversary this past quarter. Those promotional roll-offs didn't drive incremental Internet churn. In the quarter, we had slightly lower mobile line gross adds year-over-year tied to Internet gross additions with a lower churn rate year-over-year and flat sequentially. We continue to see healthy data usage at our Spectrum One promotional lines and remain confident that these lines will perform well as long-term customers. Turning to rural. We ended the year with 420,000 subsidized rural passings and grew those passings by 295,000 in 2023, in-line with our target, and by 105,000 in the fourth quarter alone, an acceleration from this 78,000 we activated during the third quarter. Customer growth in our subsidized rural footprint also accelerated, with 34,000 net customer additions in the quarter. As Slide 13 shows, we're generating customer penetrations of close to 50% in cohorts that have reached or passed the 12-month mark. In 2024, we expect to activate approximately 450,000 new subsidized rural passings, about 50% more than in 2023, with seasonality in the first quarter tied to the winter weather. Slide 12 shows that so far, with additional state bids that we expect, we will have committed to build approximately 1.75 million subsidized rural passings. We also expect our RDOF build to be completed by end of 2026, two years ahead of schedule. Moving to financial results, starting on Slide 7. Over the last year, residential customers declined by 0.3%, with video-only customer churn, partly offset by new customer growth driven by Internet. Residential revenue per customer relationship was up 0.1% year-over-year, given promotional rate step-ups, rate adjustments and the growth of Spectrum Mobile, mostly offset by a higher mix of non-video customers and growth of lower-priced video packages within our base. As Slide 7 shows, in total, residential revenue was flat year-over-year. Residential Internet ARPU grew by 2.2% year-over-year, but by 3.4% when excluding the impact of Spectrum One GAAP revenue allocation out of Internet into mobile. Turning to commercial, SMB revenue declined by 0.9% year-over-year, reflecting lower monthly SMB revenue per SMB customer, primarily due to a higher mix of lower-priced video packages and a lower number of voice lines per SMB customer. These factors were partly offset by SMB customer growth of 0.7% year-over-year. Enterprise revenue grew 3.8% year-over-year, driven by enterprise PSU growth of 6.5% year-over-year. Excluding all wholesale revenue, enterprise revenue grew by 6.1%. Fourth quarter advertising revenue declined by 23.4% or $130 million year-over-year due to less political revenue. Core ad revenue was down 0.7% year-over-year due to a more challenged advertising market, partly offset by our growing advanced advertising capabilities. Other revenue grew by 24.4% year-over-year, driven by higher mobile device sales. And in total, consolidated fourth quarter revenue was up 0.3% year-over-year and up 1.3% year-over-year when excluding advertising. Moving to operating expenses and adjusted EBITDA on Slide 8. In the fourth quarter, total operating expenses declined by 0.7% year-over-year. Programming costs declined by 10.6% year-over-year due to a decline in video customers of 6.8% year-over-year and a higher mix of lighter video packages. These factors were partly offset by higher programming rates. For the full year 2024, we expect programming cost per video customer to grow in the 1% to 2% range year-over-year with our video package mix being the largest variable. Other cost of revenue increased by 15%, primarily driven by higher mobile device sales and other mobile direct costs, partly offset by lower ad sales costs. Cost to service customers increased by 2.1% year-over-year, driven by additional activity to support the growth of Spectrum Mobile, partly offset by productivity improvements, including from 10-year investments, and lower service transactions per customer. Looking forward, I would note that our previous investments related to job structure, pay and benefits to build a more skilled and longer-tenured workforce are now largely complete and service transaction trends are back on trajectory after the programming dispute in September. Sales and marketing costs declined by 1.6%, primarily driven by lower labor costs. Finally, other expenses grew by 1.5%, driven by labor costs. Adjusted EBITDA grew by 1.6% year-over-year in the quarter and by 3.6% when excluding advertising. Turning to net income on Slide 9, we generated $1.1 billion of net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the fourth quarter, down from $1.2 billion last year, driven by a pension remeasurement loss and higher interest expense, partly offset by a gain on the sale of towers and higher adjusted EBITDA. Turning to Slide 10, capital expenditures totaled $2.9 billion in the fourth quarter, just below last year's fourth quarter spend. Line extension spend totaled $978 million, $50 million higher than last year, driven by our subsidized rural construction initiative and increased residential and commercial greenfields and market sell-in opportunities. Fourth quarter capital expenditures, excluding line extensions, totaled $1.9 billion compared to $2 billion in the fourth quarter of 2022, driven by lower spend on scalable infrastructure and lower spend on CPE due to purchase timing, partly offset by higher spend on upgrade/rebuild, primarily network evolution. For the full year 2023, we spent $11.1 billion. Looking ahead at full year 2024, we expect capital expenditures to total between $12.2 billion and $12.4 billion, including line extensions of approximately $4.5 billion and network evolution spend of approximately $1.6 billion. On Slide 11, we've provided our current expectations for capital spending through the year 2027, excluding any possible line extension spend associated with the BEAD program. The slide divides our spending into three categories: line extensions, network evolution and core CapEx spend. As the slide shows, we expect CapEx spend of just over $12 billion in 2024 to fall to approximately $8 billion by 2027. Our line extension CapEx includes spending for greenfield, market sell-in and serviceability builds from our legacy footprint, driving continued expansion of residential and commercial passings. In turn, our non-rural passings growth should continue to be robust and similar to 2023 growth, subject to the pace of overall housing growth. These passings are natural extensions or pocket fill-ins to our network and have a long track record of low cost per passing and reliable penetration trends to contribute to growth at attractive ROI. We've not included the potential impact of BEAD in the passing figures on Slide 12 or in our CapEx outlook on Slide 11, given the regulatory and bidding uncertainty associated with the program. We don't expect any potential BEAD build subject to acceptable guidelines, as Chris mentioned, to begin until 2025. And similar to our peers and competitors, our success in BEAD will be an overlay to our capital expenditure outlook. Turning to network evolution, where our long-term capital expenditures outlook remains essentially unchanged, we continue to expect to spend approximately $100 per passing to evolve our network to offer multi-gigabit speeds. Finally, core capital expenditures, which excludes line extensions and network evolution, has remained consistent as a percentage of revenue since 2021. And following the completion of our network evolution initiative, capital expenditures, excluding line extensions as a percentage of revenue, should decline below 2022 level, which has important long-term cash flow implications. Turning to free cash flow on Slide 14. Free cash flow in the fourth quarter totaled $1.1 billion, a decrease of $75 million compared to last year. The decline was primarily driven by less favorable change in accrued expenses related to capital expenditures, partly offset by an increase in net cash flows from operating activities and a decrease in capital expenditures. Just a brief comment on cash taxes for 2024 before turning to the balance sheet. We currently expect our calendar year 2024 cash tax payments under current legislation to land between $1.5 billion and $1.9 billion, depending on a number of factors. We finished the quarter with $97.6 billion in debt principle. In the first weeks of 2024, we redeemed all of our outstanding 2024 senior secured floating rate notes and paid in full all of our outstanding 2024 senior secured notes. So, we no longer have any significant debt maturities due in 2024. Our current run rate annualized cash interest is $5.2 billion. Given our long-dated and 86% fixed rate debt structure, our sensitivity to higher rates is relatively low. If we refinanced all of our debt in the next three years at current rates, the impact to our run rate interest expense would be less than $90 million or 2% of that run rate interest expense. As of the end of the fourth quarter, our ratio of net debt to last 12-month adjusted EBITDA was 4.42 times, and we intend to stay at or just below the high end of our 4 times to 4.5 times target leverage range. During the quarter, we repurchased 3.2 million Charter shares and Charter Holdings common units totaling $1.3 billion at an average price of $419 per share. Before turning the call over to Q&A, I want to make a few comments regarding the Affordable Connectivity Program for Internet and mobile customers. While we still hope the ACP program will be allocated additional funding, we're well aware that the program could end this spring, and we're designing programs to assist those that are on the ACP program. There is no doubt that the end of the program would be disruptive for many. Nonetheless, we will have the full benefit of our high-quality sales and retention force as well as our mobile product, which saves customers hundreds of dollars to preserve connections. With the continued temporary impact from fixed wireless and the potential end of ACP, we may continue to face short-term customer growth headwinds as we enter 2024. Despite those short-term challenges, we are competing well and are focused on driving healthy EBITDA growth in 2024. A component of that has been to reflect inflation in our pricing while preserving value to our customers. We're also actively managing expenses, and we believe we can do so without impacting our sales, service and broader growth initiatives. But most importantly, we remain focused on long term and a return to more normalized Internet growth. We have what we believe are the best products at the best prices in our industry and we remain underpenetrated relative to our long-term potential. Taking advantage of that opportunity is what will ultimately create the most shareholder value. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Jonathan Chaplin with New Street Research. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thanks, guys. One for Chris and one for Jessica. For Chris, I'm wondering if you can give us some context on whether there was a change in competitive dynamics in the fourth quarter. As we look out across the fixed wireless guys and the fiber guys, it seemed pretty steady over the course of the last few quarters, sort of competitive pressures that seem to stabilize. And I'm wondering if there was just a bigger focus on -- from fixed wireless or potentially fiber in newer markets specifically? And then, for Jessica, the cash tax guidance is great. If bonus depreciation is expanded -- extended this year, how much of that cash tax go down by? Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: Good. So, in terms of the competitive environment in the fourth quarter, as you mentioned, we saw some continued expansion of fixed wireless footprint within the quarter. We also saw heavier competitive marketing and some aggressive promotions from both fixed wireless and from the overbuilders. And as you know, Jonathan, slight impacts to gross adds and churn, in this case, it was particularly on the gross adds front, can drive what appear to be outsized changes to net adds, especially when net adds are slightly positive or slightly negative, really has an outsized impact. As you know, we're, of course, focused very much on the long term, but that doesn't mean that we're not focused on the short term either, particularly what was going on inside of the fourth quarter. And so, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we're really leaving no stone unturned on potential ways to improve go-to-market in the short term, particularly addressing gross adds in the existing footprint. We're doing all that though, looking at all aspects, but trying to make sure that we do that in a controlled fashion and don't overreact either given that it is small changes that are driving an outsized impact here.
Jessica Fischer: Yeah. And I'd add on, the environment wasn't consistent through the quarter. Early on, we had some carryover from the Disney dispute in the August rate event that we talked about in last quarter's call. We had expected November and December to recover to the levels that we had seen going into that event, and they didn't. But as we exited the quarter, we saw December slightly negative, and January net adds are consistent with what we saw in December. So that environment does continue. On the cash tax side, Jonathan, it's not just bonus, it's also R&D and interest expense deductions that will impact us. But I would say the reforms that are being considered support the economics of our investments in connecting rural America and upgrading the network. And so, we are fully in support of them. I think it's a little premature to adjust our guidance. But given the investments that we're making, we do expect there to be a material benefit to cash taxes if the legislation were to go through.
Jonathan Chaplin: Great. Thanks, guys.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Jonathan. Luke, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Your line is now open.
Craig Moffett: Hi, thank you. A couple of questions. Jessica, thank you for the comments you made about ACP. I'm wondering if you can just try to quantify a little bit more for us the number of ACP subscribers that you have, and if you have insight into how many of those are new subscribers versus previously were paying subscribers. And then, I wonder if you could also just comment about T-Mobile indicated that they expect 100,000 to 150,000 fewer net adds per quarter in fixed wireless. How do you think about that flowing into your footprint? And does that inform the way you think about the broadband growth rate going forward?
Chris Winfrey: So maybe I'll start off with ACP and just take a step back, and then Jessica can answer what you were requesting. ACP program, I think as everybody knows, it really has brought Internet connectivity to customers who would not have been able to have access to broadband otherwise. But more importantly, it's allowed customers who would have been coming in and out of the broadband marketplace given affordability issues to remain connected consistently. So, we really think, as you know, it's been an effective program. We're proud to be the largest ACP provider in the country. We still -- we're hopeful that the ACP can be refunded in order to keep households that are in the program today connected to the Internet. But if it's not refunded, Craig, we're going to work very hard to keep customers connected. And we've been working on this possibility for some time. We have significant tools to save customers hundreds or even thousands of dollars, as Jessica mentioned. And I'd highlight that, keep in mind, most of our ACP customers were Internet customers before the ACP program began. And in the meantime, having said all that, it's actually pretty challenging for us to predict the impact that a potential end of the program is going to have to our customer disconnects, but we're going to report that consistently over time.
Jessica Fischer: Yeah. So, on the numbers side, Craig, we have a little over 5 million households that received the ACP benefit, all for wireline Internet. Very few of those customers used ACP to upgrade to higher speeds or take more PSUs when they began receiving the benefit. But many do have our flagship speed or higher or do take other services from us. And I guess, the funding will continue through April. We'll try to keep people informed as we move through the process. But from our perspective, there's not a lot of visibility at this point as to anything that might happen when the program ends.
Chris Winfrey: In the end, we're still focused on trying to make sure that ACP is refunded, and I still think there's a strong possibility that could be the case.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. Do you want to talk to the fixed wireless lower net add guidance?
Chris Winfrey: Sure. So, we noted the same thing that you saw, Craig. I think the bigger point there is that there is a rational approach to the marketplace and the utilization of Spectrum. And I believe a recognition that there's a limited amount of capacity, the bandwidth needs are increasing. I think that was the bigger takeaway from us. It's very difficult for us to sit back and take a look at the geographic footprint of fixed wireless access because it almost changes by the day in terms of sector availability on radius in terms of capacity and where they're actively marketing and where they're not. And then, you have the additional rural footprint versus urban and suburban, and what would be off-footprint for us versus on-footprint and the split between residential and commercial, which makes it pretty difficult to mathematically cascade that into an impact for us. But I thought it was rational what we said, and I thought it made a lot of sense, and I think it's consistent with what we've always thought. Frankly, the piece that's been more difficult is just the timing in terms of where that capacity is reached, and it's been a little bit harder to predict than we would like. But I took that as the same way that you did that it should have some positive impact on our existing footprint.
Craig Moffett: Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Craig. Luke, we'll take our next question, pleas.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Benjamin Swinburne: Good morning. Chris, question for you on CapEx, and then I want to ask Jessica about sort of EBITDA growth. Chris, you've been around the cable industry for a long time. So, I know you are aware that kind of investment priorities can change over time. And I'm just curious why you felt it made sense to sort of guide out to 2027, just because you're in a competitive dynamic industry and want to evolve your strategy over time. And it did seem like you guys have -- and you can disagree, but it seems like you've prioritized the line extensions over getting network evolution done by '25. So, I know we thought it might slip into '26, but now it's definitely slipping into '26. Just wanted to understand your thought process there. If that was tied to kind of equipment availability or just a strategic decision? And then, Jessica, there's an expectation that '24 is a good EBITDA growth year for Charter given the investments you've made in OpEx. I think you cited 3.5% growth in Q4 ex advertising. Anything you can tell us to help us think about financial performance for the business in '24 would be appreciated. Thanks everyone.
Chris Winfrey: Sure. So, Ben, I think leading into the last earnings call, we had been listening to shareholder feedback about the difficulty people were having of projecting long-term CapEx trends given the significant capital investment opportunities that we have. And you're right, typically, we would never provide a multiyear outlook and we've -- about the only guidance that we've historically provided is in-year CapEx guidance. But these are unique opportunities that don't come around very often. The opportunity to have subsidized rural build, having the largest expansion of broadband and cable footprint really since the 1980s is unique and it's generational. And I think we felt that investors needed to see, A, the size and magnitude of what we were already committed to, and B, to have a very articulated outline of the returns of those investments, which Jessica has provided. We've been providing that, all that information is essentially what we provided over the past two years, but to do it in a single spot so people could wrap their heads around both the quantum that exist, the investment returns that are attached to that investment and that it doesn't go on into perpetuity, and that there is a real nice setup for what this is all about, which is free cash flow growth. And so, while we typically like to keep our cards close to our chest to preserve both flexibility and to maintain our competitive posture, I felt there was a trade-off here to make sure that our shareholders were with us and that people understood the value of the returns to the investment that we're making. And so, there's a balance here between, on one hand, having the flexibility to always make the right decisions to generate long-term free cash flow, and making sure that we're responsive to shareholder feedback along the way and that we can demonstrate the long-term value, so people take comfort with that. In terms of the prioritization of line extensions over the DAA or DOCSIS 4 upgrade, it wasn't so much about prioritization. It was really about certification of the DAA equipment taking a little bit longer, which was pushing out the timeline for the rollout. And so, the trade-off we had is could you do it the 1.2 gigahertz high-split upgrade under, what we call, an integrated CMTS environment. And do more of that footprint to keep the original pace or should we slow it down just a tad to make sure that we allowed for a catch-up of the DAA certification process so that you can move to high split with distributed access architecture as well as the 1.8 gigahertz and the rollout of DOCSIS 4.0, we chose the latter to make sure that we were having as much of the footprint with the full capabilities of DOCSIS 4.0 over time. The caveat is, if we get into couple of years from now, we see opportunities to pull capital forward. We'll of course do that, but this is our best view of where we're going to spend capital. And we thought it was worthwhile to show that to make sure people understand that it doesn't -- that higher level of capital expenditure doesn't go on into perpetuity.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thank you.
Jessica Fischer: Yeah. On the EBITDA performance inside of 2024, I guess -- I'm not going to give EBITDA guidance, but I think we can talk about the few things. So, you do have a political advertising year, that is a tailwind. We have -- so we've fully lapped the investments that we made in the employee population. And from an expense outlook perspective, I think my expectation is that we'll be able to keep cost to serve essentially flat on an absolute basis. And in sales and marketing, you might have some growth, but it will be small in the 2% to 3% range. And we continue -- as I said in my remarks, we're taking a look at expenses all across the business to identify areas where we can be more efficient and reduce costs without impacting our service levels and our sales capability. And so, we fully understand that we need to maintain EBITDA growth in this environment and strong EBITDA growth coming into what, as you note, should be a stronger year in order to be able to continue focusing on what we want for the long term, which is to be able to invest to grow in the long term and to return to that sort of Internet customer growth in the long term. So, I think the dynamics in the background are happening to make that growth happen. That's where we are.
Benjamin Swinburne: Okay. Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks, Ben.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Ben. Luke, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Your line is now open.
John Hodulik: Great. Thanks for that color, Jessica. Just a follow-up on EBITDA growth and one of the components, revenue per customer. It's been relatively flat for the last couple of quarters and there's a lot of moving parts in terms of pricing and customers rolling-off Spectrum One. But, how should we think about progressing through '24, especially with the -- I think the most recent data price increase in August? And do you believe your pricing power in the broadband market has changed given the new sort of competitive landscape we have, or can you continue to push pricing as that lapse mid-year? Number one. And then, on the mobile strategy, anything you can tell us about what mobile is doing in terms of lowering churn in the broadband market? Is it also helping you in terms of new connection and driving new subscribers or just really churn reduction? And then, anything we should expect to change as you sort of proceed with some of the build out measures you're taking to add your own capacity?
Jessica Fischer: Yeah. So, I'll start with ARPU. When you look at average revenue per customer overall, John, the biggest factor that's keeping it flat is the rate of video penetration. So, what matters there is the extent to which we can retain video customers with some of the package and pricing strategies that we have. If you isolate and you sort of pull out Internet ARPU, you can see even in the remarks that I made on the quarter that Internet ARPU continues to grow, and when you pull out the Spectrum One Mobile allocation, continues to grow at a rate that's consistent or even a little higher than historical level. On the mobile side, I talked about it on the last call. As you have -- so because we've sort of lapsed the free line offer, the number of free lines that we have in the system over the course of 2024 is more steady than it was in 2023. So, you'll also see that the impact of that mobile allocation over to the Internet should steady over time. And you'll have, just as a matter of math, more paying customers in the base as a proportion relative to the free lines. So, I think that's the piece there. I don't know, Chris, do you want to talk about pricing power?
Chris Winfrey: Sure. In broadband, our fundamental view hasn't changed that in the long term, keeping your prices as low as you can both enhances your ability to grow, and that's still our long-term objective, it reduces churn, and it reduces the likelihood that somebody views you as an attractive overbuilt candidate. So, our fundamental views haven't changed. Having said that, we've had inflationary pressures, and we've been passing that through to the best of our ability. To the extent that our pricing is lower and it is for the most part across the industry, I view that as a positive long-term capacity question and from an ability to grow. But it doesn't mean that we're immune to inflation. It doesn't mean that we're not willing to pass-through increases as we need to. And there's a balance here as well that in an environment where we're investing so much into expansion and making sure that we do maintain EBITDA growth rate so that we can keep that engine going, it matters to us and it matters to our shareholders, and we're focused on that in parallel. So, there's a balance that's taking place. And I think we're in a not only in a good position overall, but I think a very good relative position. In terms of the overall market, you've seen different operators across the sector moving their prices up over time as well. And I think that demonstrates that there's real value to the product, and there's a need to recover cost along the way. It's a capital-intensive business. And then, your last question on -- John, is mobile churn. The contribution of mobile to the broadband business, the biggest factor so far as you highlighted really has been a significant and a very material amount of churn reduction that takes place on those customers who attach mobile, as I mentioned, it's only 13% of our base today. And I'd offer you two pieces. One is on the positive side, it is dramatic, the churn reduction. On the -- just to be balanced, there's still self-selection that exists inside that base. So, I want to be careful that we don't overplay the benefit there on what's still a relatively small portion of our Internet base and growing and has big upside. The new connects, those new Internet connects who take mobile, a percentage of our mobile acquisition mix that comes from new customers has risen over the years. Is that because we do a better job of selling it to call center and attaching or is it because mobile is actually driving gross adds? In this environment, we have so many different moving parts. I'm not comfortable telling you that it's been a big driver as of yet of new sales. But I think that's the opportunity, not only for churn reduction, but as convergence continues to take hold as these products work together in a way that our competitors can't replicate, the ability to use Spectrum One, a combination of broadband, Internet, WiFi and 5G is our backup radio. It's the slowest portion of our network, and have the fastest overall connectivity service and seamless connectivity, I think, it's powerful. And I think it has the ability not just to reduce churn, which it's already doing today, but to actually drive acquisition over time. And so, we're early on, but still very exciting.
John Hodulik: Okay. Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, John. Luke, we'll take our next question, please. Thanks. Luke?
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Peter Supino with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Peter Supino: Good morning. I have a couple of questions on the subject of growth investment. Slide 11 discusses cost per core passing in your forecast of $2,000 to $2,500 and that struck me as high relative to historical core passings and even relative to fiber expansion. So, I wanted to see what you could share about your assumptions for penetration and ARPU in that footprint. And then, on a related note, again, on core growth investment, but moving over to BEAD, we've seen big increases over the last couple of years since the money for BEAD was allocated in the availability and uptake of fixed wireless services over midband. We expect more increases in the availability of LEO satellite services, not just Starlink, but Amazon's product. And so, I'm wondering if your outlook for penetration in that potential BEAD footprint is moderating and if that affects your appetite at all. Thank you.
Jessica Fischer: Yeah. So, I'll start on the cost per passing question. What you see there is related to the mix between commercial and even enterprise passings and residential passing. So, the cost per resi passing that lives inside of that is closer to $1,500. What's happening is that there are, I'm going to say, a smaller number, but a larger dollar amount of commercial passings that are included in the mix that drive the average cost per passing to be a little bit higher. And we're just trying to give enough information there to get you to a reasonable passings estimate so that -- so you can model off of that what gains you would generate from the build.
Chris Winfrey: And then, in terms of the penetration, Peter, there's very different types of build that sits in there. I mean, serviceability, which is where a customer calls us effectively for a one-off or two or three additional line extensions, the penetration on that is 85%, as it should be. And other areas where greenfield or market fill-in where penetrations can range anywhere between 45% and 70%, at a lower cost per passing, as Jessica highlighted, than some of the other extension build that we do. So, the returns are very, very attractive. They always have been. There's nothing really new there. And somewhat tied to that, you asked about our views on penetration generally, but in the context of BEAD with fixed wireless access or low Earth orbit satellite, LEO. I think the -- let me start with LEO. This is an expensive offering on a month per month basis, expensive from a CPE standpoint. And it needs to be because the -- if I told you our network was going to fall to the ground every six to eight years and burn up, you'd tell me that's a pretty capital-intensive business that needs to be priced appropriately, and it is. I think LEO has a really good use in certain cases, but it's typically not going to be where our fiber-based network is deployed. And so, it's not something that really has risen too much in terms of our thinking in penetration. Fixed wireless access, it's shown us that you can have lower quality and inferior service at a low price or low incremental price, and there's a market for that. But our penetration expectations for RDOF and for subsidized rural and what will feed into BEAD were already low in terms of what we've built into our models compared to what I think ultimately we'll achieve. And so, I think that's already reflected inside of our penetrations. If you think about just at the 12-month mark, where we're approaching close to 50% in the subsidized rural passings, our initial thoughts were we'd be at half of that within a year. And so, we're way ahead of that. And I think the terminal penetration will be higher than what we thought at RDOF, despite the fact that there's an admittedly stronger fixed wireless access presence now than there was three, four years ago when we made those commitments. So, all a big roundabout way to say, I think it's factored into all of our thinking. And I don't think it changes our view in terms of where we'll ultimately get to for terminal penetration, because we weren't overly aggressive in what we assumed.
Jessica Fischer: Yeah. And...
Peter Supino: That's helpful. Thank you.
Jessica Fischer: We mentioned the less than 50% -- or the 50% or so at about the 12-month-plus mark. But as you can see and what we provided and all of the cohorts that we are seeing, we're still growing at a good rate at that point. So, it's not as though you've reached the customers who are going to get your product and then we're not seeing additional growth. We're still seeing good growth in those markets even at that vantage.
Chris Winfrey: It's early. It's going well.
Stefan Anninger: Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sebastiano Petti with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Sebastiano Petti: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to follow-up on the competitive environment, just based upon the previous response. Just any help on thinking about the fixed wireless impact in terms of your -- is that just isolated or the competitive environment that has perhaps shifted in 4Q and persisted into January? Is that isolated in your non-fiber overlap territories or you're seeing that as well be somewhat impactful in terms of share as well in the 1-gig market? And a quick follow-up to that. Any update we can get on overlap for fiber as it stands exiting the year? And then, on the CBRS build out, obviously, your peer Comcast has been testing along with you for quite a while, but they're live in Philadelphia as perhaps as well as some other markets. Any update on how the team is thinking about CBRS and how you'll perhaps offload strategy over the next several years? Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: There's a lot there, Sebastiano. But here we go. So, fixed wireless impact, it is where they've deployed and it's in both fiber and non-fiber overlap. It's more acute in the non-fiber overlap, because it's the first time that somebody's had what they view as an alternative other than DSL. And so, it has a novelty factor in the non-overbuild footprint that is similar to a fiber overbuild that has an immediate short-term impact when it's new into the marketplace. So, it has a more pronounced impact there. But I think the overbuilders, the wireline overbuilders would tell you that fixed wireless access probably has had an impact on them as well. So, it's not that it doesn't have an impact in an overbuild territory. It's just much more pronounced in an area where the overbuild doesn't exist. Our overbuild percentage, in our 10-K today, I think, we disclosed as well that it's roughly 50% in terms of overbuild. And then, as it relates to CBRS, we are fully deployed and active with thousands of radio access networks out on the strand and MDUs in one large market today, and we're expanding into another market at some point this year. And that's going very well. And the pacing of that really is dictated by a few things. One is, our relationship with Verizon is good and strong. The economics are great. And this is an ROI-based deployment. So, it'll be there -- the returns will be there when we deploy. But interestingly, the more penetrated we become, the more attractive the returns get. And so, from a deployment of capital perspective, CBRS is very exciting. It's a very clear mathematical return. But in an environment where we're deploying as much capital as we are and we have so much active activity on the outside plant in terms of high-split upgrade and construction of new networks, we're just pacing it along the way to manage all those factors in the way that we think about deployment of CBRS. But we're going to fully deploy it. It's exciting. It has a great return. The depth at which we employed in each market, it really is a function of utilization on a geographically specific area, and the attractive agreement and the great relationship that we have with Verizon today. So, that's strategic to us. So, all those factors play into the timing.
Sebastiano Petti: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That was our last question. I'll now turn the call back over to Stefan Anninger.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, operator. Thanks, everyone. We'll see you next quarter.
Chris Winfrey: Thank you very much.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Charter Communications Q3 Conference Call. We ask that you please hold all questions until the completion of the formal remarks, at which time youll be given instructions for the question-and-answer session. Also, as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I'll now pass you over to Stefan Anninger.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, operator, and welcome, everyone. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website at ir.charter.com. I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, which we encourage you to read carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call, concerning expectations, predictions, plans and prospects, constitute forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect management's current view only, and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements. On today's call, we have Chris Winfrey, our President and CEO; and Jessica Fischer, our CFO. With that, let's turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks, Stefan. During the third quarter, we added 63,000 Internet customers, as we continue to benefit from growth in both our existing footprint and new subsidized rural footprint. We also added nearly 600,000 Spectrum mobile lines, benefiting from our Spectrum One offering. At the end of the third quarter, we had over 7 million total mobile lines, and over 12% of our Internet customers now have mobile service. We expect mobile penetration to meaningfully grow over the next several years as the quality and the value of our converged connectivity service gains wider recognition. Revenue was essentially flat year-over-year, with some temporary headwinds within the quarter. And adjusted EBITDA grew at 0.7% year-over-year, moving past the low point last quarter. We expect that upward trend to continue as we realize the benefit of our operating investments. More importantly, we're making significant progress against the multiyear strategic initiatives we outlined late last year. Our footprint expansion initiative remains on track. We expect to add approximately 300,000 new subsidized rural passings in 2023 and to accelerate that pace in 2024. Our penetration gains in subsidized rural passings continues to grow at a better-than-expected pace. At the 12-month mark, our rural builds are achieving nearly 50% penetration, faster than our initial expectations. Our execution initiative also continues to progress, and we remain committed to prioritizing the customer experience. We continue to see the benefits of our investments in employee tenure and training, including better employee retention, higher quality service transactions and better sales yields. Additionally, the increasing digitization of our service platforms for both customers and employees will further reduce transactions, driving higher levels of customer satisfaction and employee satisfaction, driving tenure and quality. And finally, our evolution initiative, which is comprised of our network evolution project, our convergence efforts and our video product transformation, all of which remain on track. Our network evolution project continues to progress well and will allow us to maintain our fastest Internet and WiFi service claims in front of customers and competitors everywhere we operate. Unlike the telcos, which prioritize the most attractive footprints for upgrades, our multi-gig speed offerings will be available across our entire footprint. Our network evolution is good for the communities we serve, and it's good for Charter. And excluding the benefit of any savings that result from the project, we continue to expect our network evolution to cost a very low $100 per passing. We're very much on target. Whether we finish our network evolution initiative by the end of 2025 or mid-2026 will really depend on the supply chain for distributed access architecture components and managing annual capital spend, given the larger customer growth opportunity and construction speed of RDOF, where we're ahead of the build requirements and we'll end up with more passings than originally expected, state grants, and hopefully, beat passings. However, I want to reiterate and be very clear that where state BEAD rules are not conducive to private investment, we will not participate in those states. Our converged product offering also continues to evolve and succeed. Spectrum One is performing well and offers the fastest connectivity, with differentiated features like mobile Speed Boost and the Spectrum Mobile Network. Spectrum One also offers significant savings for customers, with market-leading pricing at both promotion and retail. Finally, turning to the evolution of our video product. Earlier this month, we launched our Xumo platform across our entire footprint. This industry-leading video platform allows our customers to access their linear and direct-to-consumer video content with unified search and discovery within one easy-to-use interface. Combined with our Spectrum TV app, the most viewed linear and VPD streaming service in the US, Xumo is now our go-to-market platform for new video sales. In September, we announced an agreement to carry Disney's linear networks and direct-to-consumer services for our customers. This new hybrid distribution model is good for consumers and we believe a significant step forward for the video ecosystem. For Charter, the agreement adds value to our video packages and better aligns linear content and DTC apps, which will be included for free in our video products. We also maintained flexibility to offer lower cost packages. Disney gets broader distribution of its DTC products with ad revenues from our video customers and upgrade subscriptions to ad free. We'll also sell Disney's DTC apps to our Internet customers, including via Xumo over time. Together with Disney, we created a glide path to bridge from linear video into new growth with both linear and DTC services. Disney and ESPN were a key first step to repairing the video ecosystem, but our goal is to have a product that is valuable and that we're proud to sell. We plan to modernize all of our distribution agreements upon renewal in a way that works for customers. That means packaging flexibility, value and not asking customers or us to pay twice for similar DTC and linear programming. If programmers insist on customers paying twice, we just won't carry those channels. But we'd still be happy to sell their content in an  la carte app, same way as they do. Our goal is to modernize these agreements quietly and seamlessly for our mutual customer base. Our new hybrid distribution model, combined with Xumo's content forward interface, provides a clear path to solve key customer issues of choice, value, and utility, with seamless linear DTC and SVOD integration in advanced search and discovery functionality. For Charter and programmers, this creates a state-of-the-art video marketplace, supported by our scaled distribution, sales, and service infrastructure, and we believe a glide path to broader distribution, better economics, and more choice for everyone. Through expansion, network evolution, convergence, video transformation, and investing in quality, we are executing successfully the strategy we laid out last December. Our strategy remains to provide the highest quality products, which we then priced and packaged in customer-friendly ways to drive higher penetration of our services across our footprint. We then combined that with investments in high-quality service, which also increases our competitiveness to acquire more customers. Ultimately, continued execution of our strategy will drive significant long-term value for shareholders, and we continue to make good progress. Before handing the call over to Jessica, I want to note that earlier this week, we announced Ton Rutledge's plan of retirement, and that Eric Zinterhofer is reassuming the non-Executive Chairman role at Charter. I'm pleased that Tom will remain as Director Emeritus, and grateful to Tom, Eric and our full Board, including two of the most successful cable investors in Liberty Media and Advanced New House, for their work to achieve a smooth CEO transition for Charter. Jessica?
Jessica Fischer: Thanks, Chris. Let's turn to our customer results on Slide 5. Including residential and SMB, we added 63,000 Internet customers in the third quarter. We estimate that approximately 15,000 third quarter Internet disconnects were driven by the temporary loss of ESPN in September. Video customers declined by 327,000 in the third quarter, with about 100,000 video disconnects driven by the Disney programming dispute. The overall impact to customer relationships was less than we expected, facilitated in part by the wide availability of over-the-top alternative. The loss of Disney programming occurred both at the beginning of football season and in the midst of a programming cost pass-through and the launch of our new Auto Pay discount incentive on Internet. Nonetheless, operationally, we handled the Disney dispute very well. But our billing and retention call centers were not fully back to normal until early October, so there was lingering customer net add impact early in the fourth quarter. Turning to mobile. We added 594,000 mobile lines in the third quarter. Wireline voice customers declined by 286,000 in the third quarter. Overall market activity, churn and gross adds, remained well below pre-COVID levels, partly driven by persistently low move rates. We continue to compete well in a portion of our footprint that is overlapped by fiber, but we also continue to see some impact from fixed wireless access competitors in the lower usage and price-sensitive customer segments of our residential and SMB businesses. That product remains slower and less reliable than what we can deliver, and will be additionally constrained as consumers demand more and more data. In fact, high data usage customers that switched to fixed wireless have a higher propensity to return to our Internet service. Despite our Disney dispute, third quarter residential Internet churn was at a new record low for the third quarter. Our Spectrum Mobile product also continued to perform well in the quarter. The majority of new lines continue to come from existing Internet customers, though the percentage of lines coming from new customers has continued to increase. Boarding from other carriers as a portion of our gross additions grew year-over-year, despite much higher mobile sales. We also continue to see healthy data usage on our Spectrum One promotional lines and remain confident that these lines should perform well as long-term customers. In the third quarter of last year, we launched Spectrum One pilot programs in a handful of markets. The pilot program customers reached their 12-month anniversary during the third quarter of this year, and incremental churn on those lines was small and even less than we expected. Turning to rural. Subsidized rural passings growth accelerated in the third quarter, with 78,000 passings activated. And we continue to expect approximately 300,000 new subsidized rural passings this year. As our RDOF build has progressed, we have identified roughly 300,000 adjacent passings along the way that are not in the sense of slot groups we want, but we will add to our network as we complete the RDOF build. Because of these adjacent passings, we now expect that our RDOF initiative will yield a total of 1.3 million passings to be constructed over a multiyear period. And while labor and equipment costs have both increased, we expect the average net cost per passing of these 1.3 million passings to be similar to our original RDOF net cost per passing estimate. We don't expect any potential BEAD build, subject to what Chris mentioned, to begin until 2025. Moving to financial results, starting on slide 6. Over the last year, residential customers grew by 0.2%, with new customer growth driven by Internet, partly offset by video-only customer churn. Residential revenue per customer relationship declined by 0.6% year-over-year, given a higher mix of non-video customers, growth of lower-priced video packages within our base and $63 million of residential customer credits related to the Disney lockout, partly offset by promotional rate step-ups, rate adjustments and the accelerated growth of Spectrum Mobile. Excluding Disney-related credits, residential revenue per customer relationship was flat year-over-year. As slide 6 shows, in total, residential revenue declined by 0.3% year-over-year. Excluding Disney-related credits, residential revenue grew by 0.3% year-over-year. Turning to commercial. SMB revenue declined by 0.9% year-over-year, reflecting lower monthly SMB revenue per SMB customer, primarily due to a higher mix of lower-priced video packages and a lower number of voice lines per SMB customer. These factors were partly offset by SMB customer growth of 1.3% year-over-year. Enterprise revenue grew by 3.7% year-over-year, driven by enterprise PSU growth of 5.9% year-over-year. Excluding all wholesale revenue, enterprise revenue grew by 5.5%. Third quarter advertising revenue declined by 20.3% or $97 million year-over-year due to less political revenue. Core ad revenue was down 1.8%, due to a more challenged advertising market, partly offset by our growing advanced advertising capabilities. Other revenue grew by 28.8% year-over-year, driven by higher mobile device sales. In total, consolidated third quarter revenue was up 0.2% year-over-year, and up 1.5% year-over-year when excluding advertising and the impact of the $68 million in total Disney-related customer credits. Moving to operating expenses and adjusted EBITDA on slide 7. In the third quarter, total operating expenses were approximately flat year-over-year. Programming costs declined by 9.6% year-over-year due to a decline in video customers of 6% year-over-year, a higher mix of lighter video packages and a $61 million benefit related to the temporary loss of Disney programming in early September. These factors were partly offset by higher programming rates. We now expect that for the full year 2023, programming cost per video customer will decline by approximately 3% year-over-year. Other cost of revenue increased by 15.2%, primarily driven by higher mobile device sales and other mobile direct costs, partly offset by lower regulatory and franchise fees and lower ad sales costs. Cost to service customers increased by 3.7% year-over-year, driven by previous adjustments to job structure, pay and benefits to build a more skilled and longer tenured workforce, resulting in lower frontline employee attrition compared to 2022 and additional activity to support the accelerated growth of Spectrum Mobile. Those were partly offset by productivity improvements, including from tenure investments, lower service transactions per customer and lower bad debt. Sales and marketing costs declined by 1.4%, primarily driven by lower labor costs, as we've lapped our prior year employee investments in sales and marketing. Overall, while we certainly had some additional overtime in our call centers, given the Disney dispute, it was not a material expense driver this quarter. Finally, other expenses grew by 2.5%, driven by labor costs. Adjusted EBITDA grew by 0.7% year-over-year in the quarter. Turning to net income on slide 8. We generated $1.3 billion of net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the third quarter, up from $1.2 billion last year, driven by higher adjusted EBITDA and lower other operating expense, partly offset by higher interest expense. Turning to slide 9. Capital expenditures totaled $3 billion in the third quarter, above last year's third quarter spend of $2.4 billion. The increase was primarily driven by higher spend on upgrade rebuild due to our network evolution initiative, higher spend on line extensions driven by Charter's subsidized rural construction initiative and continued network expansion across residential and commercial greenfield and market selling opportunities, and higher CPE, driven by the purchase of Xumo devices for our launch earlier this month. For the full year 2023, we now expect capital expenditures to total approximately $11.2 billion. Capital expenditures, excluding line extensions, should total approximately $7.2 billion, higher than our previous expectation. The increase reflects additional Xumo CPE purchases and an acceleration of network spend related to future high split markets, including inventory accumulation and other preparation activities like walk-out and design and proactive equipment swap-outs of both DTAs and MPEG2 boxes. As Chris noted, we continue to expect to spend approximately $100 per passing to evolve the network to offer multiple gigabit speeds. There has been no change to our longer-term network evolution CapEx outlook. We also continue to expect 2023 line extension capital expenditures to total approximately $4 billion. We are working through our 2024 operating plan right now. Given the greater subsidized rural passings and construction opportunity we currently see, we may partially fund that opportunity by very modestly slowing our network evolution plan, as Chris mentioned. And as we complete our 2024 plans, we will provide a more detailed outlook on our fourth quarter 2023 call in January. I want to highlight that capital expenditures, excluding line extensions and network evolution as a percentage of total revenue, have remained consistent since 2021. And following the completion of our network evolution initiative, capital expenditures, excluding line extensions as a percentage of revenue, should decline to below 2022 level, which has important long-term cash flow implications. As Slide 10 shows, we generated $1.1 billion of free cash flow this quarter versus $1.5 billion in the third quarter of last year. The decline was primarily driven by higher CapEx, mostly driven by our network evolution and expansion initiatives. A couple of brief comments on working capital and cash taxes before turning to the balance sheet. Excluding the impact of mobile devices, we now expect our full year 2023 change in working capital to be negative by a few hundred million dollars, given the timing of capital expenditures and lower-than-expected accrued programming at year-end. On cash taxes, we did have a lower cash tax payment in the third quarter, which is just a timing difference. The full year cash tax outlook, which I provided during our fourth quarter 2022 call, still stand. We finished the quarter with $97.6 billion in debt principal. Our current run rate annualized cash interest is $5.2 billion. As of the end of the third quarter, our ratio of net debt to last 12-month adjusted EBITDA was 4.45 times, and we intend to stay at or just below the high end of our four to 4.5 times target leverage range. During the quarter, we repurchased two million Charter shares and Charter Holdings common units, totaling $854 million, at an average price of $421 per share. Our 2023 EBITDA growth has been pressured by significant investments we've made in the future growth of our business. As we move toward 2024, pressure on our EBITDA growth will begin to abate, with growing transaction efficiency as we benefit from building employee tenure and easier comps as we have now lapped the impact of those employee investments. Lower transactions in our mobile business, which drove down -- which drive down our per customer cost of service and building as we move into next year, revenue growth acceleration from the roll-off of our mobile free line offers and positive impact from political advertising. In addition, faster pacing of our rural build should bring additional positive impact to customer net additions next year. In the longer term, the competitive impact in operational efficiencies from our network evolution will drive a stronger broadband business. Convergence momentum will improve our churn and generate financial growth for both broadband and mobile, and transformational changes to the video business can enhance the value of our product for our connectivity customers. The investments we have been making and will continue to make are set to drive the growth of our business going forward. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question will come from Jonathan Chaplin with New Street Research. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thanks. Two quick questions. Starting with broadband, it looks like your -- the progress in the new markets, the rural markets that you're pushing into is great. The 12-month penetration there is accelerating, which is fantastic. But it seems like the core markets are progressing a little bit more slowly than you expected. And I'm wondering, Chris, if you can give us some context for what was different from what you may be expecting in the core markets as sort of function of just slower pull-through from Spectrum One, or greater pressures from fixed wireless broadband or something else? And then I'm wondering, sort of, taking a step back, whether you can give us a view of what you think the video business ultimately looks like five years down the line? I can imagine an environment, a world where you're collecting a platform fee, this lower ARPU, but very high margin from a large number of your customers, and it becomes a much more valuable business for you than the sort of the distribution business that you have today. But I would love to get your thoughts on like how that business evolves? And when we sort of hit the point where it starts to become a growth driver for you as opposed to a drag on growth? Thanks.
Chris Winfrey: Sure. And there's a lot in what you just asked, broadband. So, as you mentioned, our subsidized rural construction is going very well and it's pacing well. We're getting faster penetration than we anticipated, probably are used for higher terminal penetration. As Jessica mentioned, as we get into next year, not only do we have the accelerated pace of construction that we get into Q4 and then into next year, but also the tailwind of the construction that we've already completed. So, as a standalone investment, the transparency around that is actually pretty high. The core markets, I think similar to what you've heard probably from others, both in the second quarter as well as third quarter, the back-to-school and dynamics, both at disconnect in Q2 and reconnected Q3 is not gotten back to where it was several years ago. Some of that could tie into the low end of the market where you have some incremental fixed wireless access. I think importantly for us we're continuing well in fiber markets and as it relates to fixed wireless access where you have a lower quality, lower throughput, lower capacity product, that's really not even lower priced when you combine mobile and Internet together. But on the increment, it appears to be that way. We feel pretty good about that space, just given the amount of bandwidth usage that increases over time and the natural capacity constraints that we've all spoken about in the past. So, I think some combination of that, as well as Jessica mentioned, we had a relatively modest, but small impact on the Disney programming dispute, which drove an additional 15,000 units. But just if you step back, for all the reasons that we know, the broadband market has been temporarily stunted for growth. But we are growing in both our existing footprint as well as in the rural subsidized footprint as well and we're providing that so people can evaluate where both pieces are. In terms of video, five years from now, I think there'll still be a traditional video business that exists. And then I'll talk a little bit about where it could evolve to. But a traditional video business that exists, hopefully with additional value in it with DTCs, bundled in, in a way that increases the stickiness of the linear business, is just to the benefit of our ourselves and programmers, we can do that through these renovated agreements with the programmers and the combination of Xumo that creates utility for customers to find content in an easier way and have a deeper library and availability of that content. I do think, as you mentioned and as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we have an opportunity to evolve to a state-of-the-art video marketplace where we can provide that type of traditional linear integrated DTC and SVOD product for customers who can afford it. It's a value. But when you get that, it's a very valuable product, and it's something that we'd be proud of. And for those customers who are going to be coming more in and out of the video market with different packages because of affordability, that's been driven by the programmers and because of the availability of DTC's  la carte, that Xumo, for us, can provide a really good marketplace to sell those products, again, for the benefit of the programmers as well and gives customers options wherever they want to go. And to your point, not only do we have the traditional video business delivered by Spectrum, but we also have the ability to monetize, from an advertising revenue perspective, the platform through our equity investment in the 50-50 joint venture of Xumo. So nobody sitting here forecasting that traditional linear video is going to grow. But I do think it still remains very important to our connectivity relationships. I think we have a strategic advantage in the marketplace because of our capabilities as a broadband provider with a scaled video platform with the programming relationships that we have and the ability to package together a hybrid model that creates value for customers and is also a distribution engine for these DTC apps, either on a standalone or a bundled basis, for customers and programmers in the future. So if I step back from a video perspective, again, I'm not forecasting growth, but the past 15 years, there's been very little to be optimistic about, either from a customer perspective because of what the programmers have done or for ourselves as a distributor. And for the first time, I see a path where we can create value for customers and create utility and that ultimately will enhance the value of the connectivity services that we provide through our seamless connectivity in Spectrum One, which we're beginning to market now as part of Xumo.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Jonathan. Well take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. You may unmute and ask your question.
Craig Moffett: Hi, thank you. I wonder, maybe for Jessica, if we could drill down a little bit on the ARPU impact of Spectrum One? And how we should expect, as you start to see the first cohorts roll off, how should we expect ARPU to track for both broadband and for wireless, I guess, over the next not just the next quarter or so, but maybe a little bit longer term as you start to roll off those cohorts?
Jessica Fischer: Sure. Thanks, Craig. So I'm going to start on the wireless side, and then I'll come back and hit the Internet side. On the wireless side, our rate of net additions, it's been not perfectly steady, but fairly steady over the last four quarters now, with Spectrum One in place. And so as you lap and have the roll-off of those free lines that were in the fourth quarter of last year, and you create new free lines in the fourth quarter of this year, what I would say is that the impact that the free lines have on overall ARPU, it ceases to become a pressure on ARPU. And as the free lines as a portion make up a smaller and smaller percentage of the total lines, over time, because the base is growing underneath them and the number of free lines sort of stabilizes, I think that you do have a little bit of remaining -- or you could have a little bit of positive pressure on ARPU. The other side of that, we do still have some legacy pricing in the mix that has to roll off. So probably on wireless, more stabilized next year. If you think about what the impact is that it's having on Internet, so Internet ARPU growth, if you sort of look at it at a product ARPU level, gap growth in the year-over-year was 2.6%. Without the Spectrum One mobile allocation in there, it would have been 3.7%. So you have about a 1.1% difference in product line ARPU growth that relates to that allocation from the fee line. As those free lines start to roll off, I think actually, the dynamic is the same. The total free lines in the system become sort of steady in the year-over-year. So that mobile allocation becomes steady as you get into Q4. So, there is the potential then that what you see from a GAAP reporting perspective is better ARPU growth on the sort of Internet component, but it's related to just not having the building of that GAAP allocation inside of the Internet product.
Craig Moffett: Thats helpful. Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Craig. We will go take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. You may ask your question.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I'm hoping you could spend a little more time talking about the CapEx outlook and strategy around sort of three buckets: the digital evolution, the line extensions and then Xumo or, I guess, video. It sounds like we should continue to assume about $5.5 billion for the network evolution spend, but it sounds like the timing of that may have moved, maybe some -- maybe less more this year, but less next couple of years, and then more maybe in 2026. I wonder if you could help us there. Is there a change in the $4 billion a year of line extensions from the higher RDOF opportunity that you talked about? And then I don't think you've been spending much at all, I would guess, on video CPE, given recycling of set-tops, et cetera. So, can you fill us in a little bit on the Xumo plan? Because I'm trying to think about whether you're sort of going to be slowly moving your video sub base over time to a whole new equipment fleet, so to speak, and trying to understand what that might look like from a CapEx point of view. So I know that's a lot, but you guys give us a lot to chew on, but I'd ask for some help.
Chris Winfrey: It was our fault, Ben. That's true. Why don't I take two of those, being network evolution -- or start off with two of those network evolution video CPE, and let Jessica take expansion and any gaps that I missed on the first two. On network evolution, we -- I mentioned that we could potentially slow down by, call it, six months. And then the counter to that, obviously, is wait a second, I thought this is improving your competitive standpoint, it is. But I would flag that we're competing. One, it's not that material at a time difference. And two, we're competing well against fiber today. And our goal remains to have a superior speed claims across everywhere we operate in our footprint. That being said, we've always said that we'll accelerate investments wherever we can. And the trade-off to that is we also recognize there is value in showing some discipline to shareholders in terms of the overall envelope capital and these rural investments, which continue to expand both in terms of size and our capabilities to deploy quickly. They produce immediate gains. So when you step back and think about trying to balance both our traditional approach, which is if there's capital returns, capital that can be deployed that has great ROI go as fast as you can, at the same time, balance investor expectations and show discipline there in terms of the overall envelope, a six-month time line, it's not going to make that much difference long-term. There is an additional benefit operationally, which is that an extended time line allows some of our DAA or distributed access architecture suppliers to catch up with the latest technology at full scale so that we can deploy the most advanced gear as part of this wave of high split and DOCSIS -- eventually DOCSIS 4.0 implementation. So, that's my thoughts on network evolution. Jessica can come back in a second and clean up on that, if I missed something. On video CPE, it's -- we have, over time, spent less on video CPE because we've been able to recycle World Box at the initial beginning of deployment for Xumo, we needed to get a starting state inventory of Xumo Boxes, and that's captured in capital. On the increment, we will be deploying more new boxes than we have in the past because we're essentially using Xumo as our go-to-market deployment for video CPE, and that's going very well right now. And -- now the boxes are less expensive than what traditional boxes have been over the past, and we expect the cost of those boxes to continue to decline significantly. So, you'll have a combination of volume, which will be determined by our success, and a lower price point over time as well as lower need to build up inventory through all of our channels and throughout the country. So it's -- there's a step-up there. But long term, I don't expect it to be that material.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. So maybe I'll try to help you with some numbers around network evolution and rural. I'm going to caveat it that we're still working through our operating plan for next year. So, I'm not going to give a 2024 guide. But just to help you frame the issue. If you think about where our run rate for rural passings will be in Q4 to reach our 300,000, you have to have 110,000 passings in Q4, which we're actually pretty confident that we will meet. If you take that run rate and sort of push it into four quarters of next year, we would build the 440,000 passing, which is 140,000 more rural patents than what we built this year. We've told you before, and it's true that passings timing isn't perfectly aligned with spend. So it's not a perfect guide. But if you put that at the net cost per passing, the $3,800 that we've talked about for RDOF, it would put the run rate next year on the order of $500 million higher than where we are inside of this year, assuming that all of the other components of line extensions remain the same, which there is a little variability there. But I think it's a good way to think about the issue overall. I think you have to couple that on the other side, with an understanding that network evolution spend sort of like our rural construction, is front loaded. There's a lot of costly preparation and inventory building work that needs to be done before you make it into the field to actually do the high slip or to replace equipment. We expect that we're going to spend a little over $1 billion this year in 2023 on high split, which leaves a substantial a substantial amount of spend in the project and a large portion of which if we continue at our current pace would hit inside of next year. So adjusting the timing of high split won't be enough probably to fully offset the additional line extension spend, but it can help. And as Chris said, we are looking at it sort of in the context of a total package to say, what's an appropriate amount of capital expense load to put against the business given where we sit. No, you're right. I want to say one more thing about it, though. So as we think about all of this investment that we're making in rural, I think it's probably -- we need to drive additional visibility around sort of the value that's related to having sort of unique one-time capital investments like that. We're taking a look at a lot of different ways we could think about that. We consider it a JV, but the returns are so strong. I don't think we want to share them. We've considered a tracking stock. I think structurally, it's complicated, but it does sort of do what I'm thinking about and kind of trying to create focus on the spending on rural as really acquiring passing is more like M&A, instead of thinking about it the way that you would think about CapEx. Absent doing one of those things, I am looking at additional disclosures to create more transparency. And so I think you should look for us to be trying to bring some of those disclosures early next year. And the other way that you can think about it with what's already been built, which I think is easier to sort of wrap your mind around as to what value has been created. Jonathan at New Street actually laid out a nice way to think about sort of what's the value of overall passing once it's built. His number came in around $9,000. And I'm not going to argue with him because I think it's a good space to think about it. So we built 315,000 rural passings so far. At $9,000 per passing, it's around $2.8 billion. Our average net cost per passing on the subsidized rural build is around $3,800. So, you can assume something like $1.6 billion of capital has been spent against those completed passings. And what that means is that we've created value, the current value of the passings at $2.8 billion versus the $1.6 billion that we've spent. We've already created value of $1.8 billion or $1.2 billion related to the building of those passings. And as we continue to accelerate the pace of the build, the pace at which we add that value to our business will increase. So we are looking at additional transparency there and trying to help as we sort of think about what our total capital spend might look like for next year, also making sure that we pair it with good disclosure and help from a valuation perspective so that you can see the value that those are adding to the business as we get them built.
Chris Winfrey: So Ben, you got probably more than you asked for. But Jessica was talking and I step back -- if you step it up one level from that, I think it's important just to reiterate that this company has a very strong focus on long-term capital allocation, long-term shareholder value creation. But we also understand the value of shareholder confidence along the way. And so we're going to go outside of our comfort zone here before we finish our operating plan, try to provide some of that additional disclosure and transparency, and make sure that we've got the full buy-in of our shareholders along the way and demonstrate what we've always been, I think, is really good allocators of capital.
Ben Swinburne: Appreciate it. Thanks so much.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Ben. Luke, well take our next question please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Vijay Jayant with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Vijay Jayant: Thanks. Two, if I could. Jessica, you previously talked about cost items, cost to serve and sales and marketing sort of exiting this year close to zero. Obviously, cost of services elevated in the quarter. Can you just talk about where we are on the cost cycle, given you should be comping against some of your labor cost increases? And sort of what it sort of means sort of into 2024? And then Chris, you started mentioned, I think now two quarters in a row, about the BEAD process and the state process and how that may sort of play out and you may not participate kind of thing. Can you sort of talk about really what are the issues there? And if that is the case, are we still too optimistic on your line extension spend over the next few years, which I think is about $4 billion a year?
Jessica Fischer: Yes. So Vijay, first on the cost items, I don't have any change in my expectation relative to cost to serve in sales and marketing, exiting the year at close to zero. And I think we've talked in our remarks, and it is our expectation that as our -- as the tenure in those areas mature, and as we -- because now, as of the end of Q3, we've really lapped the one-time increase related to the investments that we made on the employee side.
Chris Winfrey: For sales and marketing.
Jessica Fischer: Well, as of the end of the quarter, I think you also lapped in cost to serve for the most part. And so the rate of increase -- why I'd say that? So, we should expect to be more efficient across those areas going forward, whether that's sort of every quarter mix. I'm not going to be specific about where we'll be inside of next year and the quarters. But I do think our overall expectation is that from this point, we drive efficiency in those spaces.
Chris Winfrey: Vijay, on BEAD, you talked about pipeline, the BEAD has always been very difficult to forecast exactly what it will be because there's state allocations now, but how much of that is near our footprint. We're working through all of that. It's going to take a long time for that. So, -- and -- but in the meantime, RDOF and the state grants, they're going well. And there's a very large pipeline, as we've talked about, absent BEAD. I think it's fair to say that we were somewhat disappointed in the potential guidelines that came out from NTIA. And all I'm trying to say, without getting too much in the detail, NTIA states are all aware of the issues that we have. But to be clear, the states that adopt the NTIA's proposed guidelines on things such as Internet tiers, dictating Internet tiers, dictating pricing, labor practices, those just won't be attractive state for us to bid in. And so what we will do is we'll focus our investments on the states that allow us to retain flexibility to run the business, properly respond to market demand and ultimately, earn a healthy return. So, that's our focus. And so it's very difficult to forecast what, if any, BEAD investments will occur at this stage. And it's going to take us some time, I think, to figure that out as well as everybody else for that matter. So, we're not unique.
Jessica Fischer: And as we have said all along in rural, we've been extremely disciplined from a financial perspective and looking at the specific passing that we're bidding on to make sure that we're comfortable that it will generate financial returns and all things factor into that, including the limitations that you have under the regulatory environment.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks Vijay. Thank you. We'll take our next question please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Phil Cusick with JPMorgan. You may unmute and ask question.
Phil Cusick: Thank you. I guess a couple of follow-ups. Jessica, I heard your comment, on October customer addition drag, do you think it's still a reasonable goal for 2023 to add more broadband subs year-over-year? And if not, do you think 4Q of last year is a reasonable proxy for this year? I know you love guidance. And then second, as I'm thinking about your cost commentary as well as maybe some revenue pick up, what is the outlook for EBITDA acceleration from here? We've talked about EBITDA accelerating in the back half, but I'm also thinking about what your Disney content costs are going to do for the fourth quarter. Just how should we think about that from here? Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: Phil, on the -- let me take the customer one. The -- our goal has been to increase net adds for Internet year-over-year. I think given some of what we've seen just in early October for the reasons that we talked about before, I think it would require a very successful November and December. So I think we're going to be hard-pressed to hit that. I think the underlying trends in the business we've talked about where that sets us up for 2024. And so we're really optimistic about that. But I think it requires a pretty -- a very healthy November and December in order to achieve what was our original goal.
Jessica Fischer: On the EBITDA side, so thinking about what the components are, as you go into Q4 and next year, in Q4, you do still have an advertising headwind and actually the most significant advertising headwind of the year because of political advertising. But as you go into next year, then that turns around where you're back in a political year and you have the benefit of political advertising. As I said earlier, we've sort of lapped the last of our 2022 labor adjustments as at the end of Q3. So I think the trajectory from a cost perspective on cost to serve and sales and marketing is -- it gives -- you have easier comps and you have growing efficiencies sort of going into next year. In the fourth quarter, we'll start gaining revenue from the mobile free line roll-off. It's relatively small inside of Q4, but the impact builds as you go through next year. So we expect to have a good tailwind from that. And then we continue to expect to have just overall efficiency from our 10-year investments across the business. So, as we said, I think that we recognized that EBITDA was challenged in 2023, by both the investments that we're making, doing it in a nonpolitical year. But as we get into Q4 and going into next year, our expectation is that we've pushed through most of that headwind and that we'll be in a better position.
Phil Cusick: Thanks very much.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Phil. Luke, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steven Cahall with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Steven Cahall: Thank you. So, you said that some of your initial Spectrum One roll-to-pay results were a little better than expected. Could you just expand on the tools you're employing to drive those retention rates? And what kind of targets you might have in mind for the Spectrum One mobile roll-to-pay as we think about how that retention could look going forward? And is it right to assume that it's about 300,000 lines per quarter that are up for grabs? And then additionally, we've received a lot of questions on the ACP program and what it means for Charter. Could you maybe just help us frame how you see that exposure? Do you think you require any contingency plans in case there's any changes to the political outlook for that? And is there a lot of overlap between ACP customers and Spectrum One customers? Or is that quite a different customer set? Thank you very much.
Chris Winfrey: I'll do my best to answer as much of that as I can. The mobile retention, we're not having to do much of anything at all, simply because these lines are being actively used. They have similar port in rates to what we have elsewhere. They also have similar -- nearly similar device purchase rate. So they are real customers, they are looking very much like any other existing customer.  When they roll tier from a $0 price point for the first line, many of them are paying for a second line. But they go from a first line at $0 to $30, and that product is the fastest mobile product in the country, and it's providing it at the lowest rate relative to that speed. So, at $30, you can't replicate that mobile product anywhere else in the country that's producing that speed. And then all-in, when you think about it from a convergence standpoint, it's a product that has a structural advantage that's difficult for anyone else to replicate. So, we do have some small tactics around the edge that we can do to retain customers under different circumstances, but that's not being heavily used at this point, simply because it's sticking. On ACP, for the benefit of the broader audience, that's the affordable connectivity program. This program, federal program, it's brought Internet connectivity to customers who really wouldn't have access to broadband otherwise. And -- it's also allow existing customers who would have been coming in and out of the broadband marketplace really given the affordability issues, to remain connected consistently. So, I think we think it's been a really effective program. We're proud to be the largest ACP provider in the country. Just this week, I understand the White House has asked Congress to authorize more money for ACP earlier. And I hope that Congress will fund it before running out next year. Now, you asked the question, what happens to the extent it's not funded? Just as I mentioned, most of these customers receive -- that received ACP support today were Internet customers before the program was founded. We have low-income broadband programs that existed before ACP began and because of the value we provide in that connectivity, I do think that we'll continue to retain these customers. We have ways where they're moving them into the lower speed products that we have to be able to save the money more importantly, if you think about the mobile build the vast majority of these customers have inside their home, we can save them hundreds or even thousands of dollars every year, even though ACP disappeared simply by moving them over to our mobile. So, we have a lot of tools available to us for these customers to make sure that they stay. I hope is that we don't need to go down that path. I hope is that we can still save them that money by kind of getting them on to Spectrum Mobile and Spectrum One. But I'm hopeful that the program, which has been very successful, gets successfully renewed.
Stefan Anninger: And that concludes our call. Thanks very much, everybody. 
Chris Winfrey: Thank you all. Appreciate it.
Jessica Fischer: Thanks.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to Charter Communications' Second Quarter 2023 Investor Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Stefan Anninger.
Stefan Anninger: Good morning, and welcome to Charter's second quarter 2023 investor call. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com, under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K and also our 10-Q filed this morning. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call; however, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectation, predictions, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect managements current view only, and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements or to make additional forward-looking statements in the future. During the course of todays call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures, as defined by Charter, may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. Please also note that, all growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise specified. On todays call, we have Chris Winfrey, our President and CEO; Tom Rutledge, our Executive Chairman; and Jessica Fischer, our CFO. With that, lets turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks, Stefan. During the second quarter, we added 77,000 Internet customers, and we continue to benefit from our Spectrum One offering and our network expansion initiatives. We also added 648,000 spectrum mobile lines. At the end of the second quarter, we had over 6.6 million total mobile lines. Over 11% of our Internet customers now have mobile service, and we expect mobile penetration to meaningfully grow over the next several years. Spectrum Mobile is the nation's fastest mobile service. We see mobile lines as an extension of our WiFi and seamless connectivity service, and we expect our increasing convergence capabilities will contribute to further Internet growth. We're pleased with the progress of our growth initiatives and our performance in the second quarter, and we maintained EBITDA despite the significant employee investments we made through 2022, which will start generating growth benefits later this year. We remain focused on our three key strategic initiatives: evolution, expansion and execution, each of which is designed to help us grow our business and each of which remains very much on plan. Our network evolution plan is progressing well and offers us significant benefits. First, it will allow us to maintain our fastest Internet and WiFi service claims in front of our customers and competitors everywhere we operate, with symmetrical and multi-gig speeds via DOCSIS 4.0 and the ability to provide 25, 50 or even 100 gigabit per second speeds with fiber on demand. This evolution path also creates fallow upstream and downstream capacity for years, driving lower node spot capital. And by upgrading the actives and amplifiers and nodes and converting analog optics to digital, we lower our future operating and maintenance expenses all at a very low cost, much of which was funded from capital and operating cost savings over time. Unlike telco companies who prioritize more attractive footprints for their upgrades, our deployment is across our entire footprint. The cable industry is nearly ubiquitous deployment of a tremendous amount of spectrum to each home will provide the scaled platform for software and product developers to create new bandwidth-intensive, low latency, high compute services. This uniform deployment of network capabilities is what cable has always done to lead the development of new technologies into our networks at scale. And that unique approach is what has and will maintain our competitiveness into the future. So our network evolution is good for the communities we serve, and it's good for Charter. So far, the execution of this large physical upgrade has gone well, and capital costs are coming in on target. Excluding the benefit of any network savings, we continue to expect to spend $100 per passing. Our converged product offering also continues to evolve. Spectrum One is performing well in the marketplace. It offers the fastest connectivity and includes differentiated features like Mobile Speed Boost and Spectrum Mobile network, each of which run on our advanced WiFi product. Today, over 45% of our Internet customers have our advanced WiFi product, and over 75% of our mobile customers now attached to the Spectrum Mobile network outside of their homes, providing higher speeds with more reliability to customers with lower cost to Charter. Spectrum One also offers significant savings for customers with market-leading pricing at both promotion and retail. We're excited for the upcoming release of the Xumo product, which I believe will be an industry-leading platform for customers to access all of their linear and DTC video content with unified search and discovery. Together with our Spectrum TV app, the most viewed linear MVPD streaming service in the US, Xumo will be our go-to-market platform for new video sales. We're currently conducting field trials in the product, and we remain on track for deployment later this year. Our expansion initiative with subsidized rural construction is also on plan. Penetration gains in subsidized rural passings continues to grow at a better pace than planned. Charter is the largest and fastest-growing rural provider in the nation. Our scale and reputation as a rural builder positions us well for winning additional state and local funds, and we hope significant BEAD infrastructure funding. Although the rules and recommendations from NTIA on BEAD funding differ from successful programs currently deployed by the states in which we operate, we'll work with key stakeholders and government officials to reach a place where the rules are still conducive to private investment. And finally, we remain committed to the execution of our core operating strategy, which prioritizes customer experience and satisfaction, driving faster customer growth. We continue to see the benefits of our investments in training and tenure, including better employee retention, higher quality service transactions and better sales yields. Additionally, the increasing digitization of our customer service platforms will further reduce transactions. There's been a lot of discussion about what artificial intelligence and machine learning can do to improve products and business models. Charter already uses advanced analytics and machine learning in various stages and forms across sales, service and network operations. And we expect to continue our investments in AI, machine learning and digital service in ways that meet customers where and how they want to receive service and continually enhance tools for our sales and service employees to simplify their jobs. Ultimately, AI will improve both customer and employee satisfaction and enhance our operating efficiency by driving fewer physical service transactions, lower cost and lower churn for years to come. Our operating strategy is focused on running our business for long-term value creation for our shareholders, which includes two of the cable industry's most successful investors. Simply put, our operating strategy is founded on having great products, pricing and packaging that creates value for customers and is very difficult for competitors to replicate so that we get more products into each household and drive more penetration across the network, which lowers our cost to serve. And then combine that with investments in high-quality service, which also increases our competitiveness to acquire more customers. We have a great team here at Charter, and we're committed to disciplined execution and investment in this operating strategy, which we believe is good for customers, employees and the communities we serve and will drive significant long-term value creation for shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jessica.
Jessica Fischer: Thanks, Chris. Let's turn to our customer results on slide 6. Including residential and SMB, we added 77,000 Internet customers in the second quarter, versus 38,000 in the prior year period when excluding last year's Internet disconnects related to the transition from EBB to ACP. Video customers in the second quarter declined by $200,000 and wireline voice declined by 221,000, and we added 648,000 mobile lines. Internet churn remained near record lows for the second quarter and flat year-over-year. and Internet gross additions improved year-over-year. The year-over-year improvement in Internet net additions was driven by tailwinds from our rural construction initiative, the continued success of our Spectrum One product, better sales yields from higher tenured employees and a slower pace of fiber overbuild in our footprint during the quarter. Despite the year-over-year improvement in net adds, overall market activity remains well below pre-COVID level, partly driven by very low move rates. We also continue to see some impact from fixed wireless access competitors in the price-sensitive customer segment of residential and SMB. As Chris mentioned, our Spectrum Mobile product continued to perform well in the quarter. The majority of new lines continue to come from existing Internet customers, though the percentage of lines coming from new customers continued to increase and was higher than what we saw in the first quarter. Important from other carriers as a portion of our gross additions are essentially the same today as they were prior to the launch of Spectrum One despite much higher mobile sales. And with good usage on those promotional lines and unbeatable quality and value at a $30 retail price point, we expect the lines to perform well as long-term customers. Turning to rural, subsidized rural passings growth accelerated in the quarter with 68,000 passing activated and we continue to expect approximately 300,000 new subsidized rural passings this year. Additionally, costs are coming in as planned and we have the labor, equipment and supply necessary to execute our bills. We continue to bid on additional subsidies. In addition to RDOF, we've now won over $700 million in state subsidies for over 300,000 passings with a gross build cost of approximately $1.7 billion and a per passing cost to Charter net of subsidies of approximately $3,200. As Chris mentioned, we also look forward to the bidding process, assuming the right regulatory conditions. Moving to financial results, starting on slide 7. Over the last year, residential customers grew by 0.2%, with new customer growth driven by Internet, partly offset by video-only customer churn. Residential revenue per customer relationship declined by 0.3% year-over-year given a higher mix of non-video customers and growth of lower priced video packages within our base, partly offset by promotional rate step-ups, rate adjustments and the accelerated growth of Spectrum Mobile. As Slide 7 shows, residential revenue declined by 0.3% year-over-year. Turning to commercial. SMB revenue grew by 0.2% year-over-year, reflecting SMB customer growth of 1.7%, partly offset by lower monthly SMB revenue per customer, primarily due to a higher mix of lower-priced video packages and a lower number of voice lines per SMB customer. Enterprise revenue was up by 3.2% year-over-year. Enterprise PSUs grew by 6.2% year-over-year. And excluding all wholesale revenue, enterprise revenue grew by 7.2%. Second quarter advertising revenue declined by 16.5% year-over-year due to less political revenue. Core advertising revenue was down 3.5% year-over-year due to a more challenged advertising market partly offset by our growing advanced advertising capabilities. Other revenue grew 28.5% year-over-year driven by higher mobile device sales. And in total, consolidated second quarter revenue was up 0.5% year-over-year and up 1.1% year-over-year when excluding advertising. Moving to operating expense and adjusted EBITDA on Slide 8. In the second quarter, total operating expenses grew by $48 million or 0.6% year-over-year. Programming costs declined by 7.8% year-over-year due to a decline in video customers of 5.1% year-over-year, a higher mix of lighter video packages, partly offset by higher programming rates in the second half of '22 - by higher programming rates. In the second half of 2023, we now expect year-over-year growth in programming cost per video customer to be similar to the growth we saw in the first half of 2023. other cost of revenue increased by 15.4%, primarily driven by higher mobile device sales, other mobile direct costs and higher RSN costs driven by more Lakers games partly offset by lower ad sales costs. Cost to service customers increased by 3.6% year-over-year, driven by adjustments to job structure, pay and benefits to build a more skilled and longer tenured workforce, resulting in lower frontline employee attrition compared to 2022 and additional activity to support the accelerated growth of Spectrum Mobile, which is partly offset by productivity improvements, lower service transactions per customer and lower bad debt. As we mentioned last quarter, our employee attrition has declined more quickly than we expected given the programs we discussed at our December investor meeting. In response, we lowered our normal hiring in the first half of this year, and our overall headcount is now normalizing with increasing overall tenure and quality. Longer term, we continue to expect to see additional efficiencies in cost to service customers as a result of our continuing lower service transactions, service tenure and digital service investments, proactive maintenance, and network evolution investments. Sales and marketing costs grew by 3.6%, primarily driven by higher staffing across sales channels and the accelerated growth of Spectrum Mobile and other expenses declined by 0.4%, driven by favorability in insurance expense, mostly offset by higher labor costs. Adjusted EBITDA grew by 0.2% year-over-year in the quarter. Turning to net income on Slide 9. We generated $1.2 billion of net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the second quarter, down from $1.5 billion last year with higher adjusted EBITDA more than offset by additional interest expense. Turning to Slide 10. Capital expenditures totaled $2.8 billion in the second quarter, above last year's second quarter spend of $2.2 billion. The increase was primarily driven by higher spend on line extensions, which totaled $1.1 billion in the second quarter of 2023 and compared to $693 million in the second quarter of 2022. The increase in line extension was driven by Charter's subsidized rural construction initiative and continued network expansion across residential and commercial greenfield and market selling opportunity. Second quarter capital expenditures, excluding line extensions, totaled $1.8 billion compared to $1.5 billion in the second quarter of 2022. We spent more on upgrade rebuild primarily due to our network evolution initiative, and support capital was higher primarily due to investments in information technology system. For the full year, we continue to expect capital expenditures, excluding line extensions to be between $6.5 billion and $6.8 billion. Following the expected completion of our network evolution initiative at the end of 2025 or the beginning of 2026, capital expenditures, excluding line extensions as a percentage of revenue, should decline to below 2022 levels and continue to decline thereafter. And we expect 2023 line extension capital expenditures to reach approximately $4 billion. We continue to expect 2024 and 2025 line extension CapEx to look similar to our outlook for 2023 at approximately $4 billion per year. And our 2024 and 2025 line extension capital expenditure expectations assume we win funding for or otherwise commit to additional rural spending, including BEAD. As Slide 11 shows, we generated $668 million of consolidated free cash flow this quarter versus $1.7 billion in the second quarter of last year. The decline was driven by higher CapEx and mostly driven by our network expansion and network evolution initiatives and higher cash taxes as we became a full federal cash taxpayer in 2023. We finished the quarter with $97.8 billion in debt principal. Our current run rate annualized cash interest is $5.1 billion. And as of the end of the second quarter, our ratio of net debt to last 12-month adjusted EBITDA was 4.47 times. We intend to stay at or just below the high end of our 4 times to 4.5 times target leverage range. During the quarter, we repurchased 1.1 million Charter shares in Charter Holdings common units, totaling about $400 million at an average price of $341 per share. While our goal is to grow the business in the long-term, our focus on execution is driving operating leverage in the business even now. When you take the noise from political ads - when you take out the noise from political advertising, EBITDA grew by 1.3% year-over-year in the quarter, which means that we were more efficient despite significant mobile growth and a onetime step-up in labor investments. And we believe our financials will improve as we move later into the year with additional revenue growth in Internet and mobile that will begin showing in Q4 and lower service cost per customer as we realize the 10-year benefits of our investment in employees and lap last year's labor step up. Longer-term, we also expect to see continuing benefits in operating expenses from further digitization, network improvements, and benefits of programs like proactive maintenance. We're well poised for the future. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. Good morning. I guess two questions. Maybe first, I think you guys will start to lap Spectrum One later this year, and it will probably be one of the first indications for all of us externally to sort of see the promotional roll-off activity and sort of the impact on churn, if any. I don't know if you could just maybe talk about what we should be expecting or how you guys are approaching that or what your expectations are as you go through that sort of first wave of promotional roll off. And then, I know we don't typically talk about video on these calls, but you guys have a lot going on there. And I was just wondering if you could spend a minute talking about sort of your strategy with Xumo and also the new sort of RSNs changes you've made? And just anything we should be thinking about in terms of the implications of this strategy on your financials, whether there's set-top box revenues we should be thinking about or capital intensity coming down, et cetera. Obviously, these are kind of big changes to a part of the business that we don't tend to spend a lot of time on. So I wanted to get your thoughts there. Thank you very much.
Chris Winfrey: Sure. Hi Ben, there's actually a lot in there. So on Spectrum One, we started - we launched Spectrum One at the beginning of October last year. And so you'll have the beginning anniversary dates start occurring then. The usage on these is high. And if you think through the comments in Jessica's prepared remarks, these are really good customers. And when you put the Internet WiFi and mobile together, you can't get that product, you can't get that quality and you can't get that pricing anywhere else inside the marketplace. And even if you just take a look at it as mobile stand-alone, at $30, at retail pricing, that's unmatchable. And to have that with the fastest mobile product in the marketplace, I don't see any reason to think that we're going to have difficulty managing through those roll-offs. Now that doesn't mean that you'll have to evaluate and make sure that you're poised to handle and address customer questions, but I think it sticks. We'll also have quietly in the marketplace this time last year, beginning in late July and through August. We did do some testing. So we'll have the opportunity as we go through the course of this quarter to perfect any reactions that we have from customers in small scale along the way. And so I think we're well set up to do that always have. And so I think we're in a good position. Could we have a small amount of turn potentially, but I don't think it's going to be material given the quality and the value that we're providing in and I think we found something that sticks. I don't know that Spectrum One will be permanently our end-state convergence and seamless connectivity, branding and platform. It's working well today, but we're going to continue to try things in the marketplace because I think we have a technology and a structure and capability that none of our competitors can really replicate in the marketplace. And I think that product and seamless connectivity will stick, and I think the value is very tied to customers. On video strategy, there hasn't been a fundamental change in our video strategy. We're losing the least amount of video customers of any of our peers or competitors. The reason that we've been able to do that is for two reasons. One is that we have flexibility, and we've tried to use that wisely in a way that is valuable to consumers to create products, pricing and packaging that will stick. And secondly, I think we have a high-quality video product as you think about our capabilities. If you want live TV, if you want DVR video on demand, if you want expanded basic, which is the majority of what we sell, or you want smaller packages, if you want that inside the home, outside the home across multiple devices, Cloud DVR, no set-top box, Roku, Apple TV or on your iPad all of those things exist. And there's not many providers who can provide that breadth of content and that level of functionality across the marketplace. The product is good and is designed for the vast majority of people in the marketplace. The issue has been price. And the fact that programmers have required us to take and provide content that customers may not necessarily watch or value and at the same time, increase the pricing. And so as we've talked about in the past, you've priced out a large number of customers out of the marketplace through that strategy by the programmers. And at the same time, they've gone around and sold that same content at a lower price in a less secure environment. So they've devalued the same content, and that creates a structural problem for the business. We've always thought that if we had the ability to create packages and we had better security in the marketplace of the content that these programmers have that we could sell more video and that would be good, obviously, for customers. Itd be good for the program is ultimately and it would be better for us. But that will take a fair amount of leadership in the programming space to be able to get to that environment. What we found in the RSNs, which was the part of the question that you asked is that prior to Diamond entering into a restructuring environment, we had already created the capacity to have significant flexibility with our packages. And we've achieved that across the RSN space for the vast majority of the country, and we're rolling out versions of our select expanded basic with and without RSNs. We'll be doing that shortly, which does exactly what I just described. And it enables us to have a lower cost video packages for those who are not interested in RSNs because we have that flexibility. And I think as a result, we'll sell more video. And then if you think about the deal that we just did or announced in ourselves, as an RSN ourselves with the Dodgers and Lakers we took our own medicine. We increased the flexibility to an affiliate dramatically. And at the same time, we announced that we would launch eventually a direct-to-consumer app, but not just in the marketplace, but it will be available to all affiliates, including DIRECTV and including to our own customers. We think that's a model, both having flexibility as well as access to the DTC for the affiliates that could have some legs going forward and create packages that are valuable to consumers and actually allow us to sell more video. Xumo suggested about that really is an extension of what we've been doing already. Two-thirds of our video sales today are without a set-top box, meaning they're going on to Roku, Apple TV, Samsung TV or other platforms. And the concept around Xumo was to, through a joint venture with Comcast, have an ownership in an independent entity, which is Xumo that provides better functionality and exist for customers today where they can integrate all of their DTC SVOD and linear services in a single place with unified search and discovery with a voice remote. And so that will be our platform of choice to deliver to our video subscriptions going forward. And ultimately, I expect us to provide that to some broadband customers over time as well. And that will be good for Xumo as an independent platform, but I also think it provides functionality to our connectivity customers and we can provide the level of video services to our customers through our connectivity packages. So the financial implications of that and this will be an attractively priced box for customers as well as for us. I don't expect any material change to our capital expenditure outlook as a result of that. We've already been on a path where the equipment revenue that we've historically had through from set-top boxes has been on decline. So this kind of continues that path. So I think the financial implications are not that material.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. And that being said, I mean, the margin from the video product has been sort of - has shrunk over time. And our position has been that we're not willing to lose money in video. And so we believe the product is valuable for our customers. We're continuing to seek out ways that we can continue to provide those products in the way that people want, but to do it while still generating some financial return and whether that's in the form of set-top box revenue or in the way that we package the product overall, ultimately, we're continuing to try to sort of defend having margin in that business.
Chris Winfrey: Look, the video platform adds value to our connectivity services on a stand-alone basis. We're at or near the point of indifference. But we're committed to trying to find a path forward for video because we think it's a good product. We think it adds values to customers. And if we can have the flexibility to package and price it the right way, we think it's good for customers and it's good for us. And ultimately, it's much better for programmers over time as opposed to having the cord cutting continue to accelerate at the pace it's going.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks. Operator, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Phil Cusick with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Phil Cusick: Thanks guys. A couple. Nice margin in the quarter. Jessica, you mentioned headcount. Can you remind us of the expected trend in costs in the second half of the year and into 2024? How will those be impacted by rural initiatives and that headcount sort of normalizing? And then can you talk about the cadence of CapEx for the balance of the year and into 2024, so all-encompassing that line extensions and regular way business? Thank you.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. So first, on the expense side, I gave some outlook in the first quarter investor call during the Q&A regarding cost to service expense and sales and marketing expense growth and that really - that outlook hasn't changed. I think we'll have a difficult comp in other expense in Q3 because there were lower corporate costs in the third quarter. But aside from that, I think what we have said already continues to be true about the trajectory on the expense side. In terms of capital expenditures and timing across the year, our rural construction initiative now, I would say, is spending at a more consistent pace than has been the history of the business. And so I think you saw it was somewhat more CapEx loaded into the front half of the year this year relative to our outlook for the entire year than what you would often see in a year. I would expect because that rural build sort of has to continue at a pace over time that you will see that greater level of consistency in CapEx across the quarters, with maybe less back-end loading into Q4 than what you've seen in other than what you've seen us do in the past. And I would expect that as well as we continue sort of into next year. The pace of the build on the network evolution and the overall activity, we'll just keep a base level of CapEx in the business that might have been - that might have had more of a seasonal trend previously.
Phil Cusick: Thanks, Jessica
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Phil. Shall we. Well take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from John Hodulik, UBS.
John Hodulik: Thanks. Two questions for you. First, could you comment on the recent price increase? I think it's $5 increase on high-speed data. First, is that across the whole base? Maybe if you could compare it to sort of previous price increases? And do you think it's sort of enough to get the revenue per customer back into the black. So that's sort of number one. And number two, you guys over-indexed to the ACP program. Is there any way you could size that for us in terms of how large it is within the base talk about the strategy a little bit. And as we sort of go through that process, does that over time, potentially become a headwind for you guys in terms of broadband growth? Thanks.
Jessica Fischer: So the price adjustment in August is a $5 retail Internet increase for flagship and above customers, but it's coupled with a new auto pay discount of $5, so customers who are currently on Auto Pay or who opt into Auto Pay won't see a change in their overall price for Internet. There's a lot going on in ARPU. If we move into Q3, we'll fully lap the April 2022 rate adjustment, which included pass-through of video programming expenses. You'll have that August price adjustment and similar to recent trends, I mean when you talk about there being the reduction in ARPU on a per customer basis. It's really the headwind from the lighter mix of non-video customers and lower-priced video tiers that's driving that. And that obviously, I think, continues going forward. If you move into Q4, you'll start to see the Spectrum on promotional roll off. And have sort of the continuance of the other factors that I talked about. But that will be partially offset by lapping the November 2022 Internet-only rate adjustment. So I think that we've had fairly consistent growth in ARPU. If you look at the Internet ARPU growth. And I think, ultimately, our strategy is never to sort of grow the business just based on price. We aim to have competitive prices and to have good penetration because of that on our footprint. But that doesn't mean that we're sort of immune to the inflation impact and that where it's appropriate, we don't take adjustments in the market, which I think is what we've tried to do, but try to do it in a way that's prudent and consistent with our overall strategy.
Chris Winfrey: John, I think Jessica said it, but the $5 would not apply to anybody who's already on promotion, it only be a retail and it would to the extent that somebody is or it comes on auto pay, that won't pass through. So it's not that material in the end. On ACP, the - on ACP our strategy is to respond to the governmental request from the White House FCC and Congress of using this program. And we've been - I think, the most successful at doing that of providing a way for new customers to get into broadband or in the local income space as well as for existing customers to be able to stay in the broadband space through times of affordability issues, meaning the coming in and out of the market through nonpay churn. And we've been very successful doing that at the request of the government, and it's worked very well for those customers. I do think that there's some questions around it being renewed. It has bipartisan support. And so we're hopeful that it will be renewed. I think it's been a very good and successful program. And so it's brought in some new customers, particularly early on through EBB and ACP, and we've been able to also have existing customers benefit from staying in broadband through that program. To the extent that it went away, many of these customers were existing broadband customers and both for new and existing customers plus you. The - for new and existing customers. We have programs. We've always had programs like Spectrum Internet Assist and low-income programs that we can accommodate in dealing with that at the back end. I'm hopeful that's not the case and that it gets renewed because I do think it's a successful program.
John Hodulik: Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, John. We'll take our next question, shall we please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Jonathan Chaplin with New Street. Your line is open.
Jonathan Chaplin: Great, thanks, guys. I wonder if you can just stick with the ARPU theme for a second. It looks like ARPU in 2Q was a little bit lower than we expected maybe you didn't get the - as much of a benefit from the November price increase as we thought you would - or again, as Jessica said, there's a lot going on in ARPU. Maybe it's a function of how the bundled discount for Spectrum One is allocated across the different products. If you can give us some sort of some insight into drivers of ARPU in 2Q, that would be really helpful. And then Jessica, I think you mentioned during the call during your prepared remarks, the benefit that you're seeing in broadband from Spectrum. But I just missed the comment. If you can give us some more context on the pull-through effect you're seeing and how you think that progresses the longer that Spectrum One is in the market, that would be really helpful as well. Thank you.
Jessica Fischer: Jonathan, on the ARPU point, we did continue, I guess, in the year-over-year, you have the offsetting impact of having lapped last year's rate adjustments and with what you talked about, which is that you had the price adjustments that we made earlier in the year, offset by some gap allocation of the discount related to the Spectrum One offer. I think you have all the components, right? And that is the sum of what's happening in ARPU in this quarter. That it does
Chris Winfrey: I think there's also a fallacy in trying to oversimplify it, too. There's a tremendous amount of activity that's taken place in the course of the year and the course of the quarter with acquisition, retention, bundle allocations, rate increases in the past, rate increases in the more current period, there's a very complicated model that goes there. In the end, it was 2.5%, I think, ARPU growth in Internet year-over-year despite some of the allocation differences. And given the fact that we're growing and taking share in both - in all parts of our footprint, I think the - we're really pleased with that mix and that outcome. And if we can accelerate particularly the growth, as we get through later part of this year, I think we'd be very happy with that. On - tied to that, your second question, Jonathan, was Spectrum One and pull-through - the point that was being made is that a higher portion of our Mobile is coming from new customer connects through Spectrum One, and that is very promising. Still the majority of our Mobile and extra coming through existing customers, but the portion of which is coming through new connects is increasing, which means that it's having an effect in the marketplace. The real key for us is to be able to educate customers about what seems connectivity is, what gigabit wireless can provide. It's in essence a new category, and that takes time to resonate, which is why I said, in Spectrum One is our first iteration of convergence and seamless connectivity, and it's going well. And I think that bodes well for Internet. And I think it bodes well for Mobile, and it bodes well for Convergence for us overtime.
Jonathan Chaplin: And Chris, do you expect that percentage to continue to increase? Is this sort of building momentum in terms of the benefit it has for broadband subs, do you think?
Chris Winfrey: Yes. But I also expect the Mobile attach rate to our existing Internet customers to increase too, because it's resonating not just for new customers, but for existing customers. And so you have benefits all around.
Jonathan Chaplin: Great. Thanks, guys.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Jonathan. Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brett Feldman: Yes, two questions. Thanks. One of the topics that have been discussed a lot so far this earnings season is that seasonality in the broadband business appears to be much more muted than we've seen previously. I'm curious for your take on it and how you're thinking about the significance of seasonal dynamics as you look into the remainder of the year. And then, just you noted that cash taxes were up a lot year-on-year, as you've transitioned to being a full cash taxpayer. I was hoping you could maybe give us some insight as to how to think about the way cash taxes are likely to trend over the course of any given year. I think historically, 2Q tends to be a high watermark, but I'm not sure, if there are nuances in terms of what we should be expecting for Charter? Thank you.
Jessica Fischer: On the seasonality side, market activity, including move activity continues to be quite low. And because of that, it's really difficult to predict what we might see in terms of seasonality going forward. We really think that the drivers inside of this Q2 or some of other factors, which include tailwinds from our overall construction initiative, the continued success of Spectrum One, the performance of the sales force, particularly higher sales yields and the slower pace of fiber overbuild that we saw. And so I would think more about those and sort of less about the seasonal patterns as you try to interpret what happened with our Q2 results. Your second question was.
Brett Feldman: Cash taxes.
Jessica Fischer: Cash taxes. Thank you. On cash taxes, there are two payments inside of Q2. And so Q2 is the natural high watermark for the cash tax payments, and I think you should anticipate that our total cash taxes are consistent with the guidance that we've previously given, and that those payments are - those remaining payments are spread between Q3 and Q4. There's - you don't have that same phenomenon of the two cash tax payments in any other quarter.
Brett Feldman: Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Brett. Operator. We'll take our next question please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson.
Craig Moffett: Hi. Thank you. I'm sure you guys have heard T-Mobile's discussion of your wireless net adds that they tend to be more non-port than would be the industry norm. And I wonder, if you could just talk about the kind of customers you're acquiring, whether they're coming from prepaid predominantly, whether a lot of them are new to wireless, meaning kind of younger kids, anything that you can do that could share some insight into where your subscribers are coming from? And then, obviously, always my favorite topic, anything that you can discuss particularly now that you're not reporting wireless profitability anymore. Anything you can discuss about margins and the trajectory towards profitability from that business?
Chris Winfrey: Sure. So look, I'd start by saying that any time you have your competitors that continue to talk about you on their earnings call, I take that as a compliment. The second thing I would say is clearly, some of their data, they're not really good at producing it, and thats not accurate. The third thing I would say is that in Jessica's prepared remarks, she mentioned the level of port activity is at/or better than it was even prior to the Spectrum One launch. So we're - we feel very good that these are not only good and high-quality customers, the majority of which are broadband customers today. So they've resembled the marketplace and the product is very attractive, it's selling in very well, and it's going to stick very well. And we look forward to seeing that develop over the next few quarters. On the mobile margin, you had done some work at your conference, I mentioned that if we thought your work was wrong, we would have let you know. And so that hasn't changed. And that was based off of some of the Verizon's disclosure as opposed to ours. Right now, we have a significant amount of customer acquisition, and so we have the cost of acquiring those customers and we have the cost of operating those customers. And we don't always have the full revenue attached to those customers just yet, and that will start to occur beginning in October and just grow from there. So the overall profitability of the mobile product, if it were a stand-alone product, which is not, is good. It's very good. And - but it's not - it's also at the same time, I want to be careful not to be dragged into it. It's never how we thought about that product. It's really an extension of our broadband product and seamless connectivity and a broadband product that none of our competitors can deploy ubiquitously across their footprint. And so you got to think about the broader profitability. But if it were a standalone product, the profitability is good, and our expectations have continued to move in that direction.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. The other thing I would point out in our December Investor Day, we showed the progress that we had made in the profitability, excluding customer acquisition costs. And I pointed out then that some of that progress was made because of - that that progress was not dependent on what you were paying in MVNO costs that on our side, we had work to do and that we were still doing and driving down the cost to serve our mobile customers. And that actually has been very successful through the first part of this year. And I think in terms of what we're thinking about in cost to serve per mobile customer that actually is coming down in a way that we expected it to. And I think as we continue to scale up the mobile business, have longer-tenured customers there as well as to improve our service activity that we'll continue to gain efficiency on the expense side for our internal expenses and drive additional profitability to the business that way as well.
Craig Moffett: Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks, Greg.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Greg. Operator, we'll take our next question please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Vijay Jayant with Evercore. Your line is open.
Vijay Jayant: Thanks. I just want to talk about seasonality, obviously, Chris sort of suggesting we didn't see the same sort of seasonal impact in 2Q in terms of college and/or snowbirds and so forth. So can you help us think about - is that really changed? And does that mean that 3Q and 4Q that we see sort of reversals may not be as pronounced? Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: Let me - Jessica I answered this before, and so let me just add, I guess, some additional color to it. The - of course, we still had college disconnects, and we had snowbirds effect as well coming out of Florida. It's just the level of activity is a bit more muted compared to what it was pre-COVID. And what we've seen over the past couple of years is the visibility for us and it appears for everybody, has been a lot less around seasonals in Q2 and Q3 than it was pre-pandemic. So I think we want to be careful about how far we get ahead of our skis and letting people look out to Q3 and say that they'll be the pre-pandemic. I think the point that Jessica was trying to make is seasonality aside, the underlying trends are very good through Spectrum One through the rural construction build our competitiveness. And I'll come back to the fiber overbuild that's at a slower pace. But even in the areas that have fiber, which is in some sense, a larger amount of fiber than it had been in the past, we're performing better in those markets than we did even just a year ago. And so we feel good about seasonality aside the underlying trends. And I guess since we're on point, its everybody wants to hear if we haven't said it already, our goal is still to have higher net adds this year than it was last year. And so instead of focusing on quarters, we'd like to focus on just the overall trajectory and the long-term trend and it's good.
Vijay Jayant: Thanks Chris.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks Vijay. Shelby, we'll take our next question please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Bryan Kraft: Hi, good morning. I had two questions, if I could. First, and I apologize if you said this and I missed it, but I was wondering if you could talk about the contribution to broadband net adds from the rural line extensions and RDOFs? And then secondly, would you mind just giving us an update on your CBRS efforts? And also as part of that, I wanted to ask a hypothetical question. If portfolio of the fallow spectrum from low band through mid and high bands were available either through auction or acquisition. Is that something at this point that Charter would consider either alone or with a partner? Or is the current course still the much preferred strategy? thank you.
Chris Winfrey: Hi Bryan, it was in the materials subsidized rural construction is 26,000 Internet net adds inside the quarter. On CBRS, we are at a full commercial launch inside of a market today, and it is going well and on that basis and making sure that the handover times which are working very well right now, continue to perform like that at scale. Then we'll set the next year are the basis for our broader CBRS rollout. It's - I don't want to spook people either that we're going to be very focused on deploying that CBRS where there's a high and fast ROI. We have a number of other accretive projects that are going on right now through network evolution and expansion. And so we're very cognizant of the overall CapEx build. But we're going to build that in a measured way across our footprint, fully deployed the CBRS and the markets that we've acquired over time. But we're going to do it in a way that's very targeted and it generates fast returns. Your third question was around portfolio spectrum. I can't imagine why you're asking that. But forecasting. But we have a very strategic, good perpetual MVNO relationship with Verizon. And the economics as everybody knows, are very good. And that means - and combine that with what we were just talking about before. The ability through better and better WiFi and through CBRS over time to have the vast majority of the traffic continue and increasingly be over our network with faster speeds, means that we have the ability to lease the macro cell towers at an attractive rate and not be in the business directly of having to continue to build those towers, densify those towers and acquire additional spectrum. And I think it's a capital-light model that really works well for us. And I think it's a model that, as you can see, has worked very well for Verizon, our partner as well. So I think it's symbiotic. And I would never say never. We'll always take a look at things as they come up, but we haven't felt the need to be in the macro cell tower construction densification and Spectrum acquisition business at scale.
Bryan Kraft: Great, thank you, Chris.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Brian. We'll take our last question from Michael Rollins. Go ahead, operator, sorry.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Michael Rollins with Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Rollins: Thanks and Good morning. I was just curious to follow up on just the mobile discussion with a couple of questions on some of the segments. So in - one of the comments is that 11% of internet customers are taking mobile, which would infer almost two lines per account. Just curious if you're starting to see more of a shift to multiline and family plan adoption of your mobile services and if there's a significant opportunity to take up the number of lines per account over time. And then on the SMB side, are there some opportunities to accelerate the mobile gains there where they've been running at about 15,000 to 20,000 per quarter. Thanks.
Chris Winfrey: So Michael, you're right. The opportunity for us to continue to increase the lines per customer is high. As you know, certain customers have multiple lines inside the household that are on different EIP plans and time lines. And so our success has been using the high value and high speeds that we have in the mobile product to acquire as many lines upfront in the household. And then over time, the opportunities to upgrade those other lines that are on different cascading EIP time lines. So that's working well and the opportunity is to continue to grow, not just penetration of mobile broadband customers, but to add new seamless connectivity customers through spectrum on but also to increase the number of lines per household, which, as you know, increases the stickiness of the product over time. It increases the over value that we provide because of the significant savings. The second question you asked is on SMB, and I think we're doing a good job there, but I think we can continue to do even better over time. And I think it's still early days in the SMB space, but we can add value there the same way that we do in residential and attack the space.
Michael Rolls: Thanks.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Michael. That concludes our call. Operator, back to you.
Chris Winfrey: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-28 12:45:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Charter Communications First Quarter 2023 Investor Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Stefan Anniger. Please go ahead.
Stefan Anninger: Good morning and welcome to Charters first quarter 2023 investor call. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com, under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K and also our 10-Q filed this morning. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call. However, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect managements current view only and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements or to make additional forward-looking statements in the future. During the course of todays call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures, as defined by Charter, may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. Please also note that all growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise specified. On todays call, we have Chris Winfrey, our President and CEO; Tom Rutledge, our Executive Chairman; and Jessica Fischer, our CFO. With that, lets turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks, Stefan. During the first quarter, we added 76,000 Internet customers with contributions from our Spectrum One offering and our rural construction initiative. We continue to operate in a low transaction environment and yet we added 686,000 Spectrum Mobile lines. At the end of the first quarter, we had 6 million total mobile lines. Just over 10% of our Internet customers now have mobile service and we expect mobile penetration to meaningfully grow over the next several years and our increasing convergence capabilities will contribute to Internet growth. We grew revenue and EBITDA by 3.4% and 2.6% respectively during the first quarter and our capital expenditures reflect progress on our key initiatives. This is a very unique time for the cable industry with generational opportunities across our three key initiatives, each of which is designed to drive customer growth and long-term cash flow growth. The first initiative is evolution, which includes the most significant spectrum enhancement to the cable network since the late 1990s at a very low cost. Network evolution also includes the convergence of our connectivity products. Second is the largest expansion of our footprint since the 1980s, bringing broadband to unserved and underserved areas. And finally, execution, which is all about investing in and delivering great service. I will provide a brief update on these initiatives. Our network evolution plan is progressing well. We have now completed the physical work for high split in two midsized markets. We increased the network capacity to 1.2 gigahertz, which is equivalent to the acquisition of 400 megahertz of spectrum. We also allocated more spectrum for upstream use. In these markets, we are now capable of delivering 2 x 1 gigabit per second service and we are launching the same CMTS based 1.2 gigahertz high split to an additional 6 markets. These DMAs represent about 15% of our footprint. In parallel, we are preparing the second step of our network evolution plan, which will cover about 50% of our footprint and which adds the deployment of distributed access architecture, allowing us to deliver 5 x 1 gigabit per second speeds. Step three of our network evolution plan covers about 35% of our footprint and should begin in late 2024. That step adds a further expansion of our network to 1.8 gigahertz. We expect our network evolution initiative will be essentially complete by the end of 2025 at the previously noted $100 per passing target, excluding the benefit of any network savings, which will come. Our converged product offering also continues to evolve. Spectrum One is performing well in the marketplace. It offers the fastest connectivity and includes differentiated features like Mobile Speed Boost and spoke to Spectrum Mobile network each of which run on our advanced WiFi product. Today, over 40% of our residential Internet customers have our advanced WiFi product, which just last month, we also launched to the SMB marketplace. Over 70% of our customers or mobile customers now use the Spectrum Mobile network outside of their homes. Spectrum One also offers significant savings for customers in both promotional and retail pricing. So, our opportunity in converged connectivity in mobile is very large. We particularly like our ability to mix the lease economics of our 5G MVNO for the 10% to 15% of the time that our mobile customers dont have access to our faster Spectrum Mobile network. We have a strategic partner in Verizon and we are a meaningful contributor to active lines on this network and its financials. And when we look at the pricing and the usage of fixed wireless access disclosed by T-Mobile, its clear that the MVNO price we pay per gigabyte is dramatically better than the economics mobile operators achieve with fixed wireless access offerings. In the expansion category, our plans are on track. During the quarter, we activated 44,000 subsidized rural passings. Subsidized rural passings growth is accelerating with 20,000 subsidized rural passings activated in March. Costs are coming in as planned and we have the labor, the equipment and the supply necessary to execute our build. If we get the pull permit support we need, we can complete our RDOF commitments 2 years ahead of the RDOF deadline. The pace of penetration gains in subsidized rule passings continues to exceed our expectations with 6-month penetrations at approximately 40%. And finally, we remain committed to the execution of our core operating strategy, which prioritizes customer experience and customer satisfaction, ultimately driving faster customer growth. Our proactive maintenance efforts are fundamentally changing the customer experience. And using telemetry, we can address service impairments before customers even know they exist, pulling forward service calls that otherwise would have occurred and preventing service-related disconnects. We expect the mix of proactive truck rolls will increase significantly in the coming years. We are also seeing the benefits of our investments in training and tenure faster than expected. Employee retention among our frontline service employees during the first quarter was the best I have ever seen. And while investments in our employees generate upfront expense, they ultimately deliver longer tenured employees, which produce higher quality transactions, fewer repeat transactions, lower average handle times and better sales yields. So, increasing tenure also allows for a greater amount of our network evolution project to be performed with our own employees, which will save money and increase the quality of the upgrade. Additionally, the increasing digitization of our service platforms, where we have invested significantly in machine learning and the precursors to AI will further reduce transactions. More to come on that in the future quarters, but the key point here is that the combination of longer employee tenure, network evolution benefits, the conversion of our video platform to IP and digital service investments, all create a long runway for us to continue to reduce service transactions, operating cost and churn, which increases customer satisfaction, customer lifetime value and our returns. So ultimately, we are focused on doing everything that a customer would want us to do, investing in the network to offer even faster speeds, providing seamless connectivity products not available elsewhere, then bringing that same seamless connectivity to markets that have never had broadband before and delivering better customer service by investing in digital service platforms and a more tenured, more qualified service employee, all while helping save customers significant money in an inflationary environment. So, our strategy is focused on delivering differentiated converged connectivity products that essentially improves peoples lives and creates value for shareholders. Now, I will turn the call over to Jessica.
Jessica Fischer: Thanks, Chris. Before discussing our first quarter results, I want to remind everyone that starting this quarter, we have made some changes to the way we report our P&L. First, we now include mobile service revenue in the residential and SMB revenue as appropriate and mobile equipment revenue is now reported in other revenue. On the expense side, we no longer report mobile expenses separately and those are now included in the applicable expense category. Ultimately, these changes better reflect the converged and integrated nature of our mobile business and our operations and offer structure. For additional information regarding these changes, please review Footnote A on Page 7 of the trending schedule we posted this morning. Now, lets turn to our customer results on Slide 5. Including residential and SMB, we added 76,000 Internet customers in the first quarter. Video customers declined by $241,000 partly driven by a programming expense increase passed through in January of this year. Wireline voice declined by $220,000 and we added a record 686,000 mobile lines. Although our Internet customer growth continued to be positive in the first quarter, market activity levels remain low. During the quarter, total churn was slightly higher than last year, but still near record lows and well below pre-pandemic levels. We have seen a small impact from fixed wireless access competitors in the price-sensitive customer segment. Generally speaking, however, these customers typically exhibit higher levels of churn regardless of competition. And given the issues with fixed wireless product feeds, as confirmed by third-parties and questions surrounding that products reliability and scalability, we expect fixed wireless customers to find their way back to us over time. We continue to drive very strong mobile growth with our high-quality, differentiated and attractively priced service. The majority of new lines continue to come from existing Internet customers, though the percentage of lines coming from acquisition has increased significantly since the introduction of our Spectrum One product. And as we mentioned last quarter, our converged customers have meaningfully lower Internet and customer relationship churn. As Chris mentioned, we also continue to perform well in rural areas. The new rural disclosures we issued today on Page 5 of our trending schedule show that we continue to see robust growth in rural passings. During the quarter, we activated 44,000 subsidized rural passings despite winters construction seasonality. Penetration of subsidized rural passings continues to exceed our original target and these rural customers are purchasing products beyond Internet, including mobile, video and wireline voice. Moving to financial results starting on Slide 6. Over the last year, residential customers were down slightly with new customer growth driven by Internet offset by video-only customer churn. Residential revenue per customer relationship grew by 2.5% with promotional rate step-ups, rate adjustments and the accelerated growth of Spectrum Mobile partly offset by a higher mix of non-video customers and growth of lower priced video packages within our base. As Slide 6 shows, residential revenue grew by 2.5% year-over-year. And as a reminder, starting this quarter, our residential revenue now includes mobile service revenue, which grew from $387 million in the first quarter of 2022 to $497 million in the first quarter of 2023. Turning to commercial. SMB revenue grew by 2% year-over-year, reflecting SMB customer growth of 2.4%. Enterprise revenue was up by 3.1% year-over-year. Enterprise PSUs grew by 4.9% year-over-year. And excluding all wholesale revenue, enterprise revenue grew by 7.3%. First quarter advertising revenue declined by 7.2% year-over-year due to less political revenue. Core ad revenue was down 2.1% year-over-year driven by lower local and national advertising revenue offset by our growing advanced advertising capabilities. Other revenue grew by 34% year-over-year primarily driven by higher mobile device sales and higher rural subsidies. In total, consolidated first quarter revenue was up 3.4% year-over-year. Looking to second quarter revenue growth, I would remind you that we will lap April 22 rate adjustments and face the headwind of strong political advertising revenue in the prior year. Moving to operating expenses and EBITDA on Slide 7, in the first quarter, total operating expenses grew by $316 million or 3.9% year-over-year. Programming costs declined by 6% year-over-year due to a decline in video customers of 5.2% year-over-year and a higher mix of lighter video packages partly offset by higher programming rates. Note that our first quarter programming costs included $50 million of favorable adjustments, which is similar in size to sports network rebates and other favorable adjustments we saw in the first quarter last year. Looking at the full year 2023, we continue to expect programming cost per video customer to be approximately flat year-over-year. Other cost of revenue increased by 19.9% primarily driven by higher mobile device sales and other mobile direct costs. Cost to service customers increased by 6.9% year-over-year driven by adjustments to job structure, pay and benefits to build a more skilled and longer tenured workforce, resulting in lower frontline employee attrition compared to 2022 and additional activity to support the accelerated growth of Spectrum Mobile. Partly offset by productivity improvements, as a result of the programs we discussed at our December investor meeting, our employee attrition declined more quickly than we had expected, which is allowing us to lower our normal hiring in the first half of this year and increase overall tenure and quality. Longer term, we continue to expect additional efficiencies and cost to service customers over time as a result of our continuing lower service transactions, service tenure and digital service investments, proactive maintenance, and network evolution investments. Sales and marketing costs grew by 7.6% primarily driven by higher staffing across sales channels and the accelerated growth of Spectrum Mobile and other expenses grew by 6.7% driven by higher labor costs. Adjusted EBITDA grew 2.6% year-over-year in the quarter. Turning to net income on Slide 8, we generated $1 billion of net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the first quarter, down from $1.2 billion last year with higher adjusted EBITDA more than offset by higher interest expense. Turning to Slide 9. Capital expenditures totaled $2.5 billion in the first quarter, above last years first quarter spend of $1.9 billion. The increase was primarily driven by higher spend on line extensions, which totaled $890 million in the first quarter of 2023 compared to $541 million in the prior quarter driven by Charters subsidized rural construction initiative and continued network expansion across residential and commercial greenfield and market fill-in opportunities. I would also note that in the first quarter we saw a sequential decline in total CapEx associated with our subsidized rural construction initiative as we purchased a significant amount of rural construction equipment inventory as supply chain issues improved in the fourth quarter. First quarter capital expenditures, excluding line extensions, totaled $1.6 billion compared to $1.3 billion in the first quarter of 2022. We spent more on upgrade rebuild given our network evolution initiative. Customer premise equipment, which includes installation costs, was higher year-over-year, and support capital was also up just given timing. Our expectations for full year 2023 capital expenditures have not changed in part, because the costs associated with our network evolution and rural construction initiatives are coming in as planned. For the full year, we continue to expect capital expenditures excluding line extensions to be between $6.5 billion and $6.8 billion. Following the expected completion of our network evolution initiative at the end of 2025 or the beginning of 2026, CapEx, excluding line extensions as a percentage of revenue, should decline to below 2022 levels and continue to decline thereafter. And we expect 2023 line extension and capital expenditures to reach approximately $4 billion. We continue to expect 2024 and 2025 line extension CapEx to look similar to our outlook for 2023 at approximately $4 billion per year. And our 2024 and 2025 line extension capital expenditure expectations assume that we win funding for or otherwise commit to additional rural spending. As Slide 10 shows, we generated $664 million of consolidated free cash flow this quarter versus $1.8 billion in the first quarter of last year. The decline was primarily driven by higher CapEx mostly driven by our network expansion and network evolution initiatives and an unfavorable change in working capital, excluding the impact of mobile devices, which was typical seasonality for the first quarter but larger than last year. The year-over-year headwind was partly driven by outgoing payments related to the larger inventory buildup in Q4 of 2022 that I just mentioned. For the full year, however, we expect the change in working capital, excluding the impact of mobile devices to be roughly neutral as our capital and payroll accruals should rise over the course of the year. Mobile device working capital will remain a headwind given the mismatch in timing between when we receive EIP payments and when we pay handset providers. Also, in the first quarter, we didnt make significant cash tax payments. And generally speaking, we make four federal cash tax payments a year with two quarterly payments made in the second quarter and one payment made in each of the third and fourth quarters. Were not changing our cash tax outlook that we provided on last quarters call and simply providing a bit more clarity on the timing of cash tax payments. We finished the quarter with $97.8 billion in debt principal. Our current run rate annualized cash interest is $5.1 billion. As of the end of the first quarter, our ratio of net debt to last 12-month adjusted EBITDA was 4.47x, and we intend to stay at or just below the high end of our 4 to 4.5x target leverage range. During the quarter, we repurchased 2.6 million Charter shares and Charter Holdings common units totaling about $1 billion at an average price of $375 per share. Charters bandwidth ridge 2-way network passes nearly 56 million homes and businesses with gigabit and converged services everywhere. And given the significant investments weve made in that network over a multiyear period, were now in a position to upgrade it further in both a cost-efficient and time-efficient manner to offer the fastest speeds and the most advanced telecommunication services in the country. Additionally, our scale and our capabilities are allowing us to rapidly expand that network, both to unserved and underserved areas through our rural construction initiative and to other high ROI expansion opportunities. Those initiatives, combined with our service-oriented operating strategy and prudent capital allocation, are poised to drive long-term customer growth, higher free cash flow and shareholder value. Operator, were now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much. If I could do one for Chris, one for Jessica, Chris, on the go-to-market strategy for wireless, Im just curious what percentage of the wireless lines being created by the 12-month promotion youre hoping will convert to full pay after the promotional period expires. I think as part of that, we think about whats the data usage, how is that tracking for the promotional wireless lines versus the non-promotional lines or how many of your gross adds are phone numbers being ported in versus creating new phone numbers. Just trying to understand the revenue opportunity from that promotion, I certainly get the retention benefits? And then Jessica, youre not really sure what youre willing to say, but when you think about your prior commentary about labor investments impacting both 1Q and 2Q, should we start to think about a little bit more margin expansion in the back half of the year? Or any comments youre willing to make on swing factors for margins the remainder of the year would be helpful. Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: So Doug, Ill start it off with the go-to-market on Spectrum One. We have two offers out there today. One is for acquisition of Freeline together with Internet and essentially, the other one is if you purchase the line to give the second one for free for an existing customer. Those customers are great customers that have good usage, and they are getting the fastest product in the country from a connectivity standpoint. And when  Ive said it before, but when the promotional period rolls off, they are going to have not only the fastest connectivity product, but they are going to have the best price in the marketplace as well at $29.99. That includes taxes and fees, contracts. So its a very, very attractive offer from a quality standpoint and from a pricing standpoint, not only at promotion but at retail. So our expectation is these are great customers. They are normal lines, and they are not going to be able to replicate the service or pricing that they are getting from us at retailer or promotion anywhere else in the marketplace. So our expectation is that it all sticks.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. I mean, Doug, we understand that there is some false market chatter. We should be clear on some other things. The majority of our gross adds are coming from paying lines. Less than 5% of our lines today are tablets, and those have the same rate plans as phones, and we dont include wearables in our numbers either. So the lines that were putting up are good lines.
Chris Winfrey: One other thing to add to that this is not a moment in time. We were talking about it before the call. Our intent here is to grow and to grow more and to continue the path that were on. So I think this is just the beginning, and were excited about what were doing, not just from a mobile perspective, but from an overall connectivity standpoint and the value that we can bring to customers both in qualitative product and save them a lot of money.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. To your question on margin and what happens in the second half of the year, the increases that you see both in sales and marketing expense and cost to serve right now and the year-over-year are really driven by strong mobile sales. But if you think about what happens to them for the rest of the year, in sales and marketing, if you look back at last year, 2Q 22 sales and marketing expense was sequentially lower than 1Q, which might put a little bit of pressure on the year-over-year comp in Q2. But the year-over-year growth rate of sales and marketing expense should moderate over the course of the second half of the year. We will have lapped our midyear 2022 staffing adjustments. And in Q4, we will lap the Spectrum One-related sales cost increase. Similarly, on the cost reserve side, I expect year-over-year growth in cost to serve to moderate in the second half of 2023, which I think is consistent with what we said before and end the year at growth levels that are more consistent with where we were  with where weve been previously, which is largely flat. So I do think that as we go through the year to  in line with what weve said, the business continues to become more efficient, and we continue to expect to be able to operate it more efficiently and generate and generate growth from them.
Chris Winfrey: And Id just add two quick things to that, Doug. One is on the cost side, if you think about all the OpEx and the CapEx investments that weve talked about, its really setting us up for a prolonged multiyear period of continuing lower cost to serve for customer relationship which will benefit our cash flow for years to come. But the other piece at the end of this year, if it ties back to your first question, we have a wall of good customers who are receiving a promotional rate today that are going to roll to a retail rate at $29.99 and stick. So you not only got the cost side that starts to lap the prior year investments, but you also have the revenue side that starts to kick in at the fourth quarter of this year, and that just gets better and better as we go.
Doug Mitchelson: Yes. Thank you both. And thanks for the rural disclosures as well.
Jessica Fischer: Thanks, Doug.
Tom Rutledge: Thanks, Doug. Katy, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks, good morning. I guess for either of you, just wanted to hear more about the kind of process of accelerating those rural build-outs. I think you talked about  I think it was March relative to the full first quarter. Is this the kind of  is it a simple  I mean not simple, but is it better weather allows for greater and faster construction? Just what are the puts and takes of getting that number even higher as we move through the rest of spring, summer through the year? And I think you put too fine of a point on it, but does the 6-month clock that you guys talk about start when homes are activated? I just want to make sure I got sort of the definitions around activated and marketed to, etcetera. So, just trying to get a sense of the rollout for the rest of this year? Thanks.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks, Ben. The point you made about the seasonality with winter is right. In my prepared remarks, I mentioned in March, it was that it was much higher in terms of the already coming out of the back end. The full year target is 300,000 subs rural builds, and we intend to meet that were on plan to meet that. So from an internal planning perspective, were right on where we need to be  if you have to keep in mind that we  a lot of our build is taking place in places like Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin. In January and February, there is a little bit harder to get around. Whether youre going on poles or whether youre going underground, its a little harder in that environment. So nothing that we havent expected and already coming out the back end, were picking up. The  unless there is a more technical for Jessica, the  its from activation that we start the clock for 0 to 6 months. So once the plant is constructed and its opened up for marketing, thats the T minus zero, so to speak.
Ben Swinburne: Got it. Okay.
Jessica Fischer: The way its being reported in the new trending schedule details. So youre getting those passings in sort of  in the reporting as the 6-month clock starts.
Ben Swinburne: Yes. And then just as a follow-up to Dougs question, and I dont like doing the battling earnings calls thing, but since it came up quite specifically last night on the T-Mobile call, these promotional lines, the additional lines youre adding, it sounds like those are lines being used and your expectation is as those roll to pay, those lines will continue to be lines. So I think they are  arguably these are not coming from anywhere. They are just being created. I just wanted to get your thoughts on that as you do roll to pay because its obviously a decent piece of your line count? Thanks.
Chris Winfrey: Look, I always find it strange when somebody tries to do your IR for you, but we had a great quarter. These are great adds. We said what we said, and they are going to stick because its high-quality product. Its the fastest in the market and it saves customers a ton of money. So beyond what weve already said, I think we will leave it at that and continue to grow our line counts and we will do our own IR. Thank you.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you, Chris.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks.
Tom Rutledge: Thanks, Ben. Katy, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from John Hodulik with UBS. Your line is now open.
John Hodulik: Great. Thanks. And again, thanks for the rural disclosure. So it looks like if you pulled out the rural adds, you guys added about 50,000 subs. Just anything you can talk about in the core markets. If you could talk about what youre seeing sort of incrementally from a competitive standpoint, again, the fixed wireless guys are talking about bringing on more capacity and expanding into new markets. Does that become more of an issue as they rollout? And then you talked about this deployment of high split infrastructure. Would you expect to see better trends in those markets as you sort of turn on that service and improve, say, upstream capacity sort of along the way. So should we expect it to be something of an iterative process or where things get better as the infrastructure gets more competitive? Thanks.
Chris Winfrey: Hey, John, so the  in the trending schedule, youll see that the subsidized rural customers that were added inside the quarter were 17,000, which means the bulk of our net adds came from our existing footprint. So were competing very well across the entire market. That includes both where we have existing  certainly existing fiber overbuild as well as where there is new fiber overbuild, and were competing and more than holding our own in that footprint. We saw a little bit of softness, both in the gross adds and to a lesser extent, really on churn, but mostly in gross adds. Interestingly, the non-gigabit overbuild area because its the first time that somebody has had an alternative, and so fixed wireless access in that marketplace seems like an interesting alternative until people find out ultimately that the throughput and the capabilities arent the same as the broadband that we provide. So were competing very well across all markets, just to be very clear, but thats the dynamics that were seeing inside the legacy footprint. The passings that were building that are subsidized rebuild, not only do we expect to have continuing improving performance spectrum, one of the legacy footprint but the passings that were building from a rural standpoint just continue to get larger and would be a larger contributor to our growth over time. On high split, were enhancing the spectrum availability of our network, which improves contention on the upstream as well as higher both downstream and upstream capabilities, which gives us marketing claims in the marketplace. But it also signals to competitors that were  they are not going to have that marketing clean with us. And so the upstream is helpful, but I think its more at this stage to have a significant marketing claim in the marketplace and we get a fair amount of network benefits from a quality standpoint in the actual network. And so we will get payback from both of those, both from competitiveness as well as essentially reduced truck roll and reduced node splits over time as well from what were doing.
John Hodulik: Got it. If I could just follow-up or, is the goal is still to have higher adds this year than versus last year? Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: It is our goal to have higher net additions in Internet this year than we did last year.
John Hodulik: Got it.
Tom Rutledge: Thanks, John. Thanks a lot. Katy, will take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Phil Cusick with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Phil Cusick: Hi, guys. Thank you. Chris, I have to tell you its a lot more fun from our side when companies do someone elses IR. So dont be shy.
Chris Winfrey: We wont step into that rut.
Phil Cusick: Alright. First to follow-up on Jon. Jessica, you spoke in March about broadband activity through the quarter. Anything you can add about that? And any thoughts you have on sort of typical 2Q seasonality or anything different? And then in video, I understand a lot of video decline has been fewer broadband ads to connect to. But are you also seeing an acceleration in disconnects? And what percent of the base is now on these lower-cost packages? Thank you.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. So Phil, talking about going into Q2. Q2 is always a seasonally more difficult quarter. But in terms of trends, we did continue to see what I sort of had said in  at the end of February, and that I think that our trends looked a little better across coming in and in March than they had in February, which was better than January. And we continue to see that now with the context of Q2 being kind of what it is. So I think that we continue to think that the things look pretty good or at least better than it was previously on that front.
Chris Winfrey: So Ill take the video. There is a pretty clear correlation to when weve taken rate increases either on video or even a more recent increase that we had on the Internet. So there is a downgrade element that takes place at the point of programming pass-through, which weve had to do because of where the programmers have been. And I also think in addition to that, because the point-of-sale discussion with the customer has been focused on Internet and mobile, the length of that conversation is a little longer. And I think there are things that we can do to have a better attach rate to a video at the point of sale now and certainly in the future, as we think about the rollout of Xumo towards the back half of this year. Its a very compelling product. Its very simple. Its straightforward. It has a tremendous amount of utility towards customers for both their OTT as well as any live video viewing and subscriptions that they have. As Ive said it before, its the platform that Id like to have on all of my TVs. And I think its going to be very attractive to customers and I think it has the opportunity to really improve our trajectory on video as well in a profitable way.
Phil Cusick: Will Xumo be reported as a regular video sub or you will have a different category for that?
Chris Winfrey: We havent gotten through all the reporting definitions yet, but I think the right way to think about it is to the extent the customer takes a video service from Charter, then it would be reported as a video PSU. And to the extent its just a platform that we are distributing that our customers can use as connectivity plus customers, then likely, its just going to be a Xumo unit and it will be an added benefit to our existing connectivity relationship. But I reserve the right to take that out loud together with Jessica over time. But I think thats the more natural way it will go.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. And as we get closer to the rollout, we will try to provide some additional information on where we think that, that will land.
Phil Cusick: Thanks again.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks Phil.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks Phil. Katy, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Peter Supino with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Peter Supino: Good morning. Thank you. On the subject of your truly gaudy mobile results, could you discuss the evolution of device promotions as part of your mobile strategy and whether we should be modeling use of cash for device promotions in the future?
Chris Winfrey: Sure. I think the device business and thats not why we got into mobile. And we got into mobile to provide the fastest connectivity service and to save customers money on their monthly overall connectivity service and to bring convergence, a product that doesnt really exist anywhere, but Charter and cable generally today. So, never say never but we dont see a need, and we dont have any plans to be aggressively into the subsidy business from a device standpoint. We dont need to because we provide significant value, best fees, the best product and the best amount of savings already with what we are  our go-to-market strategy today.
Peter Supino: Thanks Chris.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks Peter. Katy, we will take our next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Jonathan Chaplin with New Street. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thanks guys. Two questions. The early work that we have done on suggests the returns in those markets could be phenomenal, potentially double what you guys may be seeing in RDOF markets if the full subsidy is awarded. I am wondering if you can help size what the opportunity could be. I think you got like roughly 20% of the RDOF opportunity? Could it be something of that magnitude of the BEAD opportunity? And then as we total up broadband ads in the industry, it looks like there has been a bit of a slowdown for the overall industry this quarter. I am wondering if you have got any context for what might be driving that. Is it just a pull forward of growth from COVID from the sort of period of higher growth during COVID, or is there something else going on? Thanks.
Chris Winfrey: So, I would start first saying the RDOF returns that we have are extremely attractive. And then that we are really pleased with what we are doing, both on RDOF as well as the other state brands that were coming out of some of the ARPA and other COVID funds. And thats been highly successful. On BEAD, its really too early to tell. We have been very successful where we have gone into different subsidy, RFPs simply because we are aggressive and because we are the most experienced rural builder in the entire country. So, when we go tell a Local, State or Federal government that we are going to build, and we are going to build within a certain timeline, we have probably the most  not probably, we have the most credibility because we are the largest rural provider. Today, we the largest rural builder and we have won awards for the success and the quality of what we do. And we have the ability not just to bring broadband into these rural communities, but we have the ability to save customers, significant amounts of money on their already high mobile builds as well as bring video into these places. So, its not just a single play Internet. We bring a whole suite of connectivity services that save customers money. We have been successful and so  both economically as well as from a quality standpoint, our success rate is high and our credibility is very good. But in terms of what we win in BEAD, its certainly, its factored into some of our outlook on CapEx, but time will tell how successful we can really be on that front. But I am bullish I think we are going to do well.
Jessica Fischer: The thing that I would add to that is that, Jonathan, we have a very disciplined sort of practice now and how we bid for these offerings. And so we are very comfortable with our ability to price the passings with our ability to then bid for an appropriate amount of subsidy against that and then to go on the back end and execute against building the passings in a way thats cost-effective and that generates the returns that we set out for. So, there is a hypothetical math exercise that you can do to try to get to what we would win. But what I would be clear about is what we win we will win at good returns, and we will execute it on the back end and bring those returns back into the company.
Chris Winfrey: Yes. We have great visibility to our cost. We have supply and labor equipment all lined up, and we know what it costs in each of these different markets already. So, our experience to-date is really going to bode well for giving us confidence in what we bid on. On the overall broadband market, I do think that there continues to be the headwind of all the COVID volume that was pulled forward in the broadband market and in combination of just a lower transaction, lower moving environment. And so I think the entire market is still suffering from that as a little bit as well as a small swing back into wireless substitution. So, we are seeing some of that as well. Housing starts also been down, so that clearly contributes into this as well, and all of which I think is temporary in nature. The difficulty that I think if you hear from the entire industry is when is it going to come back to normal and none of us really have a crystal ball. But I think if I listen to what others are saying or including our peers, we all  there is no reason to think that we dont get back into the normalized market environment. Its just become very difficult to predict exactly when that happens. In the meantime, we compete well. We are growing both in legacy markets as well as obviously in our new build area. And through a combination of market normalization as well as a very large pipeline of un-served rural passings that we are constructing, the opportunity for growth in Internet as well as in mobile is very good for us.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks Jonathan. Katy, we will take our next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Your line is now open.
Craig Moffett: Hi. Thank you. I wonder if you could talk a little bit about wireless margins, Jessica. You shared one more quarter of wireless results. And I think its  while I sort of get that the remarkable pace of subscriber growth means customer acquisition cost is very high, it also leaves  it leaves sort of to the imagination how the business will actually scale over time. So, anything you could share with us about underlying wireless margins or customer lifetime values of wireless subscribers? And in particular, what traffic you might offload and how that might affect it going forward would be very helpful? Thank you.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. So Craig, I think back in December, we actually gave where we are in terms of margin in the business exclude  income in the business, excluding customer acquisition costs. And we showed there that if we run it as a  if we ran it as a standalone business which we dont but that we would make good margins in the business. We certainly have work that you have been doing trying to use some of the financial information available out there to back into costs. Obviously, I am not going to comment on exactly what those were, but you might have heard from us if we thought that you were materially incorrect on them  or from someone else for that matter. Its important, though, to step back and think about, we dont run the wireless business just for margin in the wireless business. We run our entire business to generate the most cash flow on  the most cash flow per passing that we can across the network. And that means that you have to have more customers, which means you have to price at a value, and it means that you have to generate more money per customer, and we believe in doing that by adding services to the customer, which we do by adding wireless to our current broadband, video and voice customer base. And we also are seeing that there is benefits to having those products bundled together, not just in the form of driving better pricing for our customers, which we will do, but in the form of reducing churn and ultimately, we think also increasing what we can do in terms of customer acquisition across both the broadband and the wireless product as they become sort of a converged connectivity experience. So, we are really confident in our ability to continue to have a financial benefit from the wireless business going forward because of the value that it adds to what we can provide to the customer and the resulting increased cash flow that we get on a customer-by-customer basis when those customers take more products from us, including the wireless product.
Chris Winfrey: Craig, on the traffic offload, I mentioned in the prepared remarks that we have now deployed spectrum mobile network to all capable devices, which is our advanced WiFi service, and thats in 40% of our residential customers. We have now begun to launch that advanced WiFi service and Spectrum Mobile network to SMB as well. So, up until this point, the vast majority of the traffic offload has been inside of an existing customers household and hasnt given the ability for them to do significant amounts of offload outside the household and special local network really over the course of the past four months or five months is accelerating that ability to have traffic offload. And thats prior to us fully deploying CBRS, which we intend to do. And we are already live in one large market. Its going very well. So, whereas I think we had publicly said that we had 15% of our usage was through the lease of the 5G MVNO network. Thats now decreasing already pretty quickly. And so the 85% that was on our network before is now moving up to 87%, just in a matter of months, and that will continue to increase over time as we deploy more Spectrum Mobile network through advanced WiFi as well as CBRS over time. And so its attractive today, and it will continue to be more attractive. And the profitability and the cash flow today is really tied up in the subscriber acquisition cost.
Craig Moffett: Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks Craig. Katy, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Jessica Ehrlich with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Jessica Ehrlich: Thank you. Two questions. One on mobile pricing longer term, I mean do you think this is similar to broadband when you guys entered the market decades ago at a significant discount to telecom and then grew it over time as your share grew? So, just kind of how you are thinking about it longer term? And then second on Xumo, can you remind us what the timing of the rollout is? But also on advertising, can you compare it to linear? Like, how are you thinking about it in terms of inventory load, CPMs? I mean, it seems like you will have a lot more data.
Chris Winfrey: So, I will take the  you may need to come  circle back and remind us what your question was on the broadband. I wasnt sure I completely followed it. I think it was had the corollaries to mobile. But on Xumo, back half of this year, we havent announced a month the progress of the Xumo team, its going very well. The product looks great. And so we expect to be deployed  fully deployed as Charter at the end of this year. The advertising business will come through several places. One is live video where you can think of that as connected TV CPMs. We have that today. We have the largest spectrum. We have the largest app delivery of essentially a virtual MVPD of anybody in the country because of the way that our app is used. And so we monetize through higher CPMs of connected TV spots today that will be amplified through the Xumo platform. And then in addition to that, Xumo will have its share similar to any other connected TV platform of advertising and subscription revenue. And some of those advertising spots will be conveyed to the affiliate, which in this case would be us. And so we expect to participate both as an equity holder in Xumo and its advertising revenue model as well as a way to amplify our own existing advertising revenue streams that we have today.
Jessica Fischer: On the longer term question on mobile pricing and sort of where we go there, I think the most important thing to  for us to worry about right now is that we are trying to take share in that market and to take share. We are priced to take share. And while we are doing that, we are still able to make good margins on that product. And so I dont think that there is some sort of long-term pricing game to think about right now. Our  what we are really thinking about is what we do to take share in the market to provide mobile service to more of our customers, the fastest and best priced in the industry, and to use that to generate cash flow for the business.
Chris Winfrey: Longer term, if you think about it, there is two ways to think about it, just to pontificate. One is, is mobile really a product, or is it just an attribute of our connectivity service. And over time is their ability to create an entirely new category of seamless connectivity. Today, mobile lines are sold at an individual level and broadband sold at a household level. Today, they are sitting on two separate bills. And I am not sure that either of those need to be true in the future. It could be a single product that none of our competitors have, and none of our competitors have a path to replicate. So, thats one way of thinking about it. Another is instead of thinking about it as broadband is to think about it as a corollary is to think about it what we did in the telephone space, the wireline telephone space, where we used it as a significant way to  for a prolonged period of time to save customers a significant amount of money and drive connectivity and other products that we had by saving the money through an over-the-top product where we had a better mouse trap. And we didnt have a bunch of high-priced legacy revenue that we had to worry about. We could be aggressive in the marketplace. And I think those notions, they go hand-in-hand. We have talked about Spectrum One and how that may evolve over time in terms of we may try different ways to go to market that could include pricing, packaging, billing to really create potentially a brand-new category in the space.
Jessica Ehrlich: Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks Jessica. Operator, we will take our last question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question will come from Michael Rollins with Citi. Your line is now open.
Michael Rollins: Thanks and good morning. Two topics. First, I was curious if you could share more details on the activity you are seeing in the business segment, any changes in behavior of your customers since the beginning of the year? And if this macro backdrop is having any specific impact for Charter, positive or negative, on how its been performing? And then just one other on the ACP, just curious how many ACP subscribers that Charter currently has and how this program is contributing to the broadband performance?
Chris Winfrey: Michael, I will take those. In the business, its different between SMB and enterprise. Honestly, SMB is a little bit soft right now. We are still growing. You can see that in our numbers. But the SMB space has been a little soft. I dont think we are alone in seeing that. And I also think that fixed wireless access may be selling cheap, low-quality residential products into a lower portion of the SMB space. Its  we see some evidence of that. I think thats temporary. As it relates to enterprise, we are doing very well in enterprise, the retail side. Clearly, we have ongoing cell tower backhaul revenue pressure. But in the retail space for enterprise, whether its fiber Internet access, Ethernet, our managed services, our UCaaS services, we are actually doing very well. It takes a while to activate sales, but I think we had our best sales quarter ever in Q1 pre-activation. So, the enterprise space is doing well and expect the retail piece to continue to grow well and to actually to accelerate. On ACP, we are not going to get into specific numbers other than to say  its a big program for the government. Its important to the government, and we have been very active in deploying ACP at their request. Its been very successful. The vast majority of the customers we have were already existing customers who are now benefiting from that benefit. And we are  we believe, the largest ACP participant. And we are hopeful that the government continues to renew that program over time because we think its a good program and its been important, and its a good benefit in the marketplace.
Michael Rollins: Thanks.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks Michael. Back to you Katy.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Stefan Anninger for any closing remarks.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks everyone and we will see you next quarter.
Chris Winfrey: Thank you.
Jessica Fischer: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays event. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to Charter Communications' Fourth Quarter 2022 Investor Call. [Operator Instructions]  I will now turn the call over to Stefan Anninger. Sir, please begin.
Stefan Anninger: Good morning, and welcome to Charter's fourth quarter 2022 investor call. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com, under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K filed this morning. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call. However, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect management's current view only, and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements or to make additional forward-looking statements in the future. During the course of today's call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures, as defined by Charter, may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. Please also note that all growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise specified. On today's call, we have Chris Winfrey, our CEO; Tom Rutledge, our Executive Chairman; and Jessica Fischer, our CFO. With that, let's turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher Winfrey: Thanks, Stefan. We continued to execute well within a challenging market backdrop in 2022, and we remain excited about the industry's future and Charter's in particular. We added over 340,000 Internet customers in 2022 despite the previous pandemic pull forward and a low activity environment. We also continued to see very strong mobile line growth, with full year line in net additions of over 1.7 million. As of the end of 2022, we had 5.3 million total mobile lines. So we're growing mobile lines fast even in a low volume environment by saving customers hundreds and often thousands of dollars per year. That growth creates value for Charter and supports broadband growth. For the full year, we grew our consolidated revenue by 4.5% and our adjusted EBITDA by close to 5%. The planned December management transition with Tom moving to Executive Chairman is also going very well, and I'm pleased Tom will join us in today's Q&A. In 2023, in the coming years, we remain primarily focused on three broadband initiatives: evolution, expansion and execution. Each of these initiatives is designed to drive customer growth and long-term cash flow growth. Starting with evolution. Already in 2023 and over the next three years, we will evolve our network to ubiquitously offer symmetrical and multi-gigabit speeds. We'll deploy these new speed offerings at a much faster pace and at a much cheaper cost than our competitors, just $100 per passing. And we'll maintain our marketing speed claims. We're also evolving our go-to-market approach with increasing convergence. We recently launched Spectrum One, which combines our Internet, advanced WiFi and mobile products for the fastest seamless connectivity. During the fourth quarter, we saw continued sell-in of mobile to our large Internet base, and our Spectrum One converged offering helped drive our strongest quarter yet for mobile lines. The potential for mobile to be a significant driver of new Internet sales is still largely untapped as we educate nonsubscribers of the Spectrum One value proposition. With nearly 5.3 million lines created over a four-year period, it is clear that our converged customers have meaningfully lower Internet and customer relationship churn. And while some of that churn benefit may be self-selection, mobile drives better churn and ultimately, acquisitions for Charter. Our second area of focus is the expansion of our footprint. Line extension construction is an important part of our 2023 growth plan and beyond and offers good growth and returns to visibility. We hope to complete our RDOF build ahead of the original commitment, and that faster completion is good for our returns, the communities where we build, obviously, and it creates credibility for future subsidized builds and option value for future growth. As we also mentioned in December, we've been successful in winning a number of other state and local grants in 2022 and expect the same in 2023. And we expect, assuming a reasonable regulatory framework, to participate in the $42.5 billion BEAD program. The initial results of our rural construction initiative have been very promising. We constructed over 200,000 new rural passings in 2022, and penetration of passings open at least six months is ahead of our expectations at about 40%. Over time, we expect our rural construction initiative to be a significant contributor to our customer growth with attractive mid- to high-teen internal rates of return. And finally, we remain focused on executing on our core operating strategy, all to further improve customer experience, raise customer satisfaction and drive customer growth. We're doing that in a number of ways, including the continued digitization of our customer service model in ways that enhance the customer experience, accelerating our proactive maintenance initiative to address service issues before customers even see an impairment and investing in training and tenure for our employees to continue to improve our service and sales capabilities. Longer tenure leads to better execution with higher sales, lower service transactions, lower churn and more products per customer over time. So we have a large growth opportunity in front of us through network evolution, convergence and continued operational execution and a very unique opportunity to expand our footprint. We have a successful operating model to address the opportunities in front of us. It's the same strategy that we've deployed for years. It's about having the fastest connectivity and products and pricing and packaging that's difficult for customers to replicate, and putting that all together so that we provide more product into the household, more penetration across our passings and then marrying that with high-quality service with fewer service transactions and lower churn. That all drives higher long-term recurring cash flow. We then take that sustainable cash flow model and put it together with an innovative capital structure and a disciplined approach to ROI-driven capital allocation between organic investment expansion and/or M&A and buybacks, and you get Charter. So we have a great path in front of us to deliver long-term shareholder value creation, which means delivering for our customers, employees and local communities. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jessica.
Jessica Fischer: Thanks, Chris. Before getting started, I want to remind you that we will be making a couple of changes to our reporting beginning next quarter. First, as we noted in our investor meeting in December, we'll include mobile service revenue in residential and SMB revenue as appropriate. We will no longer report mobile expenses separately, and both of these changes better reflect the converged and integrated nature of our mobile business and our operations and our offer structure. Second, we will provide additional line extension capital and rural disclosures. And finally, I want to note that while our fourth quarter results contain some modest impacts from Hurricane Ian, the overall impact of the hurricane on our financials and customer numbers was very small and doesn't warrant separate disclosure. Let's turn to our customer results on Slide 5. Including residential and SMB, we added 105,000 Internet customers in the fourth quarter and added 344,000 over the last 12 months. Video customers declined by 144,000 in the fourth quarter. Wireline voice declined by 233,000 and we added a record 615,000 mobile lines. For the full year, we added 1.7 million mobile lines. Although our Internet customer growth continued to be positive in the fourth quarter, activity levels remain low. During the quarter, we saw both lower Internet churn and lower Internet connects than in the fourth quarters of 2021, 2020 and 2019. Total churn, voluntary churn and non-plate churn were all lower year-over-year, and we're at all-time lows for the fourth quarter. Move return remains well below pre-pandemic levels, which also reduces our selling opportunity. Gross additions remain down across the footprint by similar amounts in overbuild and non-overbuild areas, similar to what we've seen in the past few quarters. In terms of competitive impact, some of the lower gross additions we see probably relate to DSL conversion going to a new entrant, fixed wireless, instead of coming to us. But given the issues with fixed wireless, product reliability and scalability, we expect those customers to find their way to us over the long term. In addition, we've seen a slightly higher pace of fiber overbuild recently. And I would also note that we've seen a small amount of market share return to mobile-only service over the past several quarters, the reversal of some COVID effects. Despite these challenges with lower market activity, our Spectrum One product is working. We remain in the early stages of offering converged packages of products and refinement to our approach continues, but we're very pleased with the results. Moving to financial results, starting on Slide 6. Over the last year, residential customers grew by 0.2% year-over-year. Residential revenue per customer relationship was flat year-over-year, with promotional rate step-ups and rate adjustments, offset by a higher mix of non-video customers and a higher mix of lower-priced video packages within our base. Also keep in mind that our residential revenue and ARPU does not reflect any mobile revenue, although that will change next quarter when we make the reporting adjustments I discussed a moment ago. In addition, we're allocating a portion of Spectrum One-related customer revenue from Internet to mobile revenue under GAAP. As Slide 6 shows, total residential revenue grew by 0.4% year-over-year. Turning to commercial. SMB revenue grew by 2.4% year-over-year, reflecting SMB customer growth of 3%. Enterprise revenue was up by 4.9% year-over-year. And excluding wholesale revenue, enterprise revenue grew by 9.1%, and enterprise PSUs grew by 4.4% year-over-year. Fourth quarter advertising revenue grew by 25% year-over-year, primarily driven by political revenue. Core ad revenue was down by 3%, with lower national and local advertising revenue, driven by the softening ad market, offset by our growing advanced advertising capabilities. Mobile revenue totaled $876 million, with $401 million of that revenue being device revenue. Other revenue grew by 4.9% year-over-year, mostly driven by higher rural construction initiatives subsidies, partly offset by lower processing fees and lower video CPE sold to customers. In total, consolidated fourth quarter revenue was up 3.5% year-over-year and up 4.5% for the full year 2022. Moving to operating expenses and adjusted EBITDA on Slide 7. In Q4, total operating expenses grew by $359 million or 4.6% year-over-year. Programming costs declined by 3.3% year-over-year due to a decline in video customers year-over-year, and a higher mix of lighter video packages, partly offset by higher programming rates. Looking at the full year 2023, we expect programming cost per video customer to be approximately flat year-over-year. Regulatory connectivity and produced content declined by 5.3%, primarily driven by lower regulatory and franchise fees and lower video CPE sold to customers. Cost to service customers increased by 5.8% year-over-year, driven by higher labor costs, higher fuel and freight costs and higher bad debt, partly offset by productivity improvements. Excluding bad debt from both years, cost to service customers grew by 4.9%. And while bad debt was higher year-over-year, it remained below pre-COVID level. As we noted in our December investor meeting, we're making very targeted adjustments to job structure, pay and benefits and career paths inside of our operations teams in order to build an even higher skilled and more tenured workforce, which drove the higher labor costs. These adjustments will add some pressure year-over-year to cost to service customers expense growth in the first half of this year. But that year-over-year growth should moderate in the second half of 2023. And we continue to expect additional efficiencies in cost to service customers over time as a result of the continued digitization of service, productivity improvements and our network evolution investment.  Marketing expense grew by 6.9% year-over-year, primarily due to the higher staffing levels I mentioned and wages, which included targeted adjustments in our sales channels. Mobile expenses totaled $982 million and were comprised of mobile device costs tied to device revenue, customer acquisition and service and operating costs. And other expenses increased by 6.6%, primarily driven by higher labor costs and higher advertising sales expense related to higher political revenue. Adjusted EBITDA grew by 1.9% year-over-year in the quarter and 4.8% for the full year 2022. Turning to net income on Slide 8, we generated $1.2 billion of net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the fourth quarter compared to $1.6 billion in the fourth quarter of last year, with higher income tax and interest expense more than offsetting higher adjusted EBITDA. Turning to Slide 9. Capital expenditures totaled $2.9 billion in the fourth quarter and $9.4 billion for the full year 2022. Our total CapEx for the year reflects the timing of more accelerated equipment inventory receipts in December than expected. Fourth quarter capital spending of $2.9 billion rose above last year's fourth quarter spend of $2.1 billion, primarily driven by higher line extension spend driven by our rural construction initiative. Capital expenditures, excluding line extensions, increased from $1.6 billion in last year's fourth quarter to $2 billion this quarter, driven by investment in network evolution, higher customer premise equipment spend on advanced WiFi equipment and timing of spend. For the full year 2023, we continue to expect capital expenditures, excluding line extensions, to be between $6.5 billion and $6.8 billion. So excluding line extensions, we expect a small increase year-over-year in capital spend driven by the acceleration of network evolution spending and partly offset by declines in other areas. Following the expected completion of our network evolution initiative at the end of 2025 or the beginning of 2026, CapEx, excluding line extensions as a percentage of revenue, should decline to below 2022 level and continue to decline thereafter. Turning to line extensions. In 2023, we expect line extension capital expenditures to reach approximately $4 billion. We expect 2024 and 2025 line extension CapEx to look similar to our outlook for 2023 at approximately $4 billion per year. And our 2024 and 2025 line extension capital expenditure expectations, assume we win funding for or otherwise commit to additional rural spending. We also expect most BEAD money to begin to be appropriated in the 2024 timeframe with four-year build timelines from grants. At that time, we expect that our RDOF spend will begin to ramp down. We expect the BEAD program to present a unique and attractive opportunity for us to expand our network with subsidies, generating significant returns that solidly exceed our cost of capital. For our additional subsidized passings, we expect our net rural construction cost per passing to be closer to the roughly $3,000 per passing that we've incurred in our recent subsidized state and local builds than to our RDOF per passing costs. Our six-month penetration of passings in our newly built rural areas continues to be around 40%, and we expect penetrations in these areas to continue to grow. If you use the cost per passing that I mentioned a moment ago, a high broadband penetration assumption, which we think is reasonable, our current ARPU, excluding mobile, a high incremental margin based on low incremental overhead costs and a reasonable terminal multiple or perpetuity growth rate, you can clearly see the very attractive IRRs associated with our rural builds. Turning to Slide 10. We generated $1.1 billion of consolidated free cash flow this quarter versus $2.3 billion in the fourth quarter of last year. The decline was primarily driven by higher capital expenditures, mostly the result of our rural construction initiatives and by higher cash tax payments. For the full year, we generated $6.1 billion of free cash flow versus $8.7 billion in 2021. However, excluding cash taxes and our rural construction initiative, our full year free cash flow grew by 4%. We finished the quarter with $97.4 billion in debt principal. Our current run rate annualized cash interest is $5 billion. As of the end of the fourth quarter, our ratio of net debt to last 12-month adjusted EBITDA was 4.47x. We intend to stay at or just below the high end of our 4x to 4.5x target leverage range. During the quarter, we repurchased 3.6 million Charter shares and Charter Holdings common units totaling about $1.3 billion at an average price of $344 per share. For the full year, we repurchased 23.8 million Charter shares and Charter Holdings common units totaling approximately $11.7 billion. We have a proven operating balance sheet and capital allocation model that drives customer and financial growth and shareholder value. We've always prioritized investments that generate long-term growth, and those investments ultimately protect and extend our return of capital to shareholders. We continue to generate significant free cash flow and intend to both invest for long-term growth and simultaneously returned excess capital to shareholders in the form of buybacks. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Jonathan Chaplin with New Street.
Jonathan Chaplin : I'm wondering if you could give us a little bit more context around the strength we saw in wireless this quarter. How much of that is coming from selling into your existing base of customers versus new customers that you're bringing in the door? And really what I'm sort of trying to unpack is some way to kind of analyze the pull-through effect that the Spectrum One is having on broadband acquisition, separate from sort of the impact it has on lowering churn. And then you said that the opportunity for sort of driving this converged bundle is really untapped at this stage. Can you remind us of what penetration is of accounts with wireless at the moment? And where you think that could sort of potentially get to in the long term?
Christopher Winfrey : And on the second question, Jonathan, I don't have the exact in front of me, but it's 3 million relationships roughly that have mobile and take the residential base of, what, 28 million, I guess you got to take SMB together so 30. So that gives you a sense there. On the impact of Spectrum One, I think the potential here for acquisition remains the biggest opportunity in terms of driving Internet net adds. Our wireless net additions in the quarter were largely driven by existing Internet upgrades still. So 75%, 80% of the lines came from existing Internet customers upgrading, which means they're paying lines, maybe get the second line for free or the third line paid for the majority of those being paying lines, which means the inverse of that is that new connects are also attaching with mobile as well. Even new connects -- new Internet connects are connected with mobile as well, although we're in a low transaction environment, which means we have lower gross adds. So there's a mathematical opportunity to increase both our Internet net adds and our convergence with even more mobile line adds as the market picks up. But there's the bigger opportunity, which is as we continue to message into the marketplace, the value and the benefits of a converged product, which really across our footprint, we're the only provider who can have those claims and have that better product and have that what we call gig-powered wireless. I think the real opportunity for Spectrum One convergence and wireless is to have a meaningful impact over time on Internet net additions, but it's early on. And I think because it's a completely new category, it's going to take a little while to educate into the marketplace. And the bulk of our wireless gains today are still coming from existing Internet customer upgrades.
Jonathan Chaplin : Chris, do you have a sense of how many of the broadband adds you might not have got, but for the Spectrum One offer with wireless?
Christopher Winfrey : It's a tricky question because the customers are going in for a sale, and we're attaching global Internet at the same time. So I think the easier way to think about it is to think about our progression between Q3 and Q4 with a few caveats. One is there's always seasonality. Those are decent quarters typically in a year. The second caveat is that when you have a large amount of adds and a large amount of disconnects inside the business, which all of us do, that can create outsized variability and outsized conclusions on your net adds because of small -- a very small difference in your gross adds or a small difference in your churn can have an outsized impact on your net adds. Now as we hopefully return to a higher net add growth rate and that variability declines, but that mass still remains. So from a Q4 perspective, we still have low transaction volume for all the reasons that Jessica mentioned. And we had the other factors that Jessica mentioned, so people should go back to that. But the bridge between 75,000 roughly Internet net adds in Q3, we had a little more rural that was behind us, and Spectrum One was contributing as well. And I think both of those were contributors to the small uptick that we saw in Q4. The bigger issue we face, as we keep on saying, is just the lower transaction volume in the marketplace, means fewer selling opportunities -- which means fewer selling opportunities for Spectrum One and at the same time as we educate the marketplace on the benefits of that converged product.
Operator: Our next question will come from Vijay Jayant with Evercore ISI.
Vijay Jayant : A couple for Jessica. Just wanted to confirm that the 4 billion of line extension you're calling out for '24, '25, that's sort of the other limit, assuming that you win in BEAD and it could be potentially low? Is that sort of a budgeting sort of expectation just for clarification? And then given the higher sort of CapEx you have next few years, can you help us think about what it means on taxes? Is there sort of new shield that we can get from the build?
Jessica Fischer : Yes. So the $4 billion, Vijay, I do think that it's kind of a budgeting exercise, but it's our expectation, and it's on the higher end of our expectations. But it all matters how much we win and subsidized builds. And so it really is a matter of sort of what's available and what makes sense from an ROI perspective for us to spend and to try to get additional passings and generate additional returns. But I think the $4 billion is where we think that we will be based on our expectation of what will happen right now. So that's probably the way to think about that. On the cash tax, our cash tax liability is always dependent on a number of different variables. We're a full cash taxpayer now. We've previously given guidance on taxes. If you look back, I think, at what we said in Q4 of 2021, and there's more CapEx in the plan now, which generally should reduce that liability. But because you don't have 100% deductibility, you don't get 100% credit for that anymore. As a result, I would look back at that guidance. And we might be slightly above the percentages that we gave there, maybe 1% or 2% higher, but you can generally sort of look back to that to think about how to estimate cash tax.
Christopher Winfrey : So Vijay, on the rural build, clearly, we've disclosed what we've won so far on the state grants that primarily come out of ARPA and NTIA funds. The BEAD process is still in process. And so the rules have not been fully clarified. They need to be right in order for it to make sense for us to invest, and we think they will. But then once the maps are clarified, contested, then there will be grants given out to the states in terms of how the funds are distributed. And then the states will have their own process in terms of how they allocate that. So in some sense, our outlook here is really dependent on the rules that get set, the timing of the allocation to the state and then how the states distribute. And so we're trying to do our best to provide some outlook based on the best view that we have today. But a lot of that's not entirely in our hands, and we're going to do the best we can. And we'll continue to provide updates along the way to the extent that we have better information.
Stefan Anninger : Chelsea, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Craig Moffett with SVB MoffettNathanson.
Craig Moffett : Two questions, if I could. First, let's drill down on margins a little bit. I think it's hard for all of us to sort of make sense of the wireless margins given how fast the subscriber base is growing and therefore, how high customer acquisition costs might be. How should we think about -- particularly since we're not going to see it reported separately anymore, how should we think about the margin trajectory for wireless and therefore, the margin trajectory for the business overall as you go forward? And then just one more operating question. Can you just talk about the decision in your upgrade of your physical plant to not go all the way to symmetrical speeds, but to keep your downstream speeds higher than your upstream speeds?
Jessica Fischer : So Craig, on the margins question, I would tell you, first off, we wouldn't be willing to do the Spectrum One offer if we didn't have some space in margin. And so our margins in that business, if you exclude the subscriber acquisition costs, continue to be quite good. And they're getting better over time because we continue to drive down some of those business expenses on a per customer basis, things like the operating cost, what does it take to run billing and customer care. And actually, the reason that we're pushing those into our broader reporting is that we continue to integrate the business into our broader business. And so a lot of that activity we're dealing with a customer as one customer. And when you have a sales call, you're selling mobile and cable on the same call. When you have somebody call in with a question, you have agents who we'll be capable of dealing with both things. But I think the overall trajectory, we make margin on the customers today. We have offers in the mix that we're using to drive both mobile and broadband activity, but they work well for that. And I think we should think about them as being related to both that mobile and broadband activity. But we expect the margins to continue to grow. I think we gave some numbers in the presentation in December, and you can kind of see the trajectory that we're on there. I think that margin expansion continues when you think about the broader product.
Christopher Winfrey : I'll comment a little bit on the network question. And the -- so your question was whether the choice to not upgrade to symmetrical. Just as a reminder for everybody, the first 15% of the upgrade is going to be with DOCSIS 3.1 high split using integrated CMTS. That will give us 2 -- up to 2 by 1, 15% footprint. So if we can make that one by one, we could make that somewhere in between and make it symmetrical. But -- so we have the capabilities. It's just based on our assessment of where the market value is. 5 by 1 in the 50% of the footprint. And then what we think is a base case is 10 by 1, using 1.8 gigahertz DOCSIS 4.0 RPD in 35% of the footprint. Now -- the reason we're choosing that you can mix and match where you allocate your bandwidth based on what you think the customer demand, the marketing claims and the actual product and device capabilities are. So we have flexibility to make, for example, you can make a symmetrical speed of product out there, depending on where you set the split. And those options remain available to us. It's our view right now that the upstream demand today is much more of a marketing campaign as opposed to any real product demand. And we want to lead in those marketing claims, which is why we're doing what we're doing. We also have from a marketing claims perspective from a symmetrical that what we'll be deploying here allows a fiber drop in the -- as a remote OLT inside of the node. So that gives us marketing claims across the entire footprint for 25 symmetrical and over time, 50 or 100-gig symmetrical. Hard to imagine what, when and how that would ever be needed, but it gives us the opportunity to do that and market it at least in these communities to have that type of speed, not different from what we do with enterprise already today. So we have a lot of flexibility. That's what I think we really like about this plan. We can go fast. We can do it at a low cost. We can reset the up and downstream, and we can pivot where we need to go at a very attractive price. We can do it at a faster pace and a cheaper cost than all of our competitors and be out in front of any potential overbuild with a better product for the long term.
Thomas Rutledge : And Craig, this is Tom. I just want to add one thought to you the margin. The gross margin of the mobile business is actually a high-margin business. And it's improving with penetration, and it improves both at the gross level and the operating level. And relative to video, which is a low-margin business and declining, but has an impact on -- as the revenues decline in video has an impact on margin in a positive way, even more dramatically is the impact of the increased revenues that are coming in from mobile and the high margins associated with them. So the overall margin in the business is improving going forward.
Operator: Our next question will come from Phil Cusick with JPMorgan.
Philip Cusick : I wonder if, Chris -- two, if I can. One, Chris, can you just talk about the broadband market? Is penetration in your legacy footprint growing? And talk about the -- what you mentioned was incremental fiber competition and how that sort of evolves over time? And then second, Jessica, you gave a ton of detail on costs, and I appreciate it. Can you just quantify a little bit for us that increase in cost of service in the first half as well as the programming cost commentary, a lot of people wondering how are some programming numbers are flat in '23?
Christopher Winfrey : So Phil, let me parse the market a little bit in the broadband market. Clearly, in areas where we don't have a gig overlap, we are growing and continue to grow despite a low transaction volume marketplace. And despite some of the rollback to post-pandemic rollback to mobile-only that Jessica described. I don't think it will go all the way back, but we're all seeing a little bit of that taking place. So growing in that space. Typically in a gig overlap area, you have newly minted overbuild and you have existing overbuilt and existing overbuild we're growing and newly minted. You have a small setback upfront because you have just have a new competitor in the marketplace. And to the extent you have a higher amount of that, that mix impacts where you're going. In the fourth quarter, based on all the passings analysis that we look at, we actually grew despite that higher fiber overbuild inside of our footprint in the fourth quarter, we actually grew in that space despite the mix contribution of additional overbuild. So I think that's positive. And so that's -- it's small. And as you can tell through the net add numbers. But I think it's promising for the future, and that's even prior to having the benefit of additional marketing claims through the network evolution as well as having clearly the wind behind our sales over time of additional network expansion and the promise of having a fundamentally different and better product than any of our competitors can have through a converged offering that has gig powered wireless. So those initiatives, they won't happen inside of Q1 or Q2, but they'll continue to steadily increase and improve our position and ability to grow. The biggest one would be, if we can get market volume coming back, that would actually be the biggest contributor of growth more than any of the things that I just mentioned. I'd note as a tangential and somebody will ask it, and so I'll comment on it. We have not -- as we've talked about, we've not seen any demonstrable impact on our churn as it relates to fixed wireless access. And we think it could have had some impact on our gross adds, particularly on ads that we would have pulled from DSL. But when some pricing actions were taken in December, we saw for the first time a very limited impact on our voluntary term, but not where you would have expected it. It's actually in our non-gig overlap and in our MDU footprint where you have higher churn to customers, higher tendency to move around, higher tendency to non-pay. And so it was a -- maybe it's just a blip, but there's two linings to that. One is that, for the first time, we saw a small amount of churn related to that. And the flip side is those customers tend to be very mobile, if you will. And I think given the experience of that product even more so are used for the return of them coming back to a proper broadband product with or without convergence. So anyway, that's just food for thought around that. I hope that answers the question.
Jessica Fischer : So on your other two questions, in cost to serve, quarter-over-quarter growth in Q4 was 5.8%. I would expect Q1 to look more like -- to look a bit like that. And then for it to sort of the year-over-year growth to decrease across the year until you're more in line with the sort of growth trajectory that we've seen before, which is really largely flat. For programming per sub cost, the reason that they remain flat year-over-year that, that's our expectation, really has to do with customer mix and whether customers are taking sort of packages that have larger channel sets or more premiums or whether they continue to be priced out of those packages and come into some skinnier packages where the programming cost per sub is less. So it's a mix issue, certainly not an issue that programmers are no longer raising rates.
Philip Cusick : We used to talk about them.
Christopher Winfrey : Go ahead.
Philip Cusick : Sorry. No, I was just going to ask, do you have some room on -- we used to talk about the sort of small video package mix and how that might peak out at some point? Is that an issue anymore? Or can you kind of put people wherever you want in terms of packages?
Christopher Winfrey : Maybe we'll ham and egg this between Tom and myself. But I want to go into talking about what we have headroom, and we have the ability to still create packages that create value for consumers. Our philosophy has always been to give the customers what they want. And typically, they want more programming and try to do that the best price we can. And so -- also based on their capacity of their wallet. And so having some of these packages actually allows us to sell more video product, which is to the benefit of the programmers. And that's -- you can see it in the results that we have still losses, but it's a lot lower than losses than other people in the marketplace. And that's a result of our ability to drive video based on what the consumer wants and what they can pay, and sometimes those are in conflict. So I think the -- that model has worked. It will continue to work. But I also think it already for -- as we look to the video space in the future, programmers need to see what we're doing and say, given where we are and given what they're doing themselves with direct-to-consumer and OTC effectively unbundling themselves. But if we had that package flexibility further than we do today, I think we could actually solve some of the problem that exists in the video space and grow for the benefit of programmers, but it's difficult for them to get their heads around that.
Thomas Rutledge : It is. So I guess I'm ham or the egg, I'm not sure what you want me to be. We still have limitations on what we can do contractually, but we've been moving those limitations as we renew contracts. But the industry is structurally in a bad place from a video perspective, and you've got a really high-priced fat package with everything in it. And there are a lot of content companies whose pricing is a lot less and it separated out from that package can create a lot of value for consumers. But obviously, it's a different model. It requires different selling. And so we've been trying within those limitations to do what Chris said, which is to have the best product we can. But I would say that it's not a solved situation in terms of the way the marketplace is structured. And it's still structured in a way that continues to make video an expensive product for most consumers.
Christopher Winfrey : I think Xumo could help. That's the design. Xumo could help a lot with that. If you take the very best of the Comcast platform, including the voice remote and pair that up in our footprint with Spectrum TV app and live video with all the different packages that we have that can be tailored to consumers appetite as well as their budget and combined with what they're probably already paying through SVOD, DTC, et cetera, in a single platform that allows them to consumed the video product in a single place with unified search, discovery, voice remote, both live as well as all the other content they have. I think that's pretty powerful. And to the extent that we're able to continue to change the requirements that Tom talked about in our programming agreements, I think we can sell more.
Operator: Our next question will come from Kutgun Maral with RBC Capital Markets.
Kutgun Maral : I just wanted to follow up on the programming cost discussion, and then I had a quick housekeeping item on mobile, if I can. So on programming costs, the guide for it to be flat year-over-year is quite remarkable in many ways. Jessica, I know you just characterized it as a mix issue. I wanted to see if you're seeing an acceleration in subs taking these lighter packages or cord shaving overall.  And relatedly, you've been very vocal about the tensions with programmers for many years now. Is there anything else to call out in terms of Charter maybe taking a harder line with programmers and recent renegotiations, whether it's in terms of pricing or even carriage of certain networks overall? Or maybe again, we shouldn't read into it, and it's purely just a consumer mix shift issue?  And quickly, just a housekeeping question on wireless, as we all try to better understand the industry-wide postpaid phone trends, any chance you could help size how much of your 5.3 million mobile lines are phone versus tablets?
Christopher Winfrey : I don't have it in front of me that split on the 5.3 million, but the vast, vast majority, we're in the connectivity business, and so we're selling mobile service. And to the extent that a customer wants additional devices, of course, we have that and we make it available. But our view here is driving Internet both acquisition as well as Internet churn and to drive profitability, but having an overall higher ARPU and you get that through selling the mobile service combined with the broadband service. Maybe you start with programming and jump...
Jessica Fischer : Yes. To clarify, on the guidance, it's programming cost per sub that is flat year-over-year. And the mix shift is not that that significantly different from what we have seen previously. The base is smaller. And so as the base -- the mix of incoming customers does differ from the base, but the mix shift isn't -- it's not that substantially different.
Christopher Winfrey : In terms of position with programmers, Tom mentioned the margin issue that exists inside of video. And we've talked about the availability of that content really almost anywhere, in some cases, in many cases, for free because of piracy. We've been a long proponent Tom has been around the problems related to that. So I guess it's fair to say I don't know about harder line. It's just more indifferent about carriage of certain content at a higher increasing price when it's available all across the market at cheaper rates or even for free. And so that's not a harder line, that's just a reality of where we're at.  The two biggest issues inside of the content category continued to be retrans, which is over-the-air content, which we're forced to pass on as a significant cost to our customers. And the development of sports and the other channels are important and put into what I was just describing, but those are the two biggest drivers of cost increases to consumer.
Operator: Our next question will come from Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse.
Douglas Mitchelson : I think at the Analyst Day, it was suggested that broadband net adds would be better in 2023 than 2022, and that 2023 would have EBITDA growth. And so I'm just wondering, I think, Chris, on the broadband net add side, kind of what gives you confidence that 2023 could be better than 2022? And then I guess, jump all, but maybe for Jessica, on EBITDA, do I remember that right? The expectation is EBITDA growth in 2023? And I know you guys are in a fan of guidance, but any -- what are the swing factors that can impact that? And any thoughts on cadence if you're willing to offer would be helpful. And then -- sorry, just -- I'll ask it all at once. Chris, I'm just curious as a follow-up. You said the pricing action, it was maybe just a blip that it was like the first time. But you've -- when you've had pricing actions in the past, you've had churn, right? So I wasn't sure what was -- what you saw for the first time when you mentioned a blip in churn?
Christopher Winfrey : Yes. The 2023 broadband net adds, I said our goal is to have higher broadband net adds this year, and I think we will. The biggest variable that's out there is what's taking place in terms of market transaction volume, and that's the only one that gives me angst because it's the one you can't control. But we have a lot of things going in our favour, the -- starting with a lot of these initiatives that I've talked about. So clearly, with a bigger base of rural passings behind us and constructed increasing during the course of the year, I think the early -- small but early success of Spectrum One in driving Internet is only going to grow as that product takes hold. And I think the investments that we've made in our personnel, not to get too much into the weeds, but that labor cost increase that Jessica talked about, there are some pretty big actions that we took that were targeted. They were not peanut butter wage increases. They were targeted to drive an ROI, which means having longer-tenured employees who result in the sales force having better yields, selling better. And in the service infrastructure by having a longer tenure, they tend to do a better and faster job in addressing customer issues and avoid repeats, which not only reduces transactions, but reduces customer churn over time. And those benefits, because of where the labor market was for everybody last year, in order to get tenured investors the passage of time, but we've seen the lowest attrition rates at the back end of Q4 that I've seen in a very, very long time, if ever, in our service and sales functions. And I think that's going to -- that's a function of both the market as well as the investments that we've made. But ultimately, those investments collectively tie into both gross adds as well as to lower churn. And I'll go back to where I started, which is the biggest driver for us and the biggest uncertainty is market volume. But all else equal, that's our goal is to increase net adds this year.
Jessica Fischer : On the EBITDA side, as you said, we don't give EBITDA guidance, but certainly, we do expect growth in 2023. I think I drive it out of a few things. We have continued to have customer growth. I think we've talked about on the rate side. We have taken some small rate actions recently. And then we continue to believe that we have -- we continue to expect rates to be good across those customers. So driving revenue growth. I would remind you that we lapped last year's rate increases in April. So to your comment around timing, the second quarter is probably the space in which that's most challenged. But -- and then as Chris said, we've made these investments in tenure. We expect to gain better efficiencies both out of the tenure initiative, out of the continued digitization of the process that we have. We continue to improve in our operational efficiency, which drives sort of relative costs out of the business. And so I think we're pretty confident in generating that EBITDA growth year-over-year.
Christopher Winfrey : You mentioned pricing action and maybe there was some confusion there, but I'll start with what we've done. We -- our philosophy hasn't changed. We're focused on trying to provide competitive products at the best price in the market and best packaging so that we can grow faster. But given what's happened in the video space, we continue to pass through rate increases for the programming increases that we've seen. And if you look back to the middle of last year, you can see it pretty dramatic, given where the economy was and if you're on people's mind, we did a pass-through in the middle of the year. You saw a big downgrade in video and voice. We've done some additional pass-through as well as a small increase on Internet lower than our competitors to maintain our competitiveness. And we did that for Internet-only inside of Q4, and we wanted to wait until you could combine that from a service experience, not to have the bill change twice for customers. So bundled Internet customers is just taking place at the beginning of -- bundled video with Internet customers taking place at the beginning of this year. The reaction there has been pretty muted. It's very low call volume, and given where the rest of the market has been and what we're doing is still maintaining our competitiveness. I am not seeing a big uptick in churns related to the price actions that we pass through.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne : A few questions on the rural build. Jessica, thanks for all that detail at the beginning on the sort of non-RDOF pieces. I think you talked about $3,000 of passing net. So I guess a couple of things. Should we think about that as 5,000 gross? And do you guys have visibility into the timing of when you'll receive those subsidies and also sort of the accounting treatment revenue versus CapEx, so we can think about trying to give you those benefits as we layer on the spending? And then I don't know if you're willing to tell us what you think you'll build in '23. I'm guessing, no, but we can make our own assumptions. If we think you're going to build to, say, 500,000 rural passings in '23, is there any way to help us think about how many of those you'll sell into over the course of the year? I assume at this point, you guys are getting better at turning this stuff on and getting to market. So any help on the timeline and lag from what you've learned so far would be helpful.
Jessica Fischer : Yes. So I'm going to start at the bottom of the list, Ben. We expect to build around 300,000 subsidized rural passings in 2023, which are mostly RDOF and they're incremental to the normal business as usual pace of build. What I would do with those is we've given you information on how much penetration we get of those passings, the 40% at six months. We continue to grow after we hit that 40% at six months, but you can time them in that way. Our pace coming into the end of the year within the 15,000 to 20,000 passings per month range, and I would expect -- we're starting the year at that pace and we're going to end at a faster pace to get to that total of 300,000 number. The $3,000 per passing, so just to be clear, I think what I said was that we would be closer to the $3,000 that we've been in the more recent subsidized builds than to our RDOF amount. So were totally prescriptive around $3,000 exactly. But that is a net number. Our expectation on state subsidized and on the BEAD build is that those programs are likely to be structured in a way where the expenses count -- where the subsidies are accounted for as a capital offset and not as revenue. So we're going at it with net numbers. Gross build costs, I think, are a lot harder. And so we understand quite a bit now about what we need to -- about what we want in terms of driving economics and also sort of had some experience in bidding these passings and are seeing what's happening in the marketplace. But what you win impacts a lot about what those gross build costs are and they could be in a pretty wide range. So I don't have a number on that side.
Christopher Winfrey : Just in terms of how we look at it, Ben. If you go back to the presentation that we used in December, I threw up an unnamed market with a footprint overlap. So you could take a look at how our strategy evolves between, I think, the colors were gray, gold and blue. Between our existing footprint, RDOF and the way that state grants and now BEAD and other grants well be doing. And so we can make the gross cost of our build lower as a result of the strategy in terms of how we approach the market and how we put these together. And so we can have a lower gross cost and therefore lower net cost than our competitors because of the existing footprint that we have, the existing or footprint that we're building. And I think that makes us not only a better economic participant, but a better and more reliable, trustworthy builder for the states in the build because we're the largest rural builder today. We've been successful at it. We're moving at a fast pace. We can get broadband to their constituents at a faster pace at a competitive price with great products, Internet and mobile, and most of these bidders aren't going to have mobile and they're not going to have a converged product, and that's something that we can bring to these communities.
Benjamin Swinburne : That's very helpful. Can I just ask a clarification from your comment. I think you guys talked about nonpaid churn, all forms of churn at record lows in Q4, including non-pay. But I think you also mentioned bad debt was coming back up. Just any comment on sort of the consumer, the low-end consumer. Some of your competitors have talked about non-pay churn normalizing. Was -- it didn't sound like we're seeing that, but I wanted to hear your thoughts?
Christopher Winfrey : I think I'll let Jessica comment. It's still dramatically -- well, it's still much lower than it was pre-pandemic, and the churn is low. Bad debt has been slowly building back up. It's nowhere near back to where it was, but it has an impact on a year-over-year basis. In January, we typically don't talk to intra-quarter, we don't like to. But we're starting to see, and that may be the bridge between what some of our peers and competitors are saying. It's not dramatic, but we have seen a step up both in non-pay as well as bad debt. And I think that just reflects the overall economy. In some sense, you look at that and the upfront impact of that is negative. You don't like it. On the other hand, it's one of the indicators that the market is starting to normalize in terms of transaction volumes, you have a delay from when the bad news comes in and when the selling opportunity arises. So it's a double-edged sword.
Jessica Fischer : Yes. The other piece I would remind you we've talked about before, we're a big participant in ACP and a big proponent of that program. I think for our customers that are more prone to non-pay. We've endeavored to make sure that they recognize that, that program is available to them and to be part of the solution they're making Internet affordable for them.  It has two impacts. One is that those customers don't churn as much as before. The other impact, though, is that on some of those customers that convert into the ACP program. We might be carrying a balance related to those customers that then ends up sort of flushing through in our bad debt computation. So while bad debt is higher on a numerical value basis, it's not necessarily connecting into a non-pay churn where we've converted the customer to being an ACP customer.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Ben. Operator, that concludes our call.
Christopher Winfrey : Thank you, everyone.
Jessica Fischer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's conference call, and we appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Charter Communications Third Quarter 2022 Investor Call. We ask that you please hold all questions until the completion of the formal remarks, at which time you will be given instruction for the question-and-answer session. Also, as a reminder, this conference is being recorded today. [Operator Instructions]  I will now turn the call over to Stefan Anninger. Please go ahead.
Stefan Anninger: Good morning, and welcome to Charter's third quarter 2022 investor call. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com, under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K and also our 10-Q filed this morning. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call. However, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect management's current view only, and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements or to make additional forward-looking statements in the future. During the course of today's call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures, as defined by Charter, may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. Please also note that all growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise specified. On today's call, we have Tom Rutledge, Chairman and CEO; and Chris Winfrey, our COO; and Jessica Fischer, our CFO. With that, let's turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Rutledge : Thank you, Stefan. As I look at our current advanced offerings, our future product plans and the underpenetration of our network, we're well positioned to grow our business at very attractive rates for many years to come. During the quarter, we added 75,000 Internet customers. Customer relationship churn remains very low due to current consumer behavior. And while the lower year-over-year connect activity improved, connects remain challenged due to the low activity environment. We continue to see very strong mobile line growth with net additions of 396,000, our best quarter yet. Over the last year, we've grown our mobile lines by nearly 50% and as of the end of the quarter, we had nearly 4.7 million total mobile lines. Our opportunity in mobile is very large, and we're still at the beginning of developing that business. Today, we only captured 28% of the combined household spend on wireline and mobile connectivity within our footprint. So we remain significantly underpenetrated versus the opportunity in front of us. And we're delivering the fastest Internet and the fastest Wi-Fi speeds in the nation and the fastest mobile speeds when combined with Wi-Fi, all the while serving customers -- saving customers, I should say, thousands of dollars a year. Today, we have close to 500 million devices connected to our network, the vast majority of which are connected to us wirelessly. Ultimately, I expect that virtually all devices connected to our network will connect wirelessly. To continue to improve our services, we also remain focused on evolving our network to offer the fastest speeds in the most cost and time-efficient manner. Data usage continues to grow at a fast pace. Internet customers who do not buy traditional video from us use nearly 700 gigabytes per month. Nearly 25% of those customers use a terabyte or more of data per month. The downstream traffic still dominates usage at a ratio of 14:1 versus upstream traffic. In the near-term, we're implementing spectrum split upgrades, which expand our plant capacity bi-directionally and allow us to allocate more bandwidth to the upstream, all using our existing DOCSIS 3.1 infrastructure. In turn, we'll be able to offer our customers higher symmetrical speeds and multi-gigabit speeds in the downstream. Our network evolution path also includes DOCSIS 4.0, so we can maintain a state-of-the-art network that delivers the most compelling converged connectivity services in a capital and time-efficient manner and turn offer those advanced services to consumers at highly attractive prices. As you may know, I plan to step down as CEO on December 1st that time, Chris Winfrey will become our new CEO, and I will become Executive Chairman. It's been personally fulfilling to lead Charter over the last 10 years. We've grown our company through innovation and strategic investments that position Charter to provide the best connectivity products and services available today everywhere we operate. Our products have continually evolved and changed the world during my career from the carriage of broadcast signals when I began to the development of robust video and multi-channel cable networks. And from the early days of broadband, Internet and voice to now offering fully ubiquitous wireless connectivity, we continue to drive new uses for our networks to bring value to consumers and our opportunity to innovate and grow is greater today than ever before. Having worked closely with Chris for more than 10 years, I know that he's the right choice to be our next CEO. He will serve Charter with both vision and skill leading the company to new heights. Chris' leadership and expertise in both operations and finance have been pivotal to Charter's growth and success over the past 10 years. He's repeatedly demonstrated in a strategic insight in key market and industry awareness to drive our organization to perform at the highest levels. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks, Tom, and thanks for the kind words. I'm both honored and excited about the opportunity to continue to help Charter grow and to create shareholder value as the incoming CEO. It has also been a privilege for all of us here at Charter to work for and learn from Tom over the past 10 years. His leadership is the reason Charter exists as it does today, and he's mentored all of us here to keep reinventing cable and we're fortunate that he'll continue to do the same as our Executive Chairman. So Tom covered the quarterly headlines, so I thought I'd give some additional market color. While our Internet net additions improved from last quarter, they remained below last year. The largest driver by far is that activity level remains low. Total churn and voluntary churn were slightly lower year-over-year and were at all-time lows for third quarter. Non-pay and move churn remains well-below pre-pandemic levels. Those are market issues that also reduce our selling opportunities. While we've seen some improving trends, gross additions also remain down across the footprint by similar amounts in both overbuild and non-overbuild areas, similar to what we've seen in the past few quarters. In terms of competitive impact, some of the lower gross additions we see probably relate to DSL conversion going to a new entrant, fixed wireless instead of coming to us. Given the issues with fixed wireless product reliability and scalability and usage trends, we expect those customers to find their way back to us over the long-term. We've also seen a similar pace of fiber reported telco Internet numbers confirm what we saw, a small mix issue from newly overbuilt footprint, no different from the past. I would also note that we've seen a small amount of market share return to mobile-only service over the past several quarters, the reversal of some COVID effects. So we're in a unique moment, the opposite of the one we saw in 2020 and early 2021, in fact. Market transaction volume will eventually pick up, and so will our Internet net adds. In the meantime, we're growing mobile at record rates, even in a low volume environment by saving customers thousands of dollars. That growth is also good for broadband. So we remain well positioned. Our fixed and mobile broadband services continue to converge technically and operationally, and our Spectrum 1 offering launched earlier this month exemplifies that. As Tom mentioned, we have a path to drive significantly higher speeds, at a much faster pace and at much lower cost than our competitors. And we can sustain good revenue growth, lower cost of service per customer relationship for many years. I've been in the cable industry for almost 25 years and at Charter for over 10 years. And I've played a key role in developing our operating strategy. So our recipe for creating shareholder value through better products, pricing and packaging and service, coupled with a levered equity return strategy will remain intact. At the same time, I do think, the CEO transition will be a good opportunity for us, both in this market and with the transition taking place to update investors on what I expect over the next few years, including details of our network evolution plan, convergence capabilities, service experience for customers and our rural expansion and build-out plans. That's a lot to cover, so I look forward to a virtual event with the investment community that we'll schedule for a date, following the CEO transition in December. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jessica.
Jessica Fischer: Thanks, Chris. Before discussing our third quarter results, I want to mention that today's results do not include any impact related to Hurricane Ian, which hit the East Coast in late September. Initially, approximately 1 million of our customers lost service, primarily because of power outages, but our crews worked hard to repair our network and reconnect customers, and they did a great job. Broadly speaking, our plant fared well despite the storm and service was destroyed to nearly to all impacted customers in relatively short period of time. And while we expect our fourth quarter results to contain some bill credits, some incremental CapEx related to plant replacement and some incremental operating expense related to store cleanup and call center labor, we expect the overall impact of Hurricane Ian on our financials and customer numbers will be very small. Let's turn to customer results on slide five. Including residential and SMB, we added 75,000 Internet customers in the third quarter. Video customers declined by $204,000 in the third quarter, following a programming pass-through increase in the second quarter. Wireline voice declined by 271,000, and we added a record 396,000 mobile lines despite the lower number of selling opportunities from our reduced activity levels, we continue to drive mobile growth with our high-quality, attractively priced service. Looking forward, we expect our new Spectrum 1 offer to drive accelerating mobile line growth. Moving to financial results, starting on slide six. Over the last year, residential customers grew by $123,000 or 0.4% year-over-year. Residential revenue per customer relationship was flat year-over-year with promotional rate step-ups and rate adjustments, offset by a higher mix of non-video customers, higher expanded basic video losses in the last several quarters and accelerated growth of lower-priced video packages within our base. Our year-over-year residential revenue per customer relationship growth was lower this quarter than last, given the timing of rate adjustments in this year versus last and the mix factors I just mentioned. Also, keep in mind that our residential ARPU does not reflect any mobile revenue. As slide six shows, residential revenue grew by 0.7% year-over-year. Turning to commercial. SMB revenue grew by 1.9% year-over-year, reflecting SMB customer growth of 3.3%. Enterprise revenue was up by 2.6% year-over-year or by 5.2% year-over-year when excluding some one-time fees from the prior period, which were a benefit last year. Excluding all wholesale revenue, enterprise revenue grew by 9% and enterprise PSUs grew by 4.9% year-over-year. Third quarter advertising revenue grew by 23% year-over-year, primarily driven by political revenue. Core ad revenue was flat year-over-year with lower national and local advertising revenue, offset by our growing advanced advertising capabilities. Mobile revenue totaled $750 million with $303 million of that revenue being device revenue. Other revenue declined by 2.1% year-over-year, primarily driven by lower video CPE sold to customers mostly offset by rural construction initiatives subsidies. In total, consolidated third quarter revenue was up 3.1% year-over-year. Moving to operating expenses and EBITDA on Slide 7. In Q3, total operating expenses grew by $278 million or 3.5% year-over-year. Programming costs declined by 3.8% year-over-year due to a decline in video customers of 3.8% year-over-year and a higher mix of lighter video packages, partly offset by higher programming rates. Looking at the full year 2022, we now expect programming cost per video customer to grow in the low single-digit percentage range. Regulatory connectivity and produced content declined 7.4% year-over-year, primarily driven by lower video CPE sold to customers. For the full year 2022, we now expect regulatory connectivity and produced content expense to decline in the mid- to high single-digit percentage range. Cost to service customers increased by 4.4% year-over-year. Excluding bad debt from both years, cost to service customers grew by 3%, primarily due to higher fuel and freight costs, partly offset by productivity improvements. And while bad debt and non-pay churn were higher year-over-year, both remain well below pre-COVID levels. We now expect cost to service customers expense growth for the second half of 2022 to be more consistent with growth in the first half of 2022. Marketing expenses grew by 9.3% year-over-year, primarily due to higher staffing levels and wages, as Charter focuses on providing better service to new and existing customers. For the full year 2022, we now expect marketing expense to grow in the high single-digit percentage range. Mobile expenses totaled $846 million and were comprised of mobile device cost tied to device revenue, customer acquisition and service and operating costs. And other expenses increased by 4.4%, primarily driven by higher labor costs, higher advertising sales expense related to political revenue and higher computer and software expense, partly offset by lower corporate costs this quarter. Adjusted EBITDA grew by 2.4% year-over-year in the quarter. Turning to net income on Slide 8. We generated $1.2 billion of net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the third quarter, essentially flat with last year, with higher adjusted EBITDA offset by higher interest expense. Turning to Slide 9. Capital expenditures totaled $2.4 billion in the third quarter, above last year's third quarter spend of $1.9 billion. Most of that increase was driven by $525 million of spend on our rural construction initiative in the quarter, and the vast majority of that spend is accounted for in line extensions. In rural, we've accelerated our walkout and design nationally to allow for additional time for the process of securing full access. In addition, our access to inventory is improving, so we're carrying a more appropriate amount of inventory to support the belt. As a result, we now expect to spend approximately $1.5 billion this year on the rural construction initiative. We spent $96 million on mobile-related CapEx, which is mostly accounted for in support capital and scalable infrastructure and was driven by investments in back office systems. Core cable CapEx, which excludes our rural and mobile CapEx, increased from $1.7 billion last year to $1.8 billion this quarter, driven by modestly higher CPE and scalable infrastructure spending. We continue to expect core cable capital expenditures to be between $7.1 billion and $7.3 billion for the full year 2022. As Slide 10 shows, we generated $1.5 billion of consolidated free cash flow this quarter versus $2.5 billion in the third quarter of last year. The decline was primarily driven by higher cash tax payments and higher CapEx, mostly driven by our rural construction initiative. Excluding cash taxes, our rural construction initiative and litigation settlements, free cash flow grew by 5% year-over-year. We finished the quarter with $96.8 billion in debt principal. Our current run rate annualized cash interest is $4.8 billion. As of the end of the third quarter, our ratio of net debt to last 12-month adjusted EBITDA was 4.48 times. We intend to stay at or just below the high end of our 4 to 4.5 times target leverage range. During the quarter, we repurchased 5.8 million Charter shares and Charter Holdings common units totaling about $2.6 billion at an average price of $445 per share. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question will come from Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Doug Mitchelson : Thanks so much. I think perhaps two questions. Tom, what a career and Chris, congratulations. I wanted to ask about Spectrum One first. And Tom reminds me of when you launched the triple play. The 2005 back when FiOS U-verse were launching, and it looked like a really intriguing price and value for customers, but also kind of lower than perhaps prior promotions. So I'm just hoping that you and Chris can walk through the strategy behind the Spectrum One promotion and the financial impact relative to your prior promotional strategies. And then separately, Chris, I know it's early and you're indicating that you're going to update us in December, like how broadly are you considering strategy shifts. Obviously, investors are a combination of nervous and excited about changes that might take place. I mean is there a scope to rapidly accelerate capital spending or different pricing strategies? How wide is the net here in terms of what you're considering? Is this revolution or evolution? Thank you.
Tom Rutledge : Thanks, Doug. Yes, your memory is good. And I'll turn the answer over to Chris. But when triple-play was first announced, there was a lot of skepticism, and some people thought it was foolish, but it turned out to be quite successful.
Chris Winfrey: So I think there's -- similarly, maybe a little confusion out there about what Spectrum One is. And really, it's our first attempt and it may evolve over time. But Spectrum One packages seamless connectivity with our products, and they all work better together. It's offered at a first year promotional price. And as a result, our pricing of the underlying products, whether that's Internet, advanced WiFi and mobile, it has not changed. Even after that promotional period, Spectrum One creates values for customers in a way that our competitors really can't replicate. It's pretty similar to what was the design of Tom's original triple-play. And we also attach additional products or mobile lines to that promotional sell-in. So contrary to what I think is maybe a fear. We have not lowered our pricing in the marketplace, nor do we believe that we need to. Doug, on strategy shift, I mean, in the prepared remarks, I wanted to be clear, because I understand that's out there as well. I've been a player in developing our operating strategy here with Tom and John Bickham and others over the past decade. And just because somebody gives you a new title doesn't mean that your view on fundamentally how to create shareholder value changes overnight. So I'm pretty committed to all things that we're doing today in terms of our strategy around products, pricing, package, service. As I mentioned, our capital structure, obviously had a little bit of a hand in that as well in our balance sheet and M&A strategy. So I don't expect any seismic shifts. I've always thought that if we were going to do something anyway in terms of capital, might as well go get after it, so you can grow faster. And so, if there's opportunities to accelerate what we're already doing, we'll do that. But I don't think people should expect any fundamental changes and views on how we operate the business or how we create value for shareholders.
Doug Mitchelson: Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Doug. Katie, well take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thank you and congrats, Tom. I'm sure we'll miss you more than you'll miss us, but please stay in touch. Yes, I guess sticking with the wireless scheme and the network, Chris, last quarter, you were willing to highlight to us that, maybe, we on the sell side, have got the wireless economics wrong. Obviously, you've got the Spectrum One plan in the market, which seems to be doing what you hoped it would, which is to drive faster growth. I'm sure we'll see more of that in Q4. The losses in wireless, and I know product P&Ls are of limited use to some extent, but it looks like they'll be pretty flattish year-on-year this year. I'm just wondering, is there a way you can sort of take us into the cost structure on the wireless side, speak to the network offload opportunities? And is there any way to help us think about, as you continue down this convergence path, is there a time line towards EBITDA starting to inflect and really benefit from the wireless revenue scale you're building? Because it sounds like -- looks like we're not going to see that at least in the near term. And then, I'm just wondering, what are the returns you're seeing on the high split activity so far? And you mentioned DOCSIS 4.0. Tom did in his prepared remarks. Do you have a sort of a time line you want to sort of lay out for us or how you think about the benefits of high split and DOCSIS 4.0 over the course of the next few years to the business?
Chris Winfrey: So, two quick things, and then I'm going to pass it over to Jessica. On Spectrum One, we didn't launch that until October. So it had no impact on our Q3 results. And on your question regarding high split, we're going to go into lots of detail in December. So, I'm going to try to be quiet today around all that. There's nothing shocking. I think Tom and others may elaborate on the benefits of high spot, but we'll give a more detailed plan in December. The question is on the mobile. I'm going to hand that over to Jessica around the financials on mobile and she can go through that.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. So, mobile EBITDA losses remained due to a few things. The first one, I'm sure you saw this is our best quarter yet for mobile growth, and we continue to have additional sort of customer acquisition costs because of that, that weigh on mobile EBITDA. Also, we did see both in mobile and in the cable side increases in bad debt in the year-over-year. And so there's some of that that's impacting mobile EBITDA. And we did implement a new system earlier in the year. I think Tom has talked about it. And we're still sort of working through the last of the costs related to having implemented that system. And so there's a little weight there that I think will come down as we settle in a bit more. But the key here is that you should know that gross margin in the mobile product continues to be very good. And as Chris mentioned, Spectrum One, while it offers a promotional price on mobile, we're both selling additional lines in with that promotional offer and at our rack rate, which that rolls to in 12 months, we make very solid margins off of the mobile business. And because of that, we remain will remain profitable in that business absent the growth cost even with the promotional pricing to drive overall customer relationships.
Tom Rutledge: Yes, at a high level, Ben, on spectrum splits, what they essentially do is give you the opportunity to increase down speeds and upstream speeds significantly and to offer products symmetrically at pretty low capital cost. When we did DOCSIS 3.1, you remember, we spent about $9 a point past, not counting CPE, and -- which was $450 million approximately to get the plant ready. This is going to cost a little more than that, but it's still a relatively low-cost capital investment that gives you a significant increase in capacity. And it leaves you in a pathway where you can continue to invest with additional technologies, including DOCSIS 4.0 to even further enhance the capability of the network at a pretty capital-efficient way that gives you massive capacity and moves us to the 10G world we've been talking about over time. And as a general concept, it takes away additional operating costs as well and additional capital cost when you make these investments because the augmentation in the network that you have to do for growth, I talked in my prepared remarks about how much capacity people are using that capacity use continues to go up. So, this -- and we have a normal capital budget associated with that growth in capacity. And when you do these spectrum split upgrades, you get that capacity included with that investment. So, you don't have to make the augmentation investment. So, it's a very efficient way of ubiquitously deploying lots of capability across your entire footprint. And I think the cable industry, in general, will have that capacity across its entire footprint very relatively quickly.
Jessica Fischer: And I think given what we've seen in the field implementations that have happened so far, our confidence in the capital efficiency of the implementation as well as our ability to do it at speed have both grown versus even, I would say, where we were last quarter or the quarter before. So very good progress and what we've seen both in the field and from the supplier community as to how that upgrade will be able to be executed in.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thank you so much.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks Ben. Well take our next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Your line is now open.
Craig Moffett: Hi. Thank you. First, congratulations to you, Tom, and also to you, Chris, on the transition. Two questions, if I could. First, Tom, just a personal question for you. Can you elaborate a little bit on the timing of your decision? What made you decide now was the right time? And then second, with respect to broadband, what are you seeing in terms of broadband costs? You're, obviously, doing a lot at the edges of your network that would, I think, give you good insight into labor costs and the implications of cost of capital, what are you seeing both for you? And would you suspect for fiber overbuilders that are competitors, and does it have any implications for how you think about the RDOF build? Are there any of those markets that as costs have risen are now less attractive and potentially less interesting to continue to pursue.
Tom Rutledge: There's a lot in those in that question. First, with regard to my timing, actually, two years ago, put in my contract that on August 15th of this year, I would have an option in my employment agreement to begin the process of transitioning to Executive Chairman and giving up the CEO role. I chose that date two years ago, because it was the 50th anniversary of my beginning in cable as a technician working my way through college in 1972. So I have personal meaning to me, and I thought it was a milestone a couple of years ago that I might want to exercise. And then the other thought I had was at the end of this Executive Chairmanship, I'd be 70 years old, and I thought well, maybe I should think about not working after that age. But on the other hand, I was -- I love this business and I love what the future is for this business, and there's tremendous opportunity. And I want to see it through, but it's going to -- it's just such a good business and it's going to go on so long that it's time to pass at the time. So that's how I came to the decision. To your broadband cost questions, yeah, there are cost issues and we've had to deal with those costs and they're in our numbers. In this quarter, you can see that there's some inflationary pressure out there, and there have been labor force dislocations as a result of COVID and the economic policies that the country employed to deal with it. And they're significant, but we've -- our strategy from a pricing and packaging perspective is to be the value provider and to make these products work together at lower prices and create good value for consumers and to use our ability to drive market share as the primary driver of our revenue, but that said, we have been passing through video price increases, and we've passed through recently a broadband price increase and it was a result of the inflationary pressures that we've seen. At the same time, it doesn't negate the way our primary revenue opportunity is developing, which is to create more customers faster and to create those customers with more products associated with each connection so that our ARPU and the revenue go up together. And that's the primary driver of our revenue strategy. Our cost strategy though is real, and we are working in RDOF to develop we have had higher costs than we anticipated, but we've also had more success than we anticipated in terms of both penetration and the number of passings that we can develop off of the RDOF projects that we've built. So net-net, our cost is what we thought it would be on a per passing basis. But it does create pressure and difficulty for people to attract labor and to get things done. And so we're having issues ourselves with supply chain and the development of a workforce and how we do the work and what order we do work is being impacted by the labor market and the supply market. So I do think the cost of money and the cost of labor and the cost of everything will affect our competitors' ability to build as well.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. The advantage that we have there against many of them is scale. So certainly, when it comes to being able to acquire and then to move supply around the areas where we're ready and most able to build. I think that we have -- we continue to have a very good ability to do that. And really on the cost of capital side, the advantage that we have is a large amount of free cash flow that we're able to deploy really what's a relatively small portion of to execute on these builds. So we're not as beholden to borrowing on a regular basis to fund our builds as some others in the market are. So I think we continue to be well positioned. The rural builds are actually performing at least as well or actually better than we expected. And from a financial perspective, I'm still confident in where we are on the returns that we had said that we would have against those belts.
Craig Moffett: Thank you. And again, congratulations to you and to Chris, Tom, for the transition.
Tom Rutledge: Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Craig. Katie, well take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Philip Cusick with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Philip Cusick: Hi, guys. Thank you. A couple of follow-ups, if I can. Chris, looking forward to your event in December, I know you addressed somewhat a couple of things a minute ago, but I noticed you didn't mention updates on core network capital intensity or leverage targets as part of this transition, which are things that we hear people asking about in the market, any changes to consider here that you can give us a little preview on? And then second, I know it's early, but Jessica, can you follow up on that, those rural initiatives and the contribution there to broadband subs. How should we think about capital spending for RDOF and other rural initiatives next year? Thank you. 
Chris Winfrey: I'll take the first one. I think Jessica mentioned in her prepared remarks, our view on core capital intensity in terms of outlook and she wouldn't have said that if we didn't collectively believe that was the case now and going forward. She mentioned excluding rural and that there may be some lumpiness as it relates to the timing of exactly how you get high split in supply chain and inventory and all that. But the core capital intensity continues to decline.  The leverage target, I've heard that rumor out in the marketplace. I find it a little bit funny because I've been at 4.5x since Switzerland since Germany since Charter, 4.5x and had a levered equity strategy for a really long time, probably over 20 years, and I helped put that together here at Charter and we have good growth. And the interest rates aren't all that different. In fact, it probably less for us as Charter today than when I got here at Charter. So, our views on how to create value through the operating strategy and how to pair that with the balance sheet and M&A strategy and a levered equity strategy, that hasn't changed.  And I mentioned the same thing in the prepared remarks is while we're on the topic, I know one of the other topics out there and I think Doug was going, there's -- do I believe that we need to do a fiber overbuild for our entire network. No, I don't think it makes a lot of sense to have operate two networks, which is what a lot of the overbuilders have had to do when they got into it. We have a really good path forward. It doesn't mean that we don't do fiber, we do fiber on the increment. There may be portions of the network longer term that we decide it's economical to do that. But for the most part and in fact, in its entirety the path that Tom laid out is the path that we're on. And we're not  I don't see any reason why want to go to a full fiber for build of perfectly otherwise good network that can be upgraded and dramatically lower cost and have the same capabilities.
Jessica Fischer: On the rural side, I guess on your first question, the contribution to broadband subs. Certainly, we are seeing broadband subs coming in off of the rural build that we're executing already. I think I've said that we will start providing some more detailed information about femoral build and we weren't quite to do that this quarter. But I would expect coming into year-end that will provide some better information. It's not the entire growth in broadband.  So the growth that you see, the 75,000 additions reflects growth off of our legacy footprint as well as some  a smaller amount of incremental growth off of the broadband subs. But we are doing very well in those markets that we build out. As far as thinking about how you should think about rural for next year, I don't want to front run giving guidance on that piece just yet.  I would tell you that I think what we did in this year to try to accelerate, walk out and design is certainly in an effort to be able to build the rural builds at a good pace, which I think is both consistent with what strategically we'd like to do because having the passings and service sooner than later is good for the business.  And from a regulatory perspective, we are certainly doing everything that we can to meet expectations on that side as well and in placing the build in service. But I don't, on that basis sort of have a number to give you for next year. I'd just tell you that I would expect our pace to continue to be strong because we're trying to build what we need to build as quickly as we're able to do so.
Philip Cusick : Thank you. And congratulations again, Tom and Chris, that's well deserved. 
Tom Rutledge : Thank you, Phil.
Stefan Anninger : Thanks, Phil. Katie, well take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Jonathan Chaplin with New Street. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Chaplin : Thanks. Tom, to add my congratulations to the rest. It's been an incredible run. I only wish the stock was where it was a year ago as you were heading out to the door. Maybe it will beat by December, holding fund congratulations to you as well, Chris. I'm wondering if you can give us -- so you mentioned that you haven't changed prices on any of your packages or plans and you don't really see the spectrum one-off with a price cut. I'm wondering if you can comment on the pricing environment more broadly around you from your competitors and how you think the introduction of fixed wireless broadband into the market may be impacting industry pricing more broadly? And then, Tom, you sort of reiterated what Charter's strategy has been clearly for years and years, which is to drive growth with volumes and to be very measured on price. And its been clear how that's been sort of a hallmark of creating long-term value for Charter for a long time. Help us think about though the pace at which EBITDA would grow in an environment where volumes are just going to be potentially lower for a while if you -- and you're continuing to take a measured approach to pricing? Thank you.
Chris Winfrey : I'll jump in first. We haven't changed sorry, I just wanted to correct that I said we haven't lowered our pricing. Tom mentioned that we have passed through some of the inflationary cost increases, and that includes broadband should be indicative in terms of how you're thinking about that. And then on the fixed lines, I'm just throwing in a few pieces here and let others cover the rest. The fixed wireless access, the pricing really is designed for a full suite bundle of multiple mobile lines, and in some cases, high-priced mobile lines combined with the access. So I think the right comparison is if you take a look at our existing pricing in September with both broadband and mobile lines, because that's a comparable comparison. We're now with Spectrum One and compare that to the combined fixed wireless access offering. I think that's the best way to take a look at it. When you do that, you'll see that we're dramatically not only lower in terms of price and higher in terms of value, but the quality of the product is not really comparable. But I think that's the right way to think about those.
Tom Rutledge : Yes. And I guess I would just add that that opportunity for our ability to continue to grow against the market share is significant. I said in my prepared remarks that we're 28% penetrated in terms of dollar takeout of consumer spend for mobile and for broadband combined. And so we have this big physical infrastructure where every customer we connect to it requires no real significant capital. And the opportunity for us to drive growth using that network with superior products at attractive prices is huge and the dollar value of what's in front of us is huge. And so that's the big opportunity in our structure. And it really hasn't changed. The fact that, we have mobility associated with our broadband products now and a combined product really means that you have very high-priced mobile products with very small usage on a bandwidth basis, and we can add those into our product mix very attractively for consumers. And when we look at what consumers are spending, we can save those consumers a lot of money. So that's the basic concept. And it hasn't changed. And what has changed is the technologies we're using and the product sets and how they're combined, but the basic notion of there's a huge marketplace with a lot of spend in it, and we're not getting much of it, and we'd like to get more, and we will.
Jessica Fischer: And I guess, in terms of how that then translates into EBITDA trajectory, Jonathan, I don't think it will come as a surprise to anyone that based on the lower broadband customer growth that we've had over the last year, really coming out of the really accelerated growth in those customers and we pull forward during COVID will mean that we had kind of higher revenue growth followed by what's likely to be somewhat lower revenue growth versus that COVID time period. But I think based on what Tom talked about that then as we sort of execute on the converge connectivity plan and as we see it return to normalcy in the market, we certainly expect that in the medium to long-term, that that will pick up back-up and so that you will have that increasing revenue growth again. Similarly on the expense side, we certainly have seen some impact, and I think we called out some of the impact of inflation in the financials in Q3. But we think that, that sort of once again sort of, is it temporary crunch on growth that is consistent with what people had what we think that people expect. But it will be followed by a return to more normal levels. And so ultimately, in the medium and long term, I think that the trajectory of EBITDA growth is back closer to pre-pandemic levels. But I acknowledge that, I think that, there could be a little bit of slowness in that growth in the short term.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thats great. Thanks, Jessica. I appreciate that.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Jonathan. We will take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Vijay Jayant with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Vijay Jayant: Thanks. My congratulations to you both. I had just a couple of questions. One, you've talked about a broadband rate increase. I mean we haven't seen in the market. Any details on what the magnitude of that is? And obviously, ARPU for broadband seems to be a big focus for all of us, given sort of flattish unit growth. So any sense on what that could drive broadband ARPU in 2023? And then just for housekeeping, was there any ACV impact on the broadband net adds for the quarter? Thanks so much.
Jessica Fischer: So I'll take the last one of those first. There was some impact of the EBB to ACP conversion on broadband in the quarter. It was much smaller than it was last quarter, and we expect it to be much smaller going forward. So I don't think we'll call it out at all separately. And I would call Internet ARPU growth in the year-over-year. Overall ARPU was flat, but Internet ARPU was up 2.2%. If you included mobile and overall ARPU, it would have been up $1.60 versus last year. So we think that there is ARPU growth happening in the market, really largely driven by mix issues and by our ability to penetrate the market further on the mobile side, driving additional, I'd say, real growth of the business beyond just what you can get from a pricing perspective. So we feel like we're doing well there. I don't think that we'll give guidance on what ARPU growth we expect going forward, but thats what we are seeing now.
Vijay Jayant: Okay. Thanks so much.
Stefan Anninger: All right. Thanks Vijay. Well take our next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Peter Supino with Wolf Research. Your line is now open.
Peter Supino: Hi, and thank you. Two questions. One, mobile. Historically, Charter and Comcast have said that mobile is primarily added by existing customers. And I'm wondering if it's fair to assume that Spectrum One represents an intent to invest what you've called the high mobile contribution margin on the incremental sub in customer acquisitions and converged customers, and whether that is the solution for this broadband problem. And separately, I just wondered if you could comment on sequential growth. It looks to me like broadband, commercial and mobile adjusted for a view of the EBB losses grew less than $50 million sequentially. And I'm trying to square this with your leverage. I'm sure it's not your view that that is the future. And so any comments on sequential growth would be helpful. Thank you.
Tom Rutledge: Peter, to the first part of your question, I'd say yes we expect to be able to pull the broadband growth through. It's a complicated sale, obviously, but yes.
Chris Winfrey: You mentioned Spectrum One solution to the broadband growth issue we have right now. And I think it could be additive, but it's not the solution. The problem right now is market activity. And I know that's not the fashionable thing to say right now. But the biggest problem we face is market activity. And when that comes back, I think that's the solution to the broadband growth. And the Spectrum One has the opportunity, as Tom said, to drive incremental Internet growth. As well as still today, the biggest source of mobile growth is by far the upgrades to our existing Internet base, which should benefit that base as well.
Jessica Fischer: On sequential growth, I guess, I would point out a couple of things. One, I highlighted in the prepared remarks, which was that the growth that we saw in Q2 was impacted by pricing adjustments that we had taken for video pass-through. And the way that those overlap year-over-year, you actually had the impact of two in the second quarter versus only one in the third quarter. So that's part of what was happening there. They're also in enterprise, commercial. There was a one-time item that was a benefit in last year that you don't have in this year that pressured those growth rates in the year-over-year or in the sequential quarter. So some of what you're seeing there is just the impact of lumpiness, not overall growth trajectory. On the leverage point, I would say that where we're sitting right now, the free cash flow yield on equity is so high that I think that continuing to do share buybacks presents significant opportunity for the company, just based on where we're sitting on that point. And the overall capital structure, I think, has been an advantage to the company in the long-term. And so I don't see where we are even in what might be a temporarily pressured growth environment as being a reason to move off of where we've been from a leverage standpoint or as your buyback strategy? And so consistent with what I said, we certainly expect to stay at the top of our four to four and a half times leverage ratio.
Peter Supino: Thank you. Tom, thanks for a great decade at Charter.
Tom Rutledge: Thank you
Stefan Anninger: Thanks Peter. We'll take our next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Brett Feldman: Thanks. And I'll just echo my congrats to Tom and to Chris. My first question here is a follow-up for Jessica. You mentioned the merits of continuing to buy back your stock at these levels. Your debt is also trading at significant discounts to par. I'm wondering if that could also be an accretive opportunity to buy back some of your debt out of the market? And then we've seen cord cutting pick up on a year-over-year basis at your business and most other operators' businesses. I'm curious if you could give us some insight as to what's driving it. Meaning, we know that there's been fewer and fewer gross connects over the last several years. I'm wondering if you're actually seeing an uplift in people cutting the cord, meaning they get rid of their pay TV, but remain with you as a customer for broadband? Thank you.
Jessica Fischer: So, on the debt repurchase question, I also have noticed that our debt is trading at a discount in the market. We do modeling consistently as to what we think the best option as between the two is, particularly given our plans to stay at the top end of our leverage range. And so I won't comment on anything in particular that we plan to do. But we do certainly notice it. And we'll continue to do our modeling, and we'll make the next decision based on what appears appropriate given where the market sits at that moment.
Chris Winfrey: Cord cutting, the biggest driver here is the pricing of video. And the fact that we're having to pass through programming rate increases, which still continue to be outsized even relative to inflation means that customers have a difficulty affording it even if it's really something that they'd like to have. And so yes, it predominantly is driving downgrades of video.
Tom Rutledge: But not disconnects of
Chris Winfrey: And retaining the connectivity.
Tom Rutledge: Yes. And in many cases, we disconnect the video customer downgraded video customer and sell a mobile package at the same time. And they actually end up saving money, obviously, because they have no video or they buy a smaller video package from us in many cases. But they also end up driving ARPU up in the sense that they buy mobile and that mobile is a good value for them. Their overall hospital spend savings -- it is a savings.
Brett Feldman: Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks Brett. Katie, we'll take our last question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question will come from Michael Rollins with Citi. Your line is now open.
Michael Rollins: Thanks. Two questions. First, if I could revisit the ARPU discussion. As you're looking at that relationship between broadband ARPU and volume performance in the quarter, does this signify that there's just greater price sensitivity to grow the broadband base going forward? And then secondly, if the US goes into recession, how should investors think about the sensitivity in terms of Charter's KPIs and financial performance? And as you're describing the customers are trading down in video, is there a risk that, that accelerates or that customers step down their broadband peers. Thanks.
Tom Rutledge: I'll try to answer that. I've been through a lot of recessions in my career. And I have a hard time remembering them because our business performed so well during them. And the reason is that our products are really attractive even when consumers are under stress. Obviously, there's a certain amount of stress that you can't overcome. And video, I think, will be challenged. But on the other hand, it's a very attractive product if you're unemployed. And it's still, even at the high price that it is a, good value relative to other forms of entertainment. So  but the reality is that in a recessionary environment when people become more price-sensitive, the value proposition that we offer with our everyday pricing is superior to what they can get elsewhere, which means that we actually become more attractive when people are more conscious of the price they're paying for other products. And so I'm not that worried about a recession from our company's perspective.
Jessica Fischer: And there might be some impacts that you would see in a space like advertising enterprise. But the performance that we could get in mobile, particularly given our pricing there would be good. And even if it had video downgrades on the other side, the margins in mobile are actually better than the margins in the video. So you get some advantage of more customers moving into the mobile side of the business as well.
Tom Rutledge: So we're not hoping for a recession, but...
Jessica Fischer: We'll be fine.
Chris Winfrey: On broadband, it's a staple product, which insulated during that. But unlike many, we have not been pushing speed upgrades for the purpose of just generating rate. It's really been about when a customer wants a higher speed or feels they need a higher speed. That's when it's been offered and it's been offered at an attractive rate. And so the risk of the downgrade of the speed upgrades, I think, is mitigated with us because we haven't artificially driven that into the base.
Michael Rollins: And on the sub price sensitivity, are you just -- are you seeing more sensitivity in price to grow the broadband base on a net level going forward?
Jessica Fischer: I mean I think we've said that the issue in broadband is activity. It hasn't been that there's additional price sensitivity. It's just that there's not a lot of movement in the market overall. And so I don't think that, that scenario is significantly different than what it's been before. We've always competed all across our footprint, and we continue to do that today. And the price sensitivity of that competition is not significantly different than it was in the past. Price has always been important and continues to be important. And that's why having packages that provide value to consumer helps us to grow subscribers and has helped us over time to grow subscribers at a faster pace than our competitors.
Tom Rutledge: The way I would -- if there were price issues with broadband, you'd see broadband disconnects, and they're at historic lows.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks Mike. Katie, back to you.
End of Q&A:
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's event. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Charter Communications Second Quarter 2022 Investor Call. We ask that you please hold your questions until the completion of the formal remarks, at which time you will be given instruction for the question and answer session. Also, as a reminder, this conference is being recorded today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Stefan Anninger. Please go ahead, sir.
Stefan Anninger: Good morning, and welcome to Charter's second quarter 2022 investor call. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com, under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K and also our 10-Q filed this morning. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call. However, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect management's current view only and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements or to make additional forward-looking statements in the future. During the course of today's call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures, as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures, as defined by Charter, may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. Please also note that all growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise specified. On today's call, we have Tom Rutledge, Chairman and CEO; Chris Winfrey, our COO; and Jessica Fischer, our CFO. With that, let's turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Rutledge: Thank you, Stefan. Our business continues to grow despite an unusual macroeconomic environment. During the second quarter, we added 38,000 Internet customers when excluding an unfavorable impact related to the discontinuation of the emergency broadband benefit, EBB, program and additional definitional requirements of the affordable connectivity program. Customer relationship is churn remains historically low due to current consumer behaviour and connect activity remains low primarily due to the low activity environment. At the same time, we continue to see very strong mobile line growth with line net additions of approximately 350,000. And over the last year, we've grown our mobile lines by nearly 50%. We now have over 4.3 million total mobile lines. Financials were also strong in the second quarter. Second quarter revenue grew by 6.2%, and EBITDA grew by 9.7%. Looking forward, we remain well positioned. Our fixed and mobile broadband service continues to converge technically and operationally. We offer them along with all of our other high-quality products at attractive prices. Our growth is driven by offering value-rich packages that differentiate us from our competition at prices customers can afford regardless of the economic environment. And we plan to continue to do that. To continue to improve our service, we are focused on evolving our network. Data usage continues to grow at a very fast pace. During the second quarter, Internet customers who do not buy traditional video from us used over 650 gigabytes per month. Nearly 25% of those customers now use a terabyte or more of data per month. And even with the rise of work from home, peak usage patterns still prevail, but the vast majority of data usage occurring during the evening hours. Our network is built to handle that peak demand and delivers consistent speeds regardless of the time of day. With our dense HFC network, we deliver gigabit speeds today everywhere we offer service. And in the near term, we're implementing spectrum split upgrades, which expand our plant capacity and allocate more bandwidth to the upstream, all using our DOCSIS 3.1 infrastructure. In turn, we'll be able to offer our customers higher symmetrical speeds and multi-gigabit speeds in the downstream. Our long-term network evolution path includes DOCSIS 4.0. Recent testing using DOCSIS 4.0 technology simultaneously delivered over 8 gigabits in the downstream and over 6 gigabits in the upstream in a 4 amplifier cascade to a single mode. We will develop this technology even further, but the test demonstrated that we can successfully drive bidirectional multi-gigabit speed offerings across our entire network in a very capital-efficient manner and without the major disruption to our customers and operations that other kinds of upgrades require. So we can deliver a future-proof network that delivers the most compelling connectivity services in a capital and time-efficient manner and, in turn, offer those services to consumers at highly attractive prices. But we're not only working to improve speeds and latency in our network. We're also working to improve network quality and reliability, reducing service transactions driving longer customer lives and reducing churn. We're doing that through better maintenance practices, using artificial intelligence, telemetry and machine learning technologies to drive what we call operational intelligence. We're now able to ingest, aggregate, correlate and analyze millions of data points from our network, offering us intelligence about the health of our network, services and anomalies in our network that are critical to the customer experience. In the past, this type of real-time network intelligence did not exist, and substantial human effort and manual analysis were required to manage our network, which was time-consuming and brought only limited insights and required thousands of service transactions. In many cases, our intelligence now allows us to avoid network outages and disruptions altogether, maintaining the plant more efficiently with far less activity and cost and fewer outages in service transactions. Our mobile business is growing at an extremely rapid pace. We remain the fastest-growing mobile provider in the nation, and we continue to improve and enhance our products in a number of ways, differentiating our offerings, helping to drive customer growth and making our mobile business economics, which are good, even better. Ultimately, with our mobile product, we're able to offer consumers a unique and superior fully converged connectivity service package while saving customers hundreds or thousands of dollars a year. And our share of household connectivity spend, including mobile and fixed broadband is still very low. In fact, we capture less than 30% of household spend on wireline and mobile connectivity within our footprint. So there's a large opportunity for us to increase market share by saving customers money. And through our latest offerings, we can do that, which, in turn, raises connects, reduces churn and drives overall customer relationship growth. In addition, our mobile business will drive meaningful EBITDA for Charter, even at our existing and very attractive mobile price points, giving us EBITDA growth simply by growing our mobile customer base. We're underpenetrated, and our opportunity is large. Charter remains uniquely positioned to deliver superior services at superior prices, offering consumers the most attractive products for their connectivity needs. Our services remain the best choice for consumers, giving us the opportunity to continue to grow our business at a very healthy pace.  Now I'll turn the call over to Jessica.
Jessica Fischer: Thanks, Tom. Now let's turn to our customer results on Slide 5. Including residential and SMB, we lost 21,000 Internet customers in the second quarter. As part of the EBB to ACP transition, a small portion of subsidized Internet customers either did not opt to continue their service after the EBB program ended or did not meet the ACP requirements, particularly the requirement that customers use their service in each 30-day period, which covers the vast majority of the impacted subscribers. This resulted in 59,000 customer disconnects during the quarter. Excluding that headwind, we organically grew 38,000 Internet customers in the quarter. Looking forward, we expect that zero usage ACP customers will have a smaller impact in our quarterly results than what we saw this quarter. Looking at the broader marketplace, while we saw seasonal increases in moves typical of the second quarter, moves remained well below pre-COVID levels. And voluntary churn, when excluding the EBB-ACP impact I mentioned, was even lower than last year, all of which reduced our selling opportunities. Turning to video. Video customers declined by 226,000 in the second quarter, following a programming pass-through increase. Wireline voice declined by $266,000, and we added 344,000 mobile lines. Despite the lower number of selling opportunities from our reduced activity levels, we continue to drive mobile growth with our high-quality, attractively priced service. Moving to financial results, starting on Slide 6. Over the last year, we grew total residential customers by $282,000 or 1%. Residential revenue per customer relationship increased by 2.8% year-over-year driven by promotional rate step-ups and earlier video rate adjustments versus last year that pass-through program rerate increases. These effects were partly offset by the same bundle and mix trends we've seen over the past year, including a higher mix of nonvideo customers and a higher mix of lower-priced video packages within our base. Also keep in mind that our residential ARPU does not reflect any mobile revenue. As Slide 6 shows, residential revenue grew by 4.5% year-over-year. Turning to commercial. SMB revenue grew by 3.7% year-over-year, reflecting SMB customer growth of 3.7%. Enterprise revenue was up by 4.9% year-over-year. Excluding all wholesale revenue, enterprise revenue grew by 8.2%, and enterprise PSUs grew by 4.7% year-over-year. Second quarter advertising revenue grew by 12% year-over-year. That growth came primarily from political. It was slightly offset by a 1% decline in our core advertising business due to lower local and national advertising revenue, including auto, partly offset by our growing advanced advertising capabilities. Mobile revenue totaled $726 million with $299 million of that revenue being device revenue. Other revenue increased by 8% -- 8. 8% year-over-year and includes rural construction initiatives subsidies totaling $29 million. In total, consolidated second quarter revenue was up 6.2% year-over-year. Moving to operating expenses and EBITDA on Slide 7. In 2Q, total operating expenses grew by $307 million or 3.9% year-over-year. Programming costs declined by 0.2% year-over-year due to a decline in video customers of 3.2% year-over-year and a higher mix of lighter video packages, all of which was mostly offset by higher programming rates. Looking at the full year 2022, we continue to expect programming cost per video customer to grow in the low to mid-single-digit percentage range. Regulatory connectivity and produced content declined by 10.3% primarily driven by lower Lakers RSN costs and lower video CPE sold to customers. The decline in Lakers and RSN costs was primarily driven by the delayed start of the NBA season in 2020, which drove more Lakers games charges in 2Q '21, making for an easier comparison this year. Excluding the RSN costs from both years, regulatory connectivity and produced content declined by 4.7%. For the full year 2022, we continue to expect regulatory connectivity and produced content expense to decline in the mid-single-digit percentage range versus 2021 primarily due to lower video CPE sold to customers and lower RSN costs given an abnormal Lakers game schedule last year. Cost to service customers increased by 5.1% year-over-year. The increase was primarily driven by higher bad debt year-over-year given lower bad debt in the second quarter of 2021, which benefited from government stimulus packages at the time. And while this quarter's nonpaid churn and bad debt write-offs both remain well below pre-COVID levels, our bad debt accrual includes expectations for potential softening of consumer finances later this year. Excluding bad debt from both years, cost to service customers grew by 1.1% primarily due to a larger customer base and higher fuel costs partly offset by productivity improvements. As the year progresses, prior year bad debt expense normalizes and should drive slower growth in cost to service customers expense during the second half of the year. Marketing expenses grew by 8.6% year-over-year due to higher labor costs driven by previously planned wage increases and higher staffing levels as Charter completes the insourcing of its inbound sales and retention call centers with a focus on providing better service to new and existing customers. For the full year 2022, we continue to expect marketing expense to grow in the mid-single-digit percentage range versus 2021. Mobile expenses totaled $797 million and were comprised of mobile device costs tied to device revenue. Customer acquisition and service and operating costs and other expenses increased by 1.3%. Adjusted EBITDA grew by 9.7% year-over-year in the quarter. Just a quick note on inflation before moving on to net income. We've seen some inflationary pressure in fuel, freight and utilities as well as pricing pressure on CPE and other network components. In labor, our planned move to a $20 per hour starting wage blunted the impact, but we still see pressure in the labor market, which we may need to more fully respond to as the year progresses. I would also note that our consumers are experiencing inflationary pressure. But given the availability of subsidies for broadband and our focus on saving customers hundreds of dollars per year by switching to our converged connectivity product, we believe that we're well positioned for this environment. Turning to net income on Slide 8. We generated $1.5 billion of net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the second quarter versus $1 billion last year. The year-over-year increase was primarily driven by higher adjusted EBITDA. Turning to Slide 9. Capital expenditures totaled $2.2 billion in the second quarter above last year's second quarter spend of $1.9 billion. We spent a total of $357 million on our rural construction initiative in the quarter. Most of that then relates to design, walk out and make ready, and as expected, has not yet resulted in significant passings growth. And the vast majority of that spend is accounted for in line extensions. We spent $95 million on mobile-related CapEx, which is mostly accounted for in support capital and scalable infrastructure and was driven by investments in back-office systems and wireless offload construction. As Slide 10 shows, we generated $1.7 billion of consolidated free cash flow this quarter versus $2.1 billion in the second quarter of last year. The decline was primarily driven by higher cash tax payments and higher CapEx mostly driven by our rural construction initiatives. We finished the quarter with $95.7 billion in debt principal. Our current run rate annualized cash interest is $4.5 billion. As of the end of the second quarter, our ratio of net debt to last 12-month adjusted EBITDA was 4.45 times. We intend to stay at or just below the high end of our 4 times to 4.5 times leverage range. During the quarter, we repurchased 8.3 million Charter shares and Charter Holdings common units totaling about $4.3 billion at an average price of $511 per share. And given where the share price has been, during the first two quarters of this year, we repurchased 7.2% of our fully diluted shares outstanding as of December 31, 2021, for approximately $7.8 billion. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Ben Swinburne: A couple on sort of competition and your go-to-market. You guys didn't talk a lot about fixed wireless or the fiber builds that are happening in various parts of the country. I'm just wondering if you could comment on whether that competitive intensity has increased, if you're seeing, in particular, pressure in certain parts of your footprint, including in the third quarter. I realize you don't like to comment quarterly, but obviously, there's a lot of focus on that. And then Tom, I was interested in your comment about generating mobile EBITDA because it would seem like there's maybe some tension between sort of passing on efficiencies in that business to the consumer through lower prices, which can drive volume and maybe drive broadband volume as it gets pulled through by mobile. But that tension exists versus sort of trying to make as much money as you can in that business. Just wondering if you could comment on how you think about balancing that, particularly as you move more traffic on network.
Tom Rutledge: Sure. I'll start there. Look, there's always a tension between how you price a product and how much of it you drive into the marketplace. And the difference between price and volume -- and price and the volume you get ultimately is -- what you're trying to get to is the maximum amount of cash flow that you can generate out of the business based at the right price and the right volume distribution of that product at that price. . So that's what we're seeking in mobile, and we think it's a huge opportunity for us. It's -- obviously, we're creating customer relationships. Those customers are paying us. There's good margin in that business and at the pricing that we have. And we think that we can get more efficient through time with that margin by offload. And at the same time, we think we're accretive to our MVNO partner and that the 9 million customers that have been created out of that MVNO are accretive and valuable, too, and should be really counted as customers in many ways to our MVNO partner. But that's a shared relationship and -- but the net of all of that is that we have an opportunity at the pricing that we have to continue to grow the business, and that pricing is really valuable relative to the price in the marketplace that those products are currently being offered by our competitors. And at the prices we're offering it now, we have an opportunity to create great value for us through time and to have an improving margin through time as well. But even without an improving margin, it's still a great value. So we're in a pretty good place in terms of our mobile business in that we have lots of opportunity. We have a fully penetrated marketplace, and we have a very small share of it, and we're growing rapidly. With regard to the overall competitive environment, our churn and -- is extremely low. And activity levels in the marketplace are the biggest competitive our biggest impact on our growth rates relative to historic growth rates. The fiber competition that we have is typical. If you go back to the second quarter of 2019 and look at fiber growth, it's not much different, although the footprint's bigger. And there is a new fixed wireless competitor. It's actually relatively small. It's not the major component of our quarterly performance, but it is a factor. If you look at the numbers that the fixed wireless competitors say they're taking from cable and proportionately look at that across our footprint, if you do the math, it's not the major driver of the change in second quarter '19 versus second quarter of 2022. What's -- the major driver is the activity levels. But also, there are other factors that are -- RDOF construction is beginning to ramp up. So that's an opportunity for us. Housing occupancy and new construction is lower because of supply chain issues. So that's -- I think we'll get fixed in the -- in time, but it's an issue affecting growth at the moment. And so we're pretty optimistic, relatively speaking, that as the post-pandemic market activity levels return and normalize, that our share of broadband growth will rise. And we're pretty optimistic that our mobile business is highly accretive and a huge opportunity for us going forward.
Operator: Our next question will come from Vijay Jayant with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Vijay Jayant: A couple for me. One, really move churn is a phenomenon that is sort of new to us and what it sort of meets the subs. Can you sort of help us understand, is your share of the gross ARPU higher than the share of moveouts that have your service? I think it needs to be for low move activity to be negative for net adds. And if that's the case, how has that sort of shifted over time? And obviously, you announced that you've increased your speeds by about 100 megabits for your service, but it was not on the upstream. Can you just talk about the importance of upstream? Obviously, the fiber guys keep talking about that being a well advantage for them and how that's impacted the service so far.
Chris Winfrey: Vijay, can you clarify on your first question a little bit more? I didn't fully understand what you meant by the new first flow. This is Chris.
Vijay Jayant: So your share of the gross ARPU -- gross ARPU, is that higher than your share of moveouts that have your service, so given move churn as a factor? For that to -- needs to be for the low -- it needs to be for low move activity to be a negative for net adds, I think. So I'm just trying to understand like this move churn phenomena and people moving in and out, how that sort of impacts the gross add opportunity.
Tom Rutledge: Yes, I think the way I would say what I think you're saying is we're a net share taker when there's a toss-up. And there's more toss-ups in -- when people are moving. And so therefore, our gross adds out of moves is higher than -- of all moves is higher than our disconnect rate of all moves. That's what you're saying.
Chris Winfrey: And we're still a net share taker. You're in a Q2 where move activity remains well below pre-pandemic levels, nonpay churn well below pre-pandemic levels. We also saw the return of seasonality in college markets that didn't occur last year. So we expect to see those gross additions come back in August and September. So it was a seasonal Q2 where you had low move nonpay and our lowest to lever voluntary churn when you exclude this EBB impact. And so without that activity, I think what you're asking is if we were in a normalized environment, are we still in that share taker. And the answer is yes.
Tom Rutledge: That's our expectation. With regard to downstreams and upstreams, usage is still significant. 14:1 downstream versus upstream. And so from a practical point of view, our products are appropriate. We think, over the longer term, upstream use will continue, but it isn't actually growing faster than the downstream use at the moment.
Operator: Our next question will come from Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Your line is now open.
Craig Moffett: I wonder if you could just talk a little bit more about the broadband growth equation going forward, what you expect from broadband ARPU and -- going forward and then how much you think that with RDOF and the early state level Jobs Act awards you've gotten, how much do you think broadband homes passed, and so just how you think about the sort of equation for total broadband growth? And then separately, could you just comment on the degree that you think you can offload wireless traffic? I think you called out your CBRS buildout for the first time in today's materials. What level of traffic do you think you can actually offload onto that network?
Tom Rutledge: In terms of broadband opportunities in rural areas, we've won about 1. 5 million passing so far in the RDOF program and the various state programs. There's a lot of bids that we have outstanding at the state level. And there's a $42 billion fund coming next year, which is a huge amount of money, which will allow for additional construction, which we hope to bid on and be successful with. We haven't actually begun to offload on the CBRS yet in a commercial way. But it's interesting, our WiFi-first strategy in our mobile relationship with our customers allows significant offload mobile traffic onto the WiFi network. So when you put those two things together, the success we're having in a managed WiFi first environment and the potential success of CBRS, that's what I was saying before. We have a good relationship in our MVNO today with good volume-based pricing and significant margins and an opportunity if we're continuously successful to make that even better by moving some of the traffic onto -- additional traffic on to WiFi and onto our own 5G CBRS network. So it's a good situation that can get a lot better.
Chris Winfrey: Yes. Craig, on the broadband growth, I'd just add that similar to what we were talking about with Vijay, the market transaction volume eventually is going to pick up. So our Internet net adds will pick up again. We're confident in that. And our recipe for broadband growth has always been about being competitive and price competitive in the marketplace. And we've had new entrants and overbuild for many, many years. So when you asked the question about ARPU, I assume it relates a little bit to competitive. And I don't see a major change there in terms of our strategy and how we go to market or how we need to go to market. In fact, I would argue because of the mobile product and the converged mobile product that Tom was talking about and the ability to put these together and that we can save customers money, significant dollars, that has both good volume and ARPU impacts for broadband over time. So I think the outlook is still very, very strong. .
Operator: Our next question will come from Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Doug Mitchelson: A couple of questions. One, just curious, based on your comment about the test on DOCSIS 4.0, what percent of your footprint is covered at plus 4? And when do you think that equipment will be ready for prime time? And then I guess, Tom, but maybe just a jump ball, I'm just curious when we think about stressing the consumer whether inflation impact in their walls are ultimately Fed interest rate increases impact on the economy and overall consumer spending, where would you expect to see any pressures from the consumer in your business first? Have you seen anything so far? And where would you expect to see it? And I'm just curious if you reflect back, you think about the great recession and consumer walls got tighter and there was some readdressing of pay TV spending and tiering. Do you see across your businesses, any risk of tiering down? And how would you manage against that? So I know not a fun question, but I'm just curious how you think about that given your history.
Tom Rutledge: Our doom and gloom question. Well, okay. In terms of DOCSIS 4.0, -- it hasn't been deployed. Our footprint right now is DOCSIS 3.1 fully. So we have 1 gig everywhere. The DOCSIS 3.1 upgrade opportunity is still significant, meaning we haven't gotten everything out of DOCSIS 3.1 by any means in terms of its full capacity. It can give us multi-gigabit speeds downstream and gigabit symmetrical speeds, upstream. And so it's a quite robust infrastructure that's already been deployed. And the CPE for that has already been deployed. DOCSIS 4.0 is a complete new electronic drop-in and a whole new modulation scheme and so bars new CPE. And it is not being deployed yet, but it's in the lab and the specs have been written, and it's another technology upgrade that will allow us to get to very high speeds without having to replace our network, which means that you can do that in a really capitally efficient way, which means that ultimately, you have pricing opportunities that others don't. And that's the value of DOCSIS 4.0. . With regard to inflation and its impact on macroeconomic forces on us, look, I mean, I think we have access to capital and at good prices. I think that inflation in some ways, particularly if it's temporary, has some market advantages for us. As consumers are stressed, the value of our products become more clear in the consumer's mind. If you look at how much consumers are spending on telecom products and our share of those telecom products and what we can do with pricing for those telecom products, I think a stressed consumer will find our products even more attractive. So I mean, yes, we'll have to deal with costs. But it's interesting when you look at our overall business and look at our cost structures, we're getting more efficient. And our opportunity to serve and our cost to serve continues to improve. And if we drive more customers, that actually improves on a per customer basis. So we can operate in a difficult economic environment, and we can -- and make our products valuable to consumers. So I'm -- I'd rather operate in a normal environment, but I think we have pretty good assets and pretty good opportunities to be successful.
Jessica Fischer: The thing that I would add to that, we've been big proponents on the affordability side. And as part of that, we are a larger participant in the affordable connectivity program than many of the other -- well, to the best of our knowledge, all of the other wireline providers. And we've done a lot to try to push the program to our existing subscribers so not as an acquisition program that is a way to alleviate some of the stress on the consumer while it's in our customer base. And I think that, that also puts us in a better position than we would have been in 2008 to retain customers and to do so by providing value to them in a more challenged environment or where the wallet is more challenged. .
Tom Rutledge: I do think video would be more challenged in a downturn or an inflationary environment than other products, but the margins are relatively -- have become smaller in that part of our business. So the net of it all is, I think it's somewhat of a market opportunity, but it's -- there will be stress on video.
Doug Mitchelson: Yes. And just a final clarification, Tom. At 4 amplifiers for DOCSIS 4.0, I get that it will be a while before it arrives. Would that cover the vast majority of your network? Or would you be invested in seeing 6 amplifiers?
Jessica Fischer: Doug, I think the point of the example around 4 amplifiers is that the technology can work in an amplifier cascade that would allow it to cover a large portion of our network without having to move the nodes closer to the customers necessarily. So I think it's performance in that environment in the lab at this point is a strong example of how it is that we can make it capital efficient when we deploy it down the road. .
Tom Rutledge: Yes, it could get better.
Jessica Fischer: It could get better.
Tom Rutledge: And it probably will. That would be our expectation and our experience with these kind of platforms.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jonathan Chaplin with New Street. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Chaplin: Two quick ones, if I may. First, it seems like wireless is becoming an increasingly important piece of the business. And one of the pieces that maybe investors don't understand so well is how it contributes to EBITDA because, on an aggregate basis, it's still a drag. Can you give us some idea of what the incremental margin is on a wireless level, what the contribution to EBITDA per sub is from wireless, what gives fiber sub? And then on broadband, can you give us a sense of sort of how you saw trends progress as you came out of June into July?
Chris Winfrey: So Jonathan, I'll take this one. On the wireless, the -- it is increasingly important, and I don't think it's well understood by the marketplace. It has a reported EBITDA loss right now, but that's entirely driven by subscriber acquisition cost for sales and marketing. The EBITDA for wireless passed the positive point really some time ago. I don't remember what quarter, but it's probably a year plus. So it's an attractive product, and we're growing it fast, and I -- we're not going to get into margin analysis or forecast. But I will tell you that the -- everything that I've ever looked at that people publish on the topic grossly underestimates our margin that's inherent inside that business and what we can do with it to drive the business overall, including broadband net additions. So it's powerful. I don't think it's very well understood, and that's okay for now. The second question was what was on volume?
Jessica Fischer: Volume in June-July.
Tom Rutledge: On volume, yes. .
Chris Winfrey: Yes. Look, that's a tough question because you've got a seasonal disconnect period that goes through June and July. You've heard me mention earlier that we have had a more return to seasonal disconnects in our college markets, which actually bodes well for August and September, assuming that comes back. I would say that our medium and long-term confidence is very high, will be back market overturn with net activity. Short term, it's just difficult to see with volume and July is a very difficult month to go ask that question. So we'll see.
Tom Rutledge: And just one other comment on wireless and its impact, just we are a wireless company. And we have 450 million wireless devices connected to our network -- which is when you -- so you think about -- and when you think about our new video strategy, our new joint venture with Sumo and our ability to connect video customers in the future wirelessly, all of our products would be wirelessly delivered.
Operator: Our next question will come from Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Bryan Kraft: I was wondering if I could ask you how you're thinking these days about potential acquisitions in the cable business or even other types of assets, whether it's business services or wireless? And maybe in cable specifically, if you could talk about just how you would evaluate a potential deal today.
Tom Rutledge: Well, we've always said we love cable, which is why we've been buying our own stock back because we haven't been able to buy cable. And that it's a great business. And we think that the future of what these assets can do is significant and a huge opportunity. So nothing about our view on M&A has changed .
Bryan Kraft: Okay. Go ahead, Jessica, sorry.
Jessica Fischer: No. I mean, I will add to that, that obviously, it has to be cable at attractive prices that will be accretive to the shareholders in the long term. So we're -- we are always out there looking for and looking at cable assets, whether they be small cable assets or others. But ultimately, we do think it has to bring value to shareholders. And so we'll be prudent.
Operator: Our next question will come from Phil Cusick with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Phil Cusick: I wonder if we can go back and talk about the progression of broadband through the quarter, and forgive me if this is just too much. In May, we talked about green shoots. And in mid-June, it looked like broadband would be slightly positive I assume it's fair to say that June was worse than expected and the July is probably not trending well. I'm curious if June being worse is bigger seasonality in that type of market or was it worse in the other markets or the underlying business? And then second, if I can, sort of a big picture question. How much do you take competitive response into account when you price a product like wireless? As you price wireless at $30, Verizon responds with $25 broadband, and it seems to be cycling down, is this really the situation you want to create? And do you think you have an advantage in that over time?
Jessica Fischer: So I'll start on that one. I think what you heard us in May and June, talking about green shoots. We're talking about additional activity, which wasn't necessarily additional additions at that point. And in June, we did still at that point, expect to report total positive Internet adds, even though -- even with the headwind that was associated with the EBB to ACP transition. I don't think that there was a large deterioration in market conditions or performance in June after that time. On a quarterly basis, net adds is an aggregate of more than 1 million connects offset by disconnects. And a very small movement in either side of that equation can lead to sort of small changes in what the ultimate outcome is in net adds, which ultimately 20,000 or 25,000 subscribers is. So I think that our position on where activity has been through the quarter, it's not that different now from where it was before.
Chris Winfrey: I'll start off on the pricing and then I suspect Tom will chime in as well. The -- to build a question on competitive pricing, of course, we think about not only the moves that we're making but the secondary moves and the market responses. And our pricing for mobile is $29.99 when you take through lines or more. It's very simple. There's no taxes and fees. And it's so long as you have or take broadband of really any kind together with that product. Some of the other offers out in the marketplace mean that on a wireless product, you got to go spend $10, $20 more and then you can get discounted prices on broadband. So when you put the all-in package together, our all in package of broadband plus wireless service is dramatically cheaper, taxes and fees included, and no upcharge on the core service required. It's really attractive. So I think even with some of those responses in the marketplace, which may or may not be related to us, we can be very attractive and save customers thousands of dollars a year with a better product, integrated as a converged broadband product for years to come. The other big benefit is that we have the ability to offer mobile in 100% of our footprint. So we have 54 million passings. We have gigabit service everywhere we operate. We did not red line. We're fully upgraded. We have a path to multi-gig symmetrical services. And in addition to that, we have mobile everywhere we operate at a price point that is very, very competitive with a product that's actually not only the fastest-growing mobile but the fastest mobile service in the country. If you put all that together, and we feel pretty good about our competitive positioning long term.
Tom Rutledge: Yes. And to your broader question, yes, we think about what it does to how competitors might price against us. And our view is that we can do the pricing we're doing and still be -- create extremely good value for customers and, at the same time, create an extremely good value for us. And the macro situation with regard to us is that we're underpenetrated. We have 4%, 5% of the mobile dollars in our marketplace. And when you just add up all the telecom spend, we have a very small piece of it. And so our opportunity is volume. You saw that even in the second quarter. So second quarter, seasonal quarter, low volume in the cable side across the entire market. And yet, we still have 344,000 net adds on mobile in a very low cable environment. I think that illustrates the opportunity. When the market comes back, Internet sales will go back up along with the market activity. But mobile in a strange way right now from a line's net adds perspective, it's depressed compared to what it could or should be in a normalized market. So we'll continue to grow.
Operator: Our next question will come from Peter Supino with Wolf Research. Your line is now open.
Peter Supino: Two questions on pricing across two different products. First on mobile, Chris, I particularly appreciate your comments on the cost structure. And I'm aware that mobile has not historically sold at high rates to new broadband subscribers. And in context of a business with flagging gross adds, I wondered if there's an opportunity in the future to attach more mobile to gross adds and use it as a way to stimulate overall sales of your converged connectivity product. And then in parallel, on broadband pricing, I'd love to know your views on retail price increases at this point.
Chris Winfrey: So nothing to announce today, Peter, but clearly, we think a lot about mobile and its ability not only to attach to existing Internet customers, which has been the predominant path so far. But as the market understands better our product, the fact that it is the fastest mobile product in the country and that it's real, that it really does save customers a lot of money, no contracts, no taxes, no fees, I do think there's a really powerful case that we can use to have mobile actually drive significant Internet net adds and particularly in the market with low volume to be able to kick start in volume in the marketplace by using mobile to do just that. So we're constantly testing different concepts in the marketplace. Economically, it's a no-brainer and it makes a lot of sense, but it is a new package structure for educating customers to get them to think about buying a household service and an individual service together so that they can get those savings and they can get that better product, and that may take a little bit of time for us to find the right connection as well as to educate the marketplace. And then the second question, I should have made a note what the second question was on.
Jessica Fischer: Retail pricing.
Chris Winfrey: Retail pricing for broadband?
Jessica Fischer: [Indiscernible] yes.
Chris Winfrey: Our goal has always been to have the best pricing in the marketplace and to the extent that we can withstand some of the inflationary pressures and save customers lots of money with that converged product, which includes both Internet as well as mobile, that's going to be our path. It doesn't mean that we're dogmatic about never taking rate increases when we need to. And so that issue is always available, but our preference has always been to be competitive and value leader in the marketplace.
Operator: Our final question will come from Kutgun Maral with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Kutgun Maral: A big picture one on broadband. The magnitude of the slowdown in subscriber growth has been fairly meaningful. A lot of the factors like low market activity, comping the pandemic pull forward and competition are pretty well understood at this point. I know there's been an expectation that we'll get some normalization or stabilization with at least some of these issues, but it's just taking a bit longer than we would have hoped for. So I guess with that, is there a sense of greater urgency to reaccelerate that subscriber growth? And based on answer earlier, it seems like you're satisfied with the current retail playbook. But is there a desire to rethink things like accelerating network investments, the rural build leaning even more into mobile or anything else? Or is the view that the long-term opportunity remains intact and we just need to the course and cycle through the current dynamics?
Chris Winfrey: I think both of those statements are correct, which is the long term remains intact, and in theory, we could just wait it out. But I think you heard -- and I actually like the way that you described the entire situation. So the long-term outlook is very good. We could wait it out. That's not what we're doing. We're accelerating everywhere. We're again on rural buildout to add to the growth. We're taking a look at mobile opportunities, which I just mentioned on the prior question to Peter. And we're serious about putting multi-gig symmetrical everywhere we operate. And so I think both barbells of what you described are actually true.
Tom Rutledge: And there's some execution opportunity, too.
Chris Winfrey: Yes.
Tom Rutledge: The pandemic created employment issues for us and operational issues for us that have an impact on our ability to generate orders as well. And so we're aggressively trying to improve our ability to execute.
Chris Winfrey: So if you think about the long term, it ties to that, too. The -- so we have the ability -- Craig asked about broadband and ARPU and RDOF, and I talked about that. We talked about mobile convergence and how that could kick start. The thing that we haven't talked about is the digitization of our service platform really creates a long-term path to not only enhance customer satisfaction the way they interact with us but to reduce our cost to serve per customer relationship in a very material way. And as good as that's been over the past few years, it's really the very tip of the iceberg in terms of what we can do with that over time, which has a double impact of increasing customer satisfaction, letting them deal with us the way that they want to, reducing the number of interactions and service issues, getting in front of impairments before the customer even knows they exist. And when they interact with us the way they want, oftentimes, that's without a physical transaction, which has benefits on both sides, both to the customer as well as to our P&L.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll now turn the call back over to Stefan Anninger. Please go ahead. .
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, everyone, and we will see you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's event. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Charter's First Quarter 2022 Investor Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I will now hand the conference over to your first speaker today Stefan Anninger. Sir you may begin
Stefan Anninger: Good morning and welcome to Charter's First Quarter 2022 Investor Call. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website ir.charter.com under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings including our most recent 10-K and also our 10-Q filed this morning. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call. However, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect management's current view only and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements or to make additional forward-looking statements in the future During the course of today's call we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures as defined by Charter may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. Please also note that all growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise specified. On today's call, we have Tom Rutledge, Chairman and CEO; Chris Winfrey our COO; and Jessica Fischer our CFO. With that let's turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Rutledge: Thank you, Stefan. We continue to grow our business by offering superior converged connectivity products. During the quarter, we added 129,000 customer relationships and 185000 Internet customers. Customer relationship churn remains low due to current consumer behavior while connect activity opportunities also remain low as a result. We continue to see very strong mobile line growth with net additions of 373,000. Over the last year we've grown our mobile lines by nearly 50%. We now have over 4 million total mobile lines Financials were also strong in the first quarter. First quarter revenue and EBITDA each grew by 5.4%. And when excluding a one-time payment free cash flow grew by 9% year-over-year. As always we remain focused on our primary goal of driving customer growth and market share leading to higher free cash flow. We're doing that in a number of ways including, expanding our footprint with good returns on investment, upgrading our network to ensure that we're offering our latest and fastest high-quality connectivity services and continuing to invest in high-quality customer service and finally investing in the mobile business to drive convergence of fixed and mobile connectivity products and earn a higher share of monthly household communication spend by saving customers money. Our rural construction initiative is also progressing as planned and we've started to work in all 24 of the states where we won Rural Digital Opportunity Fund bids. Our multiyear multibillion-dollar rural construction project will deliver gigabit high-speed broadband access to more than 1 million unserved rural customer locations across the country. Through RDOF, we'll add over 100,000 miles of new network infrastructure to our approximately 800,000 existing miles over the next five or so years. And our construction is not limited to RDOF commitments. We continue to build in other rural areas and are pursuing opportunities to receive other broadband stimulus funds. In addition, we regularly expand our network to additional residential SMB and enterprise passing, wherever it's economically attractive. Ultimately, our rural construction initiative is not only good for the millions of rural customers that will finally have access to fast and reliable Internet, but its also good for Charter and its shareholders. The expansion of our footprint will help us drive additional customer growth by growing customers in un-served and underserved areas. Demand for our customers for greater connectivity speeds and data throughput continue to grow at a very fast pace. During the quarter, Internet customers, who did not buy traditional video from us used approximately 700 gigabytes per month, more than 35% higher than pre-pandemic levels. And nearly 25% of those customers now use a terabyte or more of data per month. To meet that growing demand, we're both expanding the capacity and reallocating capacity within our network. And the technology to both expand and reallocate plant bandwidth is developing rapidly. Today, we're implementing high splits of what we prefer to call spectrum splits, which allocate more plant capacity to the upstream, all using our DOCSIS 3.1 infrastructure. In turn, we're able to offer our customers higher symmetrical speeds and multi-gigabit speeds. Additionally, by expanding and reallocating plant capacity, we reduced our network augmentation capital spending, including no split spending going forward. And the vast majority of our deployed modems are already spectrum split-capable, allowing us to provide faster service to our existing customers, without swapping out their CPE. We've been increasing the number of spectrum split projects in our service areas and we'll continue to do so. And as the technology develops further, we'll shift our strategy dynamically to further expand the capacity of our plant and reallocate bandwidth as necessary to meet customer needs by deploying additional technologies, including DOCSIS 4.0, which will allow us to deliver even greater capacity offering consumers the fastest and lowest latency connectivity products in a highly capital-efficient way, driving customer and market share growth and free cash flow. In mobile, we continue to improve and enhance our products in a number of ways, differentiating our offering helping to drive customer growth, and improving mobile business economics. In April, we began the market rollout of mobile speed boost. Mobile speed boost allows Spectrum Mobile customers to receive speeds up to one gigabit per second on their Spectrum Mobile service devices, when inside their homes even when their provisioned wireline Internet speed is less than a gigabit. The rollout of our first trial of our CBS small cells in full market area continues to progress nicely. In the first quarter, we completed the build-out of our mobile core network for the upcoming trial. We expect the trial to begin in the middle of next year and to offer faster speeds, a better all mobile experience, all the while saving us costs. Ultimately, with our mobile product, we're offering to consumers a unique and superior fully converged connectivity service package, while saving customers hundreds or thousands of dollars per year. And our share of household connectivity spend, including mobile and fixed broadband is still very low. In fact, we capture well less than 30% of household spend on wireline and mobile connectivity within our footprint. So there's a large opportunity for us to increase market share by saving customers money. And through our latest offering, we can do that, which in turn raises connects, reduces churn and drives customer growth. Before turning the call over to Jessica, I wanted to make a few comments about the joint venture with Comcast that we announced earlier this week. Our joint venture will provide video, delivered by apps, a competitive app store, on-TV applications and is capable of aggregation, navigation, search and curation, billing and content security. It will give consumers new devices and content providers new opportunities to create customer relationships on a platform designed to help them sell video effectively. Comcast has created excellent IP for this venture and we have high expectations that we can work together to continue its development and distribution. We have a history of success in our mobile JV operating systems, demonstrated by the fact that between our two respective mobile businesses we added more mobile lines in the first quarter of this year than the rest of the mobile industry added collectively. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jessica.
Jessica Fischer: Thanks, Tom. Let's now turn to our customer results on slide five. We grew total residential and SMB customer relationships by 129,000 in the first quarter. Including residential and SMB, we grew our Internet customer relationships by 185,000 in the quarter. We continue to see record low combined competitive and move churn, which has reduced our selling opportunities and very low non-pay churn across our footprint. Similar to the fourth quarter, we saw both lower Internet churn and lower Internet connects than in the first quarters of 2021, 2020 and 2019. And this was true across our footprint regardless of computing technology. Turning to video. Video customers declined by 112,000 in the first quarter. Wireline voice declined by 150,000 and we added 373,000 mobile lines. Despite the lower number of selling opportunities from reduced activity levels, we continue to drive mobile growth with our high-quality attractively priced service. Moving to financial results starting on slide six. Over the last year we grew total residential customers by 674,000 or 2.3%. Residential revenue per customer relationship increased by 1% year-over-year, driven by promotional rate step-ups and video rate adjustments that pass through programmer rate increases. These effects were partially offset by the same bundle and mix trends we've seen over the past year, including a higher mix of non-video customers and a higher mix of low-priced video packages within our base. Additionally, this quarter's revenue was negatively impacted by $20 million in adjustments related to sports network rebates, which we intend to credit to qualified video consumers. These rebates are also reflected in lower programming expense this quarter, with no impact to adjusted EBITDA. Excluding the impact of sports network credit I just mentioned, our residential ARPU grew by 1.2% year-over-year. Also keep in mind that our residential ARPU does not reflect any mobile revenue or video programming pass-through increases announced late in the first quarter. As slide six shows, residential revenue grew by 3.7% year-over-year and by 3.9% year-over-year, when excluding the sports network credit. Turning to commercial. SMB revenue grew by 4.6% year-over-year, reflecting SMB customer growth of 4.4%. Enterprise revenue was up by 3.7% year-over-year. Excluding all wholesale revenue, enterprise revenue grew by 6.5% and enterprise PSUs grew by 5.2% year-over-year. First quarter advertising revenue grew by 11.5% year-over-year or by 5.1% excluding political revenue, primarily due to our growing advanced advertising capabilities. Mobile revenue totaled $690 million with $292 million of that revenue being device revenue. Other revenue increased by 5.2% year-over-year and includes two months of rural construction initiative subsidies totaling $19 million. In total, consolidated first quarter revenue was up 5.4% year-over-year. Moving to operating expenses and EBITDA on Slide 7. In the first quarter, total operating expenses grew by $410 million or 5.4% year-over-year. Programming costs declined by 0.4% year-over-year, due to a decline in video customers of 2.1%, a higher mix of lighter video packages, a $20 million benefit related to sports network rebates that I mentioned and $34 million of other favorable adjustments, much of which was not unique year-over-year. All of that was mostly offset by higher programming rates. Excluding both of the adjustments I just mentioned, programming costs grew by 1.4%. And looking at the full year 2022, we now expect programming cost per video customer to grow in the low to mid single-digit percentage range versus mid single-digits previously. Regulatory connectivity and produced content declined by 7.4%, primarily driven by lower Lakers RSN costs, lower video CPE sold to customers and lower regulatory and franchise fees. The decline in Lakers costs was primarily driven by the delayed start to the NBA season in 2020, which drove more Lakers games charges into Q1 of 2021, making for an easier comparison this year. Excluding the RSN costs from both years, regulatory, connectivity and produced content declined by 5.6%. And for the full year 2022, we expect regulatory connectivity and produced content expense to decline in the mid single-digit percentage range versus 2021, primarily due to lower video CPE sold to customers and lower RSN costs given the abnormal Lakers game scheduled last year. Cost to service customers increased by 5.3% year-over-year. The increase was primarily driven by higher bad debt given unusually low bad debt in the first quarter of 2021 when bad debt was down $100 million versus the first quarter of 2020, benefiting from the government stimulus packages. In fact, payment trends in the first quarter continue to be very good. And excluding bad debt from both years, cost to service customers grew by 1.8%, primarily due to a larger customer base, previously planned wage increases to $20 per hour starting wage, for hourly field operations and call center employees and higher health benefit and fuel costs. As the year progresses, prior year bad debt expense normalizes and should drive meaningfully slower growth in cost to service expense line during the second half of the year. Marketing expenses grew by 10.1% year-over-year due to higher labor costs, driven by previously planned wage increases and temporarily greater staffing levels, as Charter completes the in-sourcing of its inbound sales and retention call centers with a focus on providing better service to new and existing customers. For the full year 2022, we expect marketing expense to grow in the mid single-digit percentage range versus 2021, although marketing expense growth is likely to remain at elevated levels in the second quarter. Mobile expense totaled $760 million and were comprised of mobile device cost tied to device revenue, customer acquisition and service and operating costs. And other expenses increased by 12.5%, primarily driven by a favorable non-recurring adjustment in the prior year period making for a challenging comparison this year and higher labor costs. Adjusted EBITDA grew by 5.4% year-over-year in the quarter. A quick note about inflation before moving on to net income. Certain costs of operating our business such as labor and fuel costs are currently subject to inflationary pressure. But given our previously planned move to a $20 per hour starting wage and our long-term relationships and contracts for goods and services, we haven't yet seen a significant impact on inflation in our P&L. I would also note that our consumers are experiencing inflationary pressure but given the availability of subsidies for broadband and our focus on saving customers hundreds of dollars per year by switching to our converged connectivity product, we believe we are well positioned for the changing market. Turning to net income on Slide 8. We generated $1.2 billion of net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the first quarter versus $800 million last year. The year-over-year increase was driven by a non-recurring litigation settlement charge in other operating expenses for the first quarter of 2021 and higher adjusted EBITDA. Turning to Slide 9. Capital expenditures totaled $1.9 billion in the first quarter just above last year's first quarter spend of $1.8 billion. We spent a total of $232 million on our rural construction initiative in the quarter. Most of that spend relates to design, walk out and make ready and as expected has not yet resulted in significant passings growth. And the vast majority of that spend is accounted for in line extension. We spent $74 million on mobile-related CapEx, which is mostly accounted for in support capital and was driven by investments in back-office systems. As Slide 10 shows,, we generated $1.8 billion of consolidated free cash flow this quarter, a decrease of $55 million or 3% year-over-year. Excluding a one-time litigation payment of $220 million made in the first quarter free cash flow grew by $165 million or 8.9% year-over-year. Please note that in the second quarter we'll begin making quarterly cash tax payments for fiscal year 2022. These payments are consistent with the cash tax outlook that we provided in our fourth quarter investor call. We finished the quarter with $94.9 billion in debt principal. Our current run rate annualized cash interest is $4.4 billion. As of the end of the first quarter our ratio of net debt to last 12-month adjusted EBITDA was 4.43 times. We intend to stay at or just below the high end of our four to 4.5 times target leverage range. During the quarter, we repurchased six million Charter shares and Charter Holdings common units totaling about $3.6 billion at an average purchase price of $600 per share. And since September of 2016, we've repurchased $60.4 billion or nearly 42% of Charter's equity. Our path to continue to grow our business remains strong and we will do that by furthering convergence in our connectivity business allowing us to capture additional share, focusing on expanding our footprint and by continuing to improve the customer experience and extending customer lives. By executing on those items we will drive customer and share growth, free cash flow growth and shareholder value. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your first question will come from Craig Moffett with Moffett. Your line is open.
Craig Moffett: Hi. Thank you. Well, I have a few questions, if I could. First, with respect to broadband the pace of homes passed excluding RDOF decelerated a little bit. I'm wondering, if you can just talk about, the rate at which you expect homes passed for broadband to grow and how you think about that as a floor for broadband growth rate going forward? And then with respect to the JV that you announced with Comcast, is there a vision where you take the Flex box and actually make it your primary video delivery platform, where all your video is IP and that you sort of reclaim that capacity? And then finally, one related question Tom. I sort of  I can't resist asking if you just want to comment on password sharing, and a little bit of an I told you so.
Tom Rutledge: Yeah. Well, yeah, I did tell you so. So yeah, Craig, the pace of broadband homes passed, I think is an interesting driver of potential growth. And you're right to point it out. Over the last five years or so we've added about one million passing's a year. And that's comprised of new construction of housing developments plus fill-in, plus plant expansion into areas where it's economic to serve passing's that are contiguous to some of that development. And so that's a driver of future growth. There's really four drivers that drive the future growth of our broadband business, and that's a significant one. Another one is the household in growth  the growth in households using broadband, which is today in the mid-80s. But I think that will continue to increase as digital literacy increases and people continue to want to be part of the connected world. And so I think that moves up to the vacancy rate over time. And we also have then this whole RDOF opportunity, which we've just begun to develop. We've just started to activate the subsidized plant expansion through RDOF. And we've actually won quite a few bids at the state level. And there's $42 billion of additional funding that's going to be distributed probably next year for additional expansion into rural areas and that's an opportunity of growth for us. And then finally, we have the opportunity of  which we expect to realize the opportunity of increasing our share of market of existing broadband customers. And we can do that by packaging, which we've always done successfully, our products and into a value proposition that's better than what the individual component pieces that they're currently buying from various providers. And so the current mobile growth is a key factor in that opportunity. So that's how we expect to grow it. And what's going on in the homes passed marketplace? I mean there are construction issues going on right now. There are supply chain issues that are affecting activations of housing developments and that kind of thing. But over the longer term, I think that that pace that we've experienced over the last five years continues. The second part of your question about the JV and IP, yeah, yeah. The answer is yes. I expect that incrementally most of our customer base will be all IP and that Spectrum will be recaptured. And that's currently used over time and there's various ways of compressing that Spectrum as you market your way into the IP space. And that plant capacity that's being realized will be available to increase broadband speeds and/or handle broadband capacity that's required as a result of the use of overall data. And lastly on password sharing, yeah. We knew it's a problem. It's not just a problem for the company that's not controlling their passwords, but it's a problem for everybody in the industry because all that content that's used without anybody paying for it affects the supply and demand of all content, not just the provider that's selling the content, which diminishes the value of content for everybody, which is the point we have been trying to make for years. So, next question?
Stefan Anninger: We will take our next question. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question will come from Jonathan Chaplin with New Street. Your line is open.
Jonathan Chaplin: Hi, good morning guys. Thanks for taking the question. I know traditionally you prefer not to give context around sort of like a forward-looking view of the broadband market. But given that we're just in an environment of heightened uncertainty, I'm wondering if you'd stray from your normal policy and at least give us some more context for what you're seeing from -- in the market generally in terms of the move activity as we came out of 1Q into 2Q. Competition, are you seeing an impact now that's more discernible from fixed wireless broadband? And has that changed over the course of the quarter going into 2Q? And then how should we think about seasonality off of the results that you guys just produced in 1Q, should we think of seasonality through the year as being the normal trend? Thanks.
Tom Rutledge: Look Chris why don't you take that?
Chris Winfrey: Hey, Jonathan, we expected a question along these lines and I have some thoughts. We expected the market to return to normal actually last year including seasonality. So difficult to say. But as Jessica mentioned transaction volume in the market, it remains low particularly move return, which is a key source of net subscriber acquisition for us. There are some facts that put our lower year-over-year growth in context. Our churn rates of all kinds and across all footprint types remains at record lows. The pace of gigabit overlap increases within our footprint, so far has remained consistent with the past few years, despite commentary about acceleration. So we have competition everywhere we operate, and we always have. And our largest wireline competitor had negative residential wireline net additions in the quarter, where we continue to grow. So compared to last year's first quarter with already low market activity, our gross addition rate in the first quarter of this year was lower in both overbuild and our non-overbuild footprint by the same amount. Together with record low churn, this illustrates the biggest driver remains lower selling opportunities from overall market activity and churn. Jonathan, there are additional factors which could also contribute to lower gross addition rates. First, lower household growth rates, Tom just talked about, which we along with others have seen. There's still a lingering pull-forward effect from the shift to our higher-quality broadband during the pandemic. It comes from DSL, VDSL and mobile-only customers, which accelerated the conversion rates of that same base, which we would have seen today. Finally, the mix-related impact of a small increase and more competitive overlap on gross addition rates would be the smallest contributor, and really no different than what we've seen in the prior years. We do not see -- I know, it's a question. We don't see direct impacts from fixed wireless access in our churn or our gross additions. So does that mean could fix wireless access be converting DSL and mobile-only customers that would normally come to us? It's possible and it would be hard to see it load volume across our entire footprint. But we would see that as a potential parking lot for conversion to our faster, more reliable and more ubiquitously marketed and deployed broadband offering. So we take all competition seriously and it's not new for us. But I don't believe fixed wireless access is having any material impact on us today when compared to the factors I mentioned. So, overall activity levels remain low, and we will trial different tactics to stimulate more competitive churn, but market activity and move return will return. And when it does, we expect our Internet net addition rate to normalize. Our already very strong mobile line growth should get even better with higher attach and upgrade rates to the fastest and really the only real converged Internet product in our footprint that also saves customers significant money. As Tom mentioned, our various construction initiatives should provide a larger recurring footprint expansion for customer acquisition, as we get to the end of this year. So I don't have a guidance or an outlook. But I think those are the biggest drivers of what we're seeing today and hopefully that's helpful to the question you asked. 
Jonathan Chaplin: That's really helpful. I appreciate it, Chris. 
Chris Winfrey: Yes. 
Stefan Anninger : Thanks Jonathan. Peter, well take our next question, please.
Operator: Your next question will come from Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brett Feldman: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. You've obviously continued to show great traction with the wireless net adds even as your selling opportunity against customer gross adds has gone down. So it looks like the recent adjustments you've made to pricing and packaging is resonating with the base. You're still going to market differently than the big three. They increasingly are looking at things like handset promos, they tack a lot of value into their higher tiers, whether it's tethering or true unlimited or video. So I guess I'm just wondering, how are you thinking about whether it makes sense to start going after the wireless consumer who values those things and the assessment you're doing as to whether the additional costs you incur would ultimately be worth it? And does that math start to change if you were at the point where you actually were putting a more significant amount of their macro traffic onto a CBRS network? Thank you.
Tom Rutledge : Yes. Well, I think the -- Brett the answer to your question is we will use those tactics that make economic sense to us to drive our business and to drive our relationship growth in this mobile broadband space. And the -- as I said in my comments we have very good growth and we have greater growth than the rest of the mobile industry currently. So, we're on track and doing the right things currently from a marketing perspective and we think we can accelerate that growth. So, there are various tactics that you see people who sell wireless do and they're all related to trying to create a value proposition for customers and some of them cost more than others. Fundamentally, we think that our CBRS and our WiFi offload continue to allow us to have low-cost mobile products with high capacity available to our customers which gives us the ability to sell those products at value propositions for consumers, which ultimately is what we think drives our ability to shift -- drive market share. So we -- I don't put any marketing tactic on the side and say we won't do it or because we're not doing it today we won't do it in the future. But our fundamental strategy is to use our network effectively and provide a high-quality best-in-class service better than anyone else in fact right now in terms of speed capability and sell that for a lower price. And we think that that value is what consumers will ultimately recognize. How we package that up in various marketing tactics I think is open to what is successful. And we constantly experiment with marketing tactics to see what resonates best. But we think the core concept is the driver of our opportunity.
Chris Winfrey: Brett a good example of that we do -- we have a premium plus $10 package in our mobile. So, even that at $39.99, so our standard is $29.99 when you take two mobiles or more. But at $39.99 the impact the take up on is very low. And the reason it's very low is for the reason that Tom just mentioned. Already they get the fastest mobile product in the country through the standard limited offer that we have at $29.99. And because our network works better together with WiFi and you've got 85% offload with the nation's fastest broadband and therefore the nation's fastest mobile there really hasn't been much of a need or a desire even at that attractive price point to take what you would call a premium product.
Brett Feldman: Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Peter, we'll take our next question please.
Operator: Your next question will come from Phil Cusick with JPMorgan.
Phil Cusick: Hi guys. Thanks. A couple if I can. First I think Tom you said the mobile network trial is now in mid-2023. Is that right? And is that delayed? And what does that mean for CapEx this year -- for mobile CapEx?
Tom Rutledge: No, it's not -- it's mid this year. If I said that, I didn't mean it. It's mid-2022.
Phil Cusick: All right. That makes sense. Maybe I misheard. And then second of all have you started to book RDOF revenue? And how quickly should we see that revenue come in from here? 
Tom Rutledge: Yes Jess?
Jessica Fischer: Yes, we did start booking RDOF revenue in Q1, Phil. They're two months in for the total of $19 million. And the run rate on the RDOF booking will be at that. So it gets booked in over the 10-year period that we receive the funds. So we'll have it at that just over $9 million a month from now until 10-years from now.
Phil Cusick: Great. Thanks very much guys.
Stefan Anninger: Peter, we'll take our next question please.
Operator: Your next question will come from Jessica Reif Ehrlich with BofA Securities.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Okay. Thank you. I have two questions. A follow-up on the Comcast JV. I think the press release said that you guys are investing $900 million. Over what time period is that? And how do you expect to monetize the offer? I think it starts next year. Is it mostly advertising or revenue split? And then your margins on the cable side are over 42%. Where do you think peak cable margins will be?
Tom Rutledge: Well, the opportunity Jessica is to create advertising revenue and to create transaction revenue on the product. And so those are the money drivers. And that requires obviously having full set of content opportunities and using your IP and your marketing skills in the digital space to drive consumer activity and viewing. And so that's the opportunity from the platform from a monetization perspective. Our capital commitment we haven't disclosed that. But it's in the grand scheme of things from a development point of view it's relatively minor, especially when you consider the CPE business that we've always been in where we've actually had to buy CPE. This in many cases will be a retail product. So -- and lastly
Jessica Fischer: The last one was a question on margins and where we think
Tom Rutledge: Yeah.
Jessica Fischer: margins ultimately could go. I mean it's hard to comment on margins in the context of our business because your mix of video product makes such a difference. And ultimately, we're trying to sell the right mix of products to the consumer that drives the most cash flow per customer which doesn't necessarily drive the most margin, on a financial statement presentation sort of basis. So I would say on that one it's hard to speculate on where exactly margins would go as a percentage. But ultimately, we think that what we're doing by capturing additional share in the mobile market, using that and capturing additional share in the broadband market, which drives sort of the most cash flow off of our assets and in our other services as well, we think that that's the right thing to do to drive cash flow for the business and to continue to grow regardless of what the margin line ultimately shows.
Tom Rutledge: Yeah. We don't manage the margins. We managed to return on investment. And so we try to generate as much cash on each asset that we deploy as we can and has really nothing to do with margins when you have a mix of products with different kinds of margins in them. And so it's only in a static environment that a margin relative -- relative margin has any value as an analysis tool in our -- from our point of view.
Chris Winfrey: You can have a really high margin by not growing at all.
Tom Rutledge: Exactly.
Chris Winfrey: That hasn't always worked out for the people.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Okay. Thank you.
Tom Rutledge: Thanks, Jessica. Peter, well take our next question, please.
Operator: And your next question will come from Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse. 
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much. I think a few more questions around broadband if you don't mind. The first is how many DSL customers are left in your footprint? And what do you think the broadband penetration is overall in your footprint? How much is left to go from just more folks getting broadband? And a couple of follow-ups.
Chris Winfrey: Hey, Doug, this is Chris. Look for competitive reasons I don't want to go deep into the remaining broadband penetration. People have statistics. They know what's out there. There's still a sizable opportunity for us to grow the market which Tom talked about. And in terms of DSL, it's declining but there's still a decent base. You really need to think about not just DSL but really the VDSL. That's really the new DSL. I talked a little bit about to the extent that fixed wireless access is building up potentially in the areas that we're moving into from a rural perspective, that's in the future DSL pile or parking lot of subscribers that we can go acquire. So it's DSL today, it's VDSL and it's inferior broadband product relationships that are getting created today that provides that fuel for growth for us in the future from a mix standpoint.
Doug Mitchelson: And Chris you mentioned I think relative to gross additions no difference in competitive fiber footprints versus non-competitive fiber footprints. Is it the same for churn as well? I just wanted to confirm that sort of year-over-year churn changes are no different in the two footprints.
Chris Winfrey: Yes we see churn down in both types of footprints at a similar amount and we see the almost  well not almost the exact same reduction in gross addition rate in both overbuild and non-overbuild footprint, which really completely validates that this isn't a competitive phenomenon that you see in the marketplace. It's the market activity a low-mover churn environment. And we're stimulating in a lot of different ways and some of that will have some success but the bigger driver will just be when the market starts to normalize. So yes, you understood it correctly.
Tom Rutledge: But another part of your question was what's the overall broadband penetration. And if you take all those smaller speeds slow speed products, it's in the mid-80s. And as I said earlier I think that goes up towards the vacancy rate.
Doug Mitchelson: Great. Thank you. And the last question I wanted to get to and I appreciate you taking the questions. Competitors have a variety of pricing and go-to-market strategies for broadband and mobile. And you actually have I think a difference yourself on how you would build a broadband customer and how you might build a wireless customer. I think wireless no contracts and no taxes or fees. How are you thinking about evolving your pricing strategies if at all either in response to competitors or because you're finding more optimal ways to serve your customers? 
Tom Rutledge: Like I was speaking about marketing earlier that's a form of price. We have lots of opportunity to mix and match various tactics to create value for customers perceived value. But fundamental value is where we're really trying to drive our product, which is having superior products at lower prices than our competitors by doing smart investments and good technologies that allow us to have a lower cost structure and have a lower cost per bit so to speak available to consumers both in the mobile space and in the broadband space and in the video space to the extent it's a separate business. And we can mix and match those value propositions in a variety of ways depending on what we need to do to move customer perceptions about where the true value is in the product set.
Doug Mitchelson: All right. Understood. Thank you, all.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Doug. Peter, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Your next question will come from Vijay Jayant with Evercore. Thanks.
Vijay Jayant: Thanks. I had one sort of big question about the video business. Obviously, your video losses seem to buck the trend relative to some of your peers. Can you just talk about how much flex is left on these lower-tier offers that you can still put out to customers? And any changes to sort of carriage minimums as you renegotiate programming deals? And then just for Jessica, you called out a lot of trends on the cost side. I just wanted to ask some questions on them. On bad debt are we back to the pre-pandemic levels? And then just on CapEx. Obviously, you talked about core for cable, should we assume RDOF CapEx sort of trend similar to this quarter in the low 200s a quarter just for modeling purposes? Thanks.
Tom Rutledge: Jessica, you want answer the bad debt question?
Jessica Fischer: Yeah. So if I start on the expense items Vijay, the bad debt we're not back to pre-pandemic levels. I don't expect us actually to go all the way back to pre-pandemic levels. The subsidies for broadband that are available in the market have eased the impact on consumers of sort of what happens in the economy and just made it easier to pay for services overall. And they are targeted, obviously, those consumers who are more prone to go non-pay in the first place. So non-pay churn overall continues to be at near-record lows. And I think that, right now we haven't seen yet sort of moves back towards pre-pandemic levels. On the RDOF side, I think that spend in the rural construction initiative overall, I wouldn't expect it to sort of trend at a very steady level over time. There will be opportunities that we have to accelerate spend at points in time and as we have those opportunities, because we think that continuing the build is important, we likely will take them. I think we've accelerated right now some of the kind of spend that I talked about happening in this quarter the design and make-ready type expenses. We're trying to pull those forward, so that we can be ready to deploy as quickly as possible sort of to deploy more going into next year. It's  that's not a change in guide sort of on where we think we're going for overall. But I think as I said, when we issued  when we talked about the $1 billion that we hoped to spend for the year, we could spend more or we could spend less than that. And it's all based on what we're able to do. We're going as fast as we can.
Tom Rutledge: And with regard to video, why we're somewhat of an outlier, we try hard for one thing. And again, we try to put value where we can for the consumer and think that, there's still opportunity in video. And one of the things that we had success with is, the creation of additional packaging and the mix of video products that we actually sell to consumers. And we're continuously improving the right structures around what we're able to sell. And it's been difficult because of the way historically video has been packaged in this very fat expensive bundle that's driven by sports rights costs. And as we've been able to get some of the content out of that, the ecosystem, and put into tiers and we're successfully selling those. And I think over time, we'll be able to build a very nice video business.
Vijay Jayant: Great. Thanks so much.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks Vijay. Peter, well take our next question, please.
Operator: And your next question will come from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. Good morning. Tom and Chris, I had a couple of related questions around competition in broadband. I think in -- I'm not telling you anything you don't know. I think investor sentiment on cable is probably as poor as it's been since like maybe the mid-2000s when you were getting overbuilt by Fios and U-verse, particularly at Cablevision. Tom, do you see corollaries today to that period when you were running Cablevision and Verizon was building its network across half the footprint and how you compete and sort of navigate that overbuild? And then, one thing that's happening, I'm sure you guys are aware, there's a lot of sort of Tier 2 fiber overbuilds happening around the country. I'm sure there's some in your footprint. They're not massive, but a lot of private equity funded builds. We usually don't see cable companies acquire infrastructure assets in their footprint, at least in the US. I'd just be curious if you think that's long term what happens here, or not, for reasons that might be obvious, because it would seem that there's a lot of capacity being built now on the wireline side. And there will need to be some rationalization, at least in some geographies long term. Thanks for the thoughts.
Tom Rutledge: All right. Well, in terms of sentiment, yes, there have been periods in my business career in cable where sentiment has gone up and down. And my sentiment remains the same. And I think, it's a great business and I think we have great opportunity to take and to continue to grow the business successfully. And so, when everybody's euphoric, it's probably odd. And when everybody is pessimistic, it's odd, and I'm unchanged. And my experiences with Cablevision and other assets, I managed Time Warner assets as well, prior to that, and have managed competition. My first job as a general manager in 1980, was an overbuild, actually. And so, I have lots of experience with it and lots of success in growing our businesses in that environment. So there's nothing unusual about what's going on now. And actually, from a competitive environment, it's pretty much unchanged, the pace of what's been going on, notwithstanding that there are some small builds going on elsewhere with private equity, as you say and that LEC expansion has continued. But it hasn't gone up in pace. So -- and we do quite well, regardless of whether we're in a physical competition with a wireline builder or whether we're in competition with satellites or whether we're in competition with a fixed wireless asset. We're pretty comfortable that we can continue to drive our value proposition and continue to grow our customer relationships. So my sentiment is unchanged. And are there opportunities for us to buy some infrastructure companies that would help us make our network better, because they happen to be in the right place? There probably is.
Chris Winfrey: Yes. I'd add to that Ben. You've seen it as well around for a while. The history of these tertiary overbuilders is pretty demonstrated as well. And my experience is they all start out with a rosy story and they get a lot of capital going in. And the early penetration is, because there's something new and environment starts to look good. And as long as you can sell fast enough you can do okay as a return. But the history is that they all go bankrupt and they end up having to be recapitalized. And so I think there's that repeat that takes place every so often in the marketplace. And so you see some of that. And our job is just put our head down and be competitive like we always have and go dig out customers and continue to develop products pricing and packaging that people can't replicate. So like Tom I'm about as optimistic as you could be about where the business continues to go. 
Ben Swinburne: Great. Thank you.
Tom Rutledge: I was optimistic last year and I was optimistic the year before that and still am.
Ben Swinburne: Yes. We're out of consensus now, Tom.
Tom Rutledge: Thanks Ben.
Ben Swinburne: Great. Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks Ben. Peter, well take our last question, please.
Operator: Your last question will come from Michael Rollins with Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Rollins: Thanks, and good morning. Just to follow-up on a couple of things. First, just curious if you could share more of the timetable on the pace of broadband network upgrades for certain percentages of your coverage footprint, when you think of the opportunity to increase upload speeds as well as to expand download speeds? And then secondly, as you consider a number of factors, rate environment, stock price, the company's view of forward growth under what circumstances would you revise the current capital allocation plan and take net debt leverage targets higher or lower? Thanks.
Jessica Fischer: I guess I'll start on the leverage target question. If I think about where we are right now rates have obviously increased versus where they've been in the recent past. In historical context, I think that rates are still quite low. And so maybe not a little bit, but in line with where we'd expect them to be. In the -- from a growth perspective, as you just heard from Tom and Chris I think we continue to be quite optimistic about our growth opportunity. And on the sentiment side, our stock is trading at a multiple to free cash flow even that's just pretty low compared to where we've been. And so I think that we're happy with where we're sitting targeting the high end of our four to 4.5 times leverage ratio. We obviously continue to evaluate over time. It would be hard to sort of break out what scenario exactly would cause us to move off of that space. But I think that we're happy with where we are and we'll continue to target at that level. 
Tom Rutledge: And in terms of the pace of upgrades, we're actually doing multiple upgrades in various parts of the country right now. And we're pacing ourselves in such a way that we're learning how to do it really effectively. The interesting thing about our capacity to do these upgrades is that they're quite simple electronic upgrades. They're relatively inexpensive and we can do them rapidly across as much of our footprint as we need to do. And we're just actually putting ourselves in a position right now so that we can execute at the pace we need to execute given where the demand for that kind of capacity will exist. And we haven't really forecasted that publicly in terms of how fast we're going to do that. 
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Mike. And Peter, we're going to pass it back to you. That concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Charters Fourth Quarter 2021 Investor Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Stefan Anninger. Please go ahead.
Stefan Anninger: Good morning, and welcome to Charters fourth quarter 2021 investor call. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com, under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K filed this morning. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call. However, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect managements current view only, and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements or to make additional forward-looking statements in the future. During the course of todays call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures, as defined by Charter, may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. Please also note that all growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise specified. On todays call, we have Tom Rutledge, Chairman and CEO; Chris Winfrey, our COO; and Jessica Fischer, our CFO. With that, lets turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Rutledge: Thank you, Stefan. We continue to execute well in the fourth quarter with solid customer growth and strong financial growth. In October, we launched our new Spectrum Mobile multiline pricing and packaging, which allows Spectrum Mobile customers to save hundreds or even thousands of dollars per year on their personal communication spend. We had our strongest mobile quarter ever with 380,000 line net adds. For the full year 2021, we added 940,000 new customer relationships, and we added over 1.2 million Internet customers for growth of over 4%. We also grew our mobile lines by 1.2 million. Financials were also strong in 2021. We grew full year revenue and EBITDA by 7.5% and 11.4%, respectively, and free cash flow grew by 23% year-over-year to $8.7 billion. As we look forward to the rest of this year, we remain focused on several strategic priorities and goals, including product development and network evolution, our rural construction initiative and driving customer growth and penetration. And although the business environment in which were operating remains unusual, we believe our goals and priorities will continue to foster our growth and prepare us well when the marketplace returns to historical levels of marketplace activity and sales. Fundamental to our success is the delivery of products and services that are superior to what our competitors can offer. Delivering more speed and throughput to our customers remains a key area of focus. In December, Internet customers who do not buy traditional video from us used over 700 gigabytes per month, more than 35% higher than pre-pandemic levels. And nearly 25% of our non-video Internet customers now use a terabyte or more of data per month. So we continue to see very high demand for throughput by our customers. In order to increase the capacity of our network for next-generation products and services, weve developed a multi-faceted approach to our network evolution comprised of a number of technologies, which will be deployed where they make the most sense strategically and economically, delivering the very fastest speeds and lowest latency at the lowest cost and time to deploy. In 2022, well increase the number of projects to deploy high splits in our service areas. High splits are powerful, cost-efficient upgrades that use our existing DOCSIS 3.1 infrastructure and allow us to comfortably offer gigabit speeds at symmetrical speeds and multi-gigabit speeds in the downstream. Additionally, high splits will significantly reduce our network augmentation capital spending, including node spending. We also continue to actively develop our DOCSIS 4.0 technology, plant architecture and rollout, which will allow us to cost efficiently offer higher multi-gigabit speeds in the future. We recently ran a DOCSIS 4.0 test using Frequency Division Duplexing, and we successfully delivered over 8 gigabits in the downstream and over 6 gigabits in the upstream, and theres more to come from that technology. Other areas of product development in 2022 include speed boosting our WiFi connections, while Spectrum Mobile customers are on their Spectrum Mobile devices connected to any Spectrum WiFi access point enabled for mobile service. We also just turned on 5G C-band for all Spectrum Mobile customers who have a C-band enabled device, which means they can get faster 5G speeds while on the go. Both of the speed boosting enhancements I just mentioned are included in our mobile pricing at no extra charge. Were also rolling out our 5G hybrid mobile network operation using CBRS small cells in a full market area allowing selected participants to connect to our CBRS small cell access points when theyre outside of WiFi coverage. By furthering the convergence of our fixed and mobile broadband service, we not only improve the economics of our mobile business but improve the customer experience. In fact, for the last 10 quarters, Global Wireless Solutions has ranked our mobile service the fastest in the country because we combine our Internet and mobile connectivity together with our state-of-the-art WiFi service. Another key piece of our long-term strategy is treating customer service as a product itself and giving our customers the flexibility to manage their Spectrum services and interactions with us whenever and however they want. We continue to work on improving the quality and efficiency of our interactions with customers by expanding our customer self-service and self-care capabilities and digitizing and modernizing and monetizing a number of elements of our customer, field and network operations groups. Our rural construction initiative also remains a key focus. Our multiyear, multibillion-dollar construction project will deliver gigabit high-speed broadband access to more than 1 million unserved rural customer locations across the country. Through the Rural Digital Opportunity Fund, or RDOF, we will add over 100,000 miles of new network infrastructure to our approximately 800,000 existing miles over the next five years. Were also in the midst of hiring more than 2,000 employees and contractors to support our rural expansion. But our rural construction initiative is not limited to RDOF commitments. Well continue to build in other rural areas as well, and we will pursue opportunities to receive broadband stimulus funds, including the American Rescue Plan Act funds and funds from Infrastructure Investment Act and Jobs Act. Well also extend our network passed homes in areas adjacent to our subsidized builds that our network does not currently reach today. Ultimately, our rural construction initiative is not only good for the millions of rural customers that will finally have access to fast and reliable Internet, but its also good for Charter and its shareholders. The expansion of our footprint will help us drive additional customer growth and financial returns. Finally, as we look to the balance of the year, we remain focused on driving customer growth, market share growth and penetration by offering high-quality products and services at attractive prices. Our network allows us to deliver a unique, fully converged connectivity service package while saving customers hundreds of thousands of dollars per year. And our share of household connectivity spend, including mobile and fixed broadband is still very low. In fact, Slide 4 in the presentation shows we only capture about 27% of household spend on wireline and mobile connectivity within our footprint. So theres a large opportunity for us to increase the market share with superior products, saving customers money and through our latest offering, we can do that. An average household mobile broadband spend with two lines of mobile broadband and wireline broadband is approximately $200 a month. With our new multiline pricing and packaging launched in October, a Spectrum customer can purchase our Internet product and two lines of our unlimited mobile product with faster service for nearly 50% less and save at least $700 a year. So far, weve seen a very strong response to our offering with our fourth quarter being our strongest quarter for mobile lines net adds yet. In fact, despite a very competitive environment, we continue to gain lines at a very rapid pace because of the value in our bundled service offering, which drives more EBITDA and free cash flow per customer and per passing value for shareholders. Now Ill turn the call over to Jessica.
Jessica Fischer: Thanks, Tom. Lets turn to our customer results on Slides 6 and 7. Please note that we will continue to reference COVID-19-related financial impacts from 2020 and included again on Slides 19 and 20 of todays presentation to help with year-over-year financial comparisons. We grew total residential and SMB customer relationships by 120,000 in the fourth quarter and by 939,000 in the last 12 months. Including residential and SMB, we grew our Internet customers by 190,000 in the quarter and by 1.2 million or 4.2% over the last 12 months. Although our Internet customer growth remained strong in the fourth quarter, the business environment in which we are operating has not yet normalized. Similar to the third quarter, we saw both lower Internet churn and lower Internet connects than in fourth quarters of 2020 and 2019. Turning to video. Video customers declined by 58,000 in the fourth quarter. Wireline voice declined by 154,000, and we added 380,000 mobile lines. As of the end of the fourth quarter, we had 3.6 million mobile lines. And despite the lower numbers of selling opportunities from cable sales, we continue to drive mobile growth with our high-quality, attractively priced service rather than using device subsidies. Moving to the financial results, starting on Slide 8. Over the last year, we grew residential customers by 847,000 or 2.9%. Residential revenue per customer relationship increased by 2% year-over-year driven by promotional rate step-ups, video rate adjustments that pass through programmer rate increases and $22 million of COVID-related impacts in the prior period. These effects were partly offset by the same bundle and mix trends that we have seen over the past year, including a higher mix of non-video customers and a higher mix of lower-priced video packages within our base. Additionally, this quarter includes $31 million in adjustments related to sports network rebates, which we intend to credit to qualified video customers. These rebates are also reflected in lower programming expense this quarter with no impact to adjusted EBITDA. Also keep in mind that our residential ARPU does not reflect any mobile revenue. As Slide 8 shows, residential revenue grew by 5.1% year-over-year, reflecting customer relationship growth and ARPU growth. Turning to commercial. SMB revenue grew by 5.8%. This growth rate reflects COVID-related impacts of $8 million that negatively impacted the fourth quarter of 2020. Excluding this impact from last year, SMB revenue grew by 4.9%. Enterprise revenue was up by 3.2% year-over-year. Excluding all wholesale revenue, enterprise revenue grew by 6.1%. And enterprise PSUs grew by 5.3% year-over-year, a bit faster than last quarter. Fourth quarter advertising revenue declined by 28.2% year-over-year primarily due to strong political revenue in the fourth quarter of 2020, partly offset by COVID impacts last year. When compared to the fourth quarter of 2019, advertising revenue increased by 3.3% primarily due to our growth in advanced advertising capabilities, partly offset by local  lower local ad revenue, particularly automotive. If you exclude automotive, fourth quarter advertising revenue grew by 13.3% over the fourth quarter of 2019. Mobile revenue totaled $632 million with $266 million of that revenue being device revenue. Other revenue declined by 6.2% year-over-year driven by lower levels of CPE sold to customers. In total, consolidated fourth quarter revenue was up 4.7% year-over-year. And when excluding advertising, which benefited from political revenue in the fourth quarter of 2020, revenue grew by 6.4%. Moving to operating expenses and EBITDA on Slide 9. In Q4, total operating expenses grew by $203 million or 2.7% year-over-year. Programming costs decreased by 0.5% year-over-year due to a decline in video customers of 2.3%, a higher mix of lighter video packages, a $31 million benefit related to sports network rebates that I mentioned earlier and $19 million of other favorable adjustments, all of which was partially offset by the high  by higher programming rates. Excluding both of the adjustments I just mentioned, programming costs grew by 1.2%. Looking at the full year 2022, we expect programming costs per video customer to grow in the mid-single digit percentage range. Regulatory, connectivity and produced content grew by 11.3% primarily driven by higher Lakers RSN costs, partially offset by lower original programming costs and regulatory and franchise fees. The Lakers cost growth was primarily driven by the delayed start of the NBA season in 2020, which drove fewer Lakers games charges in Q4 of 2020, making for a challenging comparison to this year. Excluding RSN costs from both years, regulatory, connectivity and produced content declined by 3.5%. Cost to service customers declined by 0.5% year-over-year, compared to 3% customer relationship growth. The decline was driven by lower transaction costs, mostly offset by previously announced wage increases, which will ultimately provide all hourly employees at Charter a starting minimum wage of $20 per hour by the end of the first quarter. Marketing expenses grew by 4.3% year-over-year. Mobile expenses totaled $724 million and were comprised of mobile device cost tied to device revenue, customer acquisition and service and operating costs. And other expenses declined by 6.5% driven primarily by lower advertising sales expense year-over-year, given the decline in political ad revenue this year and a one-time corporate cost in the prior year period. Adjusted EBITDA grew by 7.7% year-over-year in the quarter. Turning to net income on Slide 10. We generated $1.6 billion of net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the fourth quarter versus $1.2 billion last year. The year-over-year increase was driven by higher adjusted EBITDA. Turning to Slide 11. Capital expenditures totaled $2.1 billion in the fourth quarter, in line with last years fourth quarter spend, although the components of that spend were a bit different. Upgrade and rebuild grew by $66 million year-over-year due to plant replacement in those portions of our footprint that were damaged by Hurricane Ida. Scalable infrastructure spends declined by $45 million, given a stabilized level of network traffic growth and investments made earlier this year. We spent $127 million on mobile-related CapEx, which is mostly accounted for in support capital and was driven by investments in back-office systems and mobile store build-outs. For the full year 2021, cable capital intensity was lower than in 2020 and in line with our outlook. As we look to the full year 2022, we expect cable capital expenditures, excluding capital expenditures associated with our rural construction initiative, to be between $7.1 billion and $7.3 billion. We hope to spend about $1 billion in 2022 on capital expenditures related to our rural construction initiative or our construction within census block groups that are defined as rural. That spending includes our RDOF and other subsidized rural construction projects such as ARPU-related bills and spend associated with extending our plant to rural homes adjacent to our subsidized builds that our network does not reach today. We may not reach that targeted spend given a number of factors, including pull permitting and equipment and labor availability. Conversely, we continue to bid on additional broadband stimulus projects that could increase 2022 capital spending for overall construction initiative. Given the variables, our actual rural construction initiative spending may differ meaningfully from our target. As Tom mentioned, the expansion of our footprint into rural areas will help us drive additional customer growth and financial returns. And we view our rural construction initiative as similar to or equivalent to acquiring a rural cable operator. We plan to begin disclosing additional operating information associated with our rural construction initiative in 2022. Turning to mobile. We expect our full year 2022 mobile capital expenditures to be about $100 million less than our full year 2021 mobile capital spend, which totaled $482 million. Our 2022 mobile capital spend will consist primarily of back office system spend, the start of our CBRS small cell construction and some additional store build-out. We will continue to update you on our capital spending expectations as the year progresses. And as always, if we find new core cable, rural or mobile projects with attractive ROIs, well pursue them even if that means spending capital above our stated outlook. As Slide 12 shows, we generated nearly $2.3 billion of consolidated free cash flow this quarter, an increase of about $200 million or 10% year-over-year. We finished the third quarter with $91.2 billion in debt principal. Our current run rate annualized cash interest pro forma for financing activity completed in January is $4.2 billion. As of the end of the fourth quarter, our ratio of net debt to last 12-month adjusted EBITDA was 4.39 times. We intend to stay at or just below the high end of our four times to 4.5 times target leverage range. During the quarter, we repurchased 7.6 million Charter shares and Charter Holdings common units, totaling about $5.3 billion at an average price of $702 per share. For the full year 2021, we purchased 25.3 million shares at an average price of $683 per share for a total spend of $17.3 billion. And between September of 2016 and December of 2021, we have repurchased $56.8 billion or about 40% of Charters equity at an average price of $452 per share. Turning briefly to taxes. We expect to become a meaningful cash taxpayer in 2022. Subject to any corporate tax rate changes for the years 2022 through 2024, we expect our federal and state cash taxes to be approximately equal to our consolidated EBITDA less capital expenditures and cash interest expense multiplied by 23% to 25%. We expect the cash tax rate in 2022 to be in the mid-to-high teens range  percentage range, given some of our tax attributes that have carried over from 2021. Those estimates would include partnership tax distributions to advance new house that are captured separately in cash flows from financing in the financial statements. There are multiple pull factors that impact what I just described, and were always looking for ways to improve our cash tax profile. So, were looking forward to the rest of 2022 as we remain well positioned to succeed and grow given strong demand for our products, which is why we continue to aggressively build out more broadband passings and ensure that our network remains state of the art. Our well-proven strategy, which offers customers the highest quality products at very attractive prices drives customer and share growth, free cash flow growth and shareholder value. Operator, were now ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much. I guess two questions. First, any update on momentum in the broadband marketplace and how you feel the market is trending in terms of the competitive environment versus the market-related slowdown that you guys have been highlighting? And then secondly, just sort of structurally as you sit back and think about your wireless strategy, obviously, a lot of success in the fourth quarter. And Tom, you talked about wireless a lot in your prepared remarks. I think theres sort of two dynamics that your big wireless competitors would know. One is owners economics across wireless and wireline for two of your competitors. And then secondly, how do you manage wireless customers when its time for them to get a new phone when the wireless companies are waving a free new iPhone under their noses? Thank you so much.
Chris Winfrey: Doug, this is Chris. And we anticipated your question, and I have a few thoughts. But just put it in perspective. So, we added over 1.2 million Internet customers last year. And over the last two years, weve added nearly 3.5 million. And the rate of market activity and net additions growth has not been consistent through the pandemic with early on or 60-day offers, Keep Americans Connected, resulting payment plans, and more recently, subsidy plans. And we have the lowest market churn rate of all types that any of us have seen in cable. So that lower market churn has resulted in lower selling opportunities, which Jessica mentioned, with lower connects. And as a share gainer, that results in lower net adds. And our financial results, they actually demonstrate fully that lower transaction volume. So clearly, there was a pull forward of demand in 2020 due to the pandemic. But the lower customer activity environment we saw throughout 2021, including the fourth quarter, is being driven by a number of factors. That includes lower household move rates and housing completion rates, it includes lower voluntary churn everywhere we operate and much lower non-pay churn given the amount of subsidy programs that have been and remain available. And so those lower churn rates across each type of churn, theyve been uniformly lower relative to 2019 and even compared to the fourth quarter of 2020 across every region and every competitive footprint. So as a result, our sales and connect activity have also been muted by similar amounts in each part of the geographical and competitive footprint. In the fourth quarter, we continued to grow customer relationships across our footprint regardless of competitive technology or infrastructure. November activity levels were better than October, December was better than November. And then Omicron provided a setback to transaction volume in late December. So, we had good growth in operating and financial results last year. And our expectation is that well have a steady return to more normal transaction volume and selling opportunities as 2022 progresses and we get further into the year.
Tom Rutledge: And Doug, with regard to wireless competitive dynamics, I think that our pricing structure and the monthly recurring fee piece of the pricing value equation is superior net-net to what our competitors are offering. And were getting some traction with that. And of course, thats combined too with our superior broadband product and the continued investment we make in our broadband product in terms of its capabilities and how we make the wireless product work with our wireline product through the mobile speed boost technology opportunities and other technology opportunities that we have all affect the price value relationship that were presenting to the customer. But its true that replacement phones are being given away in the marketing strategies of our competitors, and we havent done that. And I think customers will have to  theyre currently making the evaluation that we have a good product, and theyre buying our product. But I think its really our challenges to make sure that the customers perception of value is appropriate, and thats our marketing and branding strategy. But if we need to change our competitive posture, we can. I dont see  I think what were doing right now is the best strategy for us, but it doesnt preclude us from future strategies. But the fundamental value proposition that were providing is superior service, a fully packaged communication service everywhere we operate, which none of our competitors do and making that a better value and driving customer relationships by having better products and services. And the deeper we penetrate, the lower our costs. And the lower our costs, the better the value we can provide.
Doug Mitchelson: Understood. Thank you both.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Doug. April, well take our next question please.
Operator: Your next question is from Jonathan Chaplin with New Street Research.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thanks. Two questions. First, Tom, the  27% of the total connectivity market today. Taking a sort of a very long-term view, if we look at the market in its end state, what do you think your fair share of that total revenue opportunity is? And what are the margins for an integrated infrastructure asset look like when we get to that end state? And then looking more near term, theres been a lot of investor concern recently around the impact to future ARPU from some of the competitive entry that weve seen from fiber a bit more so from fixed wireless broadband. Can you give us just some insight into what youre seeing around pricing dynamics in new fiber build markets? And then how you think about Verizon offering a $30 product over wireless? Thank you.
Tom Rutledge: Well, I  my point of showing the 27% share was that we have a lot of runway and that theres a huge opportunity for us to grow our business, both horizontally and vertically. And what I mean by horizontally and vertically is, I think we can have more customers thats horizontal. And I think we can have higher revenue because we have more product being sold even though those unit prices are going to be lower in the future than they are today. What does a converged network look like in the future? I think, we continue to enhance the experience on the mobile device where its used the most first and continue to enhance that value by using our superior WiFi network in the new WiFi 6E spectrum available to us and our ability to provide better managed WiFi services through technological change, along with the use of other Spectrum like CBRS to smart capitally efficient way apply technological solutions that reduce cost to us and improve service to the customer. And by doing that, you get a very virtuous product development cycle in that you get better and better services available at lower and lower costs. And so I think we can do that by using our network and using the tools available to us, both in unlicensed and licensed Spectrum and the technology management tools that we can use to manage the experience on those mobile devices as well as all the other devices that are connected to our network. And I think that when you think about mobility and wireless, those two notions somewhat from a technology point of view are converging as well. And most wireless devices are connected to our network. And so I think we can continue to build value and build share using the mobile marketplace as a sort of fuel for that. Do you want to?
Chris Winfrey: The second question, Ill start, and then others can chime in. The question was regarding ARPU pressure in competitive markets. And Jonathan, you know that over the years, our strategy has always been about providing high-quality service at an attractive price in the marketplace, first and foremost, so that we could grow faster. And thats always worked for us. But secondly, it makes our markets less attractive from an overbuild situation and puts us in a different position today as we sit in our markets with very competitive prices already on the entire base. So thats how we think about our positioning in the marketplace. It hasnt changed. We have a retail strategy and standard pricing across our entire footprint. We react competitively as needed in the marketplace, but we already have attractive prices. We have great service. And we have a product combination that Tom was just talking about that our competitors cant replicate in all of our passings, which is the ability to extend that good broadband service that we have, together with an integrated mobile and converged Internet product over time. And we have the ability to upgrade our network at a faster pace and lower cost than any of our competitors across all of our passings, not just cherry picking where we think its most attractive demographically. Thats how we think about the marketplace in the past. And I know others have always said the investment community, should you take rates up? That hasnt been our strategy. Our strategy actually works very well in this type of marketplace as well.
Tom Rutledge: Yes. The only thing I would add to that is, so funded  what that all means is that we have fundamentally a lower cost structure than our competitors and where our capital investment strategy is designed to maintain that capability, which we think ultimately gives us a better competitive posture. So, we can grow and have better products working at lower costs than can be replicated by our competitors. Anybody can spend enough capital and replicate your service, obviously. But we can do it more efficiently, which is, I think, our competitive opportunity. The other thing I would say just about the current environment is that from a competitive point of view, when we look at our churn, our move churn is down. Our non-pay churn is down, and our voluntary churn is down to historic levels. So, our actual ability to operate in the environment is pretty effective.
Chris Winfrey: And what Tom said is, what I said as well earlier is thats across all competitive footprints, all geographies. Jonathan, you asked this other question about fixed wireless broadband. I know youve written on it in the past, and we agree with you that the utilization of scarce resources and Spectrum or somebody elses densification to get a one out of 50 type return on the utilization of your asset, which is what happens with fixed wireless broadband applications versus mobility, we agree with that. Youve written about it. I know Craig wrote about it a couple of weeks ago in a pretty concise way. And there wasnt anything in there that we actually disagreed with. And youve made the point yourself previously, and we think thats right. And we think thats going to become pretty evident to most everybody over time.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Jonathan. April, well take our next question.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning. First, a question on the network and high splits. I think, Tom, you said  I think it was Tom talked about spending some capital on that this year. I think thats inside of the $7.1 billion and $7.3 billion. So just maybe you could help us with kind of sizing that investment, either qualitatively or quantitatively? And sort of how much of the footprint do you expect to impact with that technology deployment, and what it does competitively or from a product point of view? And then I just want to come back to wireless. I know you guys have been working hard to put the pieces in place to sort of be more aggressive in the marketplace. Are we there now? Or is there more as you look into 2022 that youre going to do on the wireless side, whether its billing system-related or sales channel-related or something else that can offer an opportunity to even further accelerate what obviously has been a pretty impressive acceleration over the last few quarters.
Tom Rutledge: Well, on the high split, Ill say this that were deploying the technology. And I said in my prepared remarks that we can go to symmetrical speeds, gigabit speeds. We can go to multi-gig downspeed  downstream speeds. And as I said earlier, were holding our own competitively as it is. And the value of the high split is that by putting  by re-architecting the network that way, which is basically just an electronic drop in, we can quit spending money on augmentation or node splits at the same rate that weve been spending. And so I think the best way to think about it is that depending on speed of construction and on a relative basis, yes, its in the $7.1 billion and $7.3 billion. And the general capital intensity over a multiyear period associated with that kind of upgrade will maintain the kind of capital intensity that we heretofore had. With regard to wireless billing, the wireless billing opportunity is that weve just built a new billing system, and its just being deployed. It was deployed in the  to some extent at the end of the fourth quarter, but not the full fourth quarter. And it gives us new opportunities for selling and making the selling process easier. When we initially launched mobile, we launched it on a platform, both us and Comcast together through our JV launched on a common platform that was segregated from the traditional cable platform. And so it  obviously, we did well with it. But weve rearchitected all of that and deployed a brand-new system that gets us better integrated sales capabilities and better integrated billing capabilities that ultimately makes the sales process easier, our ability to go faster with less friction is enhanced by those capabilities. And so were optimistic that we can continue to accelerate our growth there.
Chris Winfrey: You asked about other developments. The deeper deployment of our advanced in-home WiFi, which includes giving customers more control over their WiFi in the home, the deeper deployment of that across our base as well as more functionality that will be applied there. Tom mentioned as well the mobile speed boost as well as a way to enhance the value of this converged offer that we have. So theres a number of product development pieces that are in the pipeline that are going to continue to add value. Obviously, the CBRS test this year, which Tom also mentioned, thats a market rollout. But thats not going to be across our entire footprint just yet. So, I wouldnt hang too much on that just for 2022. But theres a lot of development thats in the pipeline to continue to make this product better than our competitors and more integrated.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: All right, thanks Ben. April, well take our next question please.
Operator: Your next question is from Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson.
Craig Moffett: Yes. Hi, guys. A couple of questions, staying with wireless for a minute. First, can you just talk about the wireless sale? That is, are you primarily selling at the time that people move, and theyre establishing a relationship with Charter for broadband and other services, and youre selling that as a bundle? Or are you selling into existing broadband subscribers? And then second, as I think about the offload that youve already achieved, can you just talk about the kind of margins that you think you can get to in this business? And how much traffic you think youll be able to fully offload so that relative to a traditional wireless customer at one of the three majors, how much lower you think the cellular usage for your customers might be relative to those competitors as a benchmark?
Tom Rutledge: Okay. In terms of moving and upgrading, the  were in a low churn environment, so the yield on that segment of moves and people who are in a moment where theyre more likely to be changing services is lower. Weve actually had  weve achieved additional sell-in using mobile as part of that process. But the bulk of our mobile growth is still coming from upgrades at the moment if you just look at net changes in the broadband versus net changes in mobile. But  and interestingly, the mix is changing too to more multiline and because of the way weve priced it and the value proposition more  and more full unlimited service. I expect that through time, well get more pull-through on the new customer creation side of it. But just when you do the math in terms of where the opportunity is to grow mobile, given our existing broadband penetration, the  just mathematically, we have more upside in upgrades. But it has both effects. In terms of offload and margins, Ive said previously that we could do more than 30% of the offload, I think, through CBRS. We also are already offloading enormous amounts of traffic on WiFi. And I think that we have the ability to take that up significantly, too. So, Im not going to give you a full number, but its substantial.
Jessica Fischer: And I guess the piece that I would add to that is that we have margin that were generating from our mobile customers today. So, you have negative EBITDA in the mobile business, but thats driven really by customer acquisition costs and our rate of growth in the business. Were generating margin from those customers today, and we can do the CBRS deployment on  in a very targeted manner. So, we can look at the CBRS deployment targeted on a  in an ROI-generating fashion. So that every radio we deploy really increases the margin and increases the value of the mobile business. So, I think that, that piece is important as you think about how we grow profitability in that business that we will grow profitability by adding CBRS and by growing the offload. But those customers stand-alone are generating margin today.
Tom Rutledge: Go ahead.
Craig Moffett: I was just  do you think this could be sort of a 10% margin business long term, a 20% margin business? Its a small part. How profitable might it be?
Jessica Fischer: I like to try. Were not going to go there on guidance for margin in the long-term. But I do think that its an important part of thinking about the growth story for EBITDA in the long-term and that as we find those opportunities to increase the margin through deploying capital through CBRS or by sort of upgrading the way that the system offloads traffic overall that well continue to do those things.
Tom Rutledge: I would just say we dont have to do CBRS to make mobile work.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. Agreed.
Tom Rutledge: And margins will improve regardless.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Craig. April, well take our next question please?
Operator: Your next question is from Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Kraft: Hi, good morning. Maybe just a follow-up on that. Jessica, you talked about how you could be very targeted with the CBRS deployment. Just wanted to follow-up, could you talk a bit about the coverage requirements you have with the CBRS licenses? I understand the goal is to move traffic onto your network, where theres high traffic density. But I guess Im just trying to understand what youre required to do from a coverage perspective and how that might impact the breadth of the deployment. Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: Yes. So, Ill take that. We do have across the regions that we acquired the Spectrum, some minimal amount of deployment across those areas. It doesnt have to be deep, and it doesnt have to be expensive from a deployment standpoint. Its over a multiyear period. And so in every market where weve acquired Spectrum, theres always going to be extremely high traffic areas. And we feel really comfortable we can satisfy the deployment commitment at a pretty low cost and then go from there in terms of just picking and choosing where it makes sense either from a product capability perspective or from an ROI perspective is what Jessica was saying.
Tom Rutledge: Yes. And when we talk about a full market deployment, were talking about a full market deployment where it makes sense. And what that means is, were putting these radios where traffic dictates that the radio should be and that the amount of offload would reduce our costs sufficiently to pay back the investment in the radios quickly, yes. And so its opportunistic capital, which generates a higher margin on the mobile business.
Bryan Kraft: Thank you. If I could just ask one follow-up. Could you just remind us what the dates are around those license for you to meet coverage milestones, minimal coverage milestones?
Chris Winfrey: Yes, its public, and so were not  Im not hiding it. I just dont know it off  I dont remember it off the top of my head. But its a multiyear outlay. If you follow-up with Stefan, he can get you the exact dates because it is public as part of the FCC process.
Bryan Kraft: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Stefan Anninger: April, well take our next question please?
Operator: Your next question is from Phil Cusick with JPMorgan.
Phil Cusick: Hi guys. Thank you. A couple of  actually one follow-up. You commented on the pace of broadband through the fourth quarter, and I know there was  I think there was a New York runoff there as well. But Im curious how you think about seasonality versus typical. Is seasonality sort of running in the business these days? Or is the sort of underlying engine just running more normal through the year? And then second, on SMB, that decelerated this quarter. Maybe you can talk about any update on efforts there as well as conversations with enterprises, what are you seeing? Thanks very much.
Jessica Fischer: Phil, Ill pick up on two of those. First just around seasonality. I mean, certainly, our results looked different over the course of this year than you would see from a seasonality perspective over a normal year. And one of the things that weve been thinking about that we see a lower number of college student enrollments. And so some of those markets have looked sort of different from what we would normally expect. And the overall environment does appear to be sort of more impacted, as Chris mentioned, by things like COVID waves and seeing lower activity when something like Omicron happens. We also did see some impacts from other things on the New York State side, New York had a moratorium on certain disconnects. It did drive a onetime spike in Internet non-pay disconnects. It was about 20,000 in the quarter. So, if you head back that out, we would have been at 210,000 rather than 190,000 but not a huge impact in terms of the overall net adds for the year, which we still thought were very good if they were dispersed a little less evenly.
Tom Rutledge: And I guess to speak to seasonality. Video was very seasonal. In the fall season, you had a tremendous uptick. Fourth quarter was big, although Cablevision because of the Hampton has a sort of an opposite effect. But fourth quarter is a big issue in video, not  but as Jessica said, the college student situation has been unusual lately. And wireless has its own cadence too, which Im not sure we fully grasp yet, although we have people who think they do. And whether theres an underlying broadband seasonality, its hard to say. So, I do think that the traditional seasonality in the business is going to be different. And obviously, the effects of COVID have been dramatic in terms of quarter-to-quarter changes in growth. Even in the last quarter, it was very interesting in that the activity levels had  were at  hit their lowest level in both October, and they started  November was better than October, and December was better than November. And Omicron affected us at the end of December. So its hard to say whether that trend will continue, but my guess is it will steadily improve.
Chris Winfrey: There was a second question on enterprise. I didnt catch that. Was that also tied to seasonality?
Phil Cusick: And SMB. Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: In terms of seasonality there with those businesses? Enterprise has been from a retail perspective...
Phil Cusick: I thought  SMB was down sequentially. Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: Yes. The SMB business is doing very well. I know relative to last year, it may not look quite as much. But last year, you had an SMB surge coming out of really the lockdown tied to COVID. So the year-over-year comparison there is less favorable. But the underlying trends that were seeing coming out of Q4 in the SMB despite everything that COVID has brought, SMBs continuing to do well and steady. Despite everything that would suggest there might be some pressure there, were performing well in SMB. On the enterprise side, there are markets that are still coming back underperforming, New York City and L.A., in particular. But despite that, if you take a look at the underlying retail PSU growth and revenue growth, were on a steady march to sequentially improving over many, many quarters now. And that business is looking more healthy. And once we get back into a normal environment, there wont be that much seasonality tied to enterprise as it will continue to get better is our hope.
Phil Cusick: Thanks guys.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Phil. April, well take our next question please?
Operator: Your next question is from Vijay Jayant with Evercore.
Vijay Jayant: Hi, good morning. I just wanted to  something now that youre going to start seeing some RDOF CapEx really come through. Can you sort of remind us  and actually, Jessica, you mentioned looks like as though you did another cable acquisition, can you sort of remind us sort of what are the sort of levered or unlevered IRRs you think you can get, especially in sort of a divergent opportunity there? Obviously, it will be an impact on total company free cash, but its probably a fantastic project. Can you just help us think through the long-term returns on that investment?
Jessica Fischer: Sure. So, I would point out that you used the word long-term. And I do think that we think of the investment in RDOF really as a long-term investment in terms of creating returns. But based on the kind of markets that those were in and the success really that we saw in the New York State build-out, we think that we can generate mid-teen IRRs in the long-term from building those passings. And from a project perspective, Id also point out that a lot of that has already started and has to be. The spend there will be a little lumpy. So you have to spend money upfront to do things like go  do walkouts and figure out where  and figure out how to attach to the polls and design your construction, and that all takes time. So what youre going to see is youll see sort of cash investment going in upfront, thats going to happen before we light up the passings and the passings then will sort of trail behind that. And thats all sort of factored into the way we think about the IRR of the investment, but it will look different from what I think are sort of normal placing in service of passing on a year-to-year basis book line.
Vijay Jayant: If I could another one on this CapEx  excuse me, taxes. You talked about being a meaningful taxpayer in 2022, and you still have some tax credits and NOL carryforward. Any help on how close to being a full statutory taxpayer you are likely to be in 2022?
Jessica Fischer: Yes. I mean, I think you can look back in the comments in the script, but its  if you take our EBITDA and subtract from that capital expenditures and cash interest for the year and then multiply that by a mid-teens number, you get there. So you can see the credits and the carryforward on the balance sheet. There is some of that carryforward thats still subject to limitations on our usage going forward. And so based on that, weve sort of come through that process to get to what we think is an appropriate rate for 2022.
Vijay Jayant: Great. Thanks so much.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Vijay. April well take our last question please?
Operator: Your last question is from John Hodulik with UBS.
John Hodulik: Hi. Thanks guys. Thanks for all the detail on the rural build-out. Can you give us a sense  I think you guys have been adding about 1 million homes passed a year for the last few years. And does that ramp from here? If you could give us a sense on  it sounds like it may be the ramp is a little bit slower this year, but whats a good sort of run rate once youre  once all the money is coming in, and youre getting it out there and sort of executing on that strategy? And then a follow-up on pricing. I think you guys typically take a price increase November, December on the broadband side. And I dont believe that happened this year. Is that something we could expect early in 2022 here? Or has your view on sort of slow methodical sort of price increases on the broadband side changed? Thanks.
Jessica Fischer: Sure. So I can start on the sort of home passed per year. I think the rate that we are typically add is around 1 million a year. I think the commitment that weve made around RDOF build one million additional FCC locations, one million additional passings over the course of five years. I think that if you pace it in that way that youll be close, though the caveat that I would add to it that we do continue to be  to bid on additional subsidized build projects. And in addition to that, we have spaces that well build that are the space between our network today and where the subsidized build projects are or that are in rural areas that arent part of those projects that are sort of close to what we passed today. And so in addition to those passings that weve committed under RDOF, you might see additional passings. And if were really successful in the subsidized build space, you might see even more. But I think thats a good place to start as you think about what well be able to place in service.
John Hodulik: So just as a clarification, is that  so is that all incremental to the one million you were doing previously?
Jessica Fischer: It is incremental to the one million.
John Hodulik: Got it. Great.
Tom Rutledge: Yes. And with regard to broadband rates, our view is that has always been that we think that our total packaged product should be able to drive the bulk of our revenue and EBITDA growth. And we have tried to continue to make our product more valuable so that we sell more customers. And our anticipation is that thats going to be our continued strategy, and that well be able to grow our business nicely and grow our revenue nicely by combining our mobile products with our wireline products. And so there is no rate increase in broadband planned in the short run.
John Hodulik: Got it. Thanks Tom.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, John. Thanks to everyone. That concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the charter Third Quarter 2021, Investor Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. To ask a question during the session you will need to press [Operator Instructions] on your Telephone. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. If you require any further assistance [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Stefan Anninger. Please go ahead sir.
Stefan Anninger: Good morning and welcome to Charter 's third quarter 2021 investor call. Presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K and also our 10-K filed this morning. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call. However, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect management's current view only and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements or to make additional forward-looking statements in the future. During the course of today's call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures as defined by Charter, may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. Please also note that all growth rates noted on this call, and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise specified. On today's call, we have Tom Rutledge, Chairman and CEO, Chris Winfrey, our COO, and Jessica Fisher, our CFO. With that, let's turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Rutledge: Good morning and thank you, Stefan. We performed well in the third quarter, with good customer growth and very strong financial results. However, we're operating in an unusual environment where the market effects of COVID-19 have not yet normalized. Market churn remains historically low such that net gains are being driven by much lower transaction activity. Despite that, for the full quarter, we added 185,000 customer relationships, with customer growth of 3.3% year-over-year. We also added 265,000 Internet customers in the quarter, and 1.3 million over the last year for a year-over-year growth of 4.4%. We added 244,000 mobile lines and supported by lower churn and a more tenured customer base, we grew our adjusted EBITDA by a strong 13.9% in our quarterly free cash flow by over 700 million year-over-year. Our view is that we have a long and robust runway of customer growth ahead of us. Today, our network passes over 54 million homes and businesses, and we're doing business with approximately 32 million of them, leaving us with over 20 million opportunities to create new customer relationships. There also approximately 120 million mobile broadband lines in our footprint, and we are currently serving 3.2 million of those. We're currently very underpenetrated. We're looking forward -- looking forward, we remain focused on improving both the quality and value of our products as data usage in the home and outside the home continues to increase at a rapid pace. Earlier this month, we launched our new and highly attractive unlimited multiline pricing structure, which allows customers to save even more on their mobile bills. Early next year, we will launch a field trial of our CBRS small cells in a full market area, allowing participants to attach to our CBRS small cell access points when they are outside of Wi - Fi coverage, providing our spectrum mobile customers with even faster speeds, while improving the economics of our mobile business. We also continue to deliver improving wireline connectivity products. Today, over 70% of our Internet customers subscribe to tiers that provide 200 megabits or more of speed. And our new Wi - Fi 6 Routers and Spectrum Wi-Fi pods managed by our advanced home Wi - Fi platform and our -- My Spectrum App. Provide customers with complete home coverage and greater control of their home networks and connected devices. As expected, we continue to see very high demand for data by our customers. During the quarter, non-video Internet customers used over 600 gigabytes per month, stable as of late, but more than 30% higher than pre -pandemic levels. And today, close to 20% of our non-video Internet customers use a terabyte or more of data per month. In order to increase the capacity and speed on our network for next-generation products and services, we've developed a multifaceted approach to our network evolution comprised of a number of technologies which will be deployed where they make the most sense strategically and economically, delivering the very fastest speeds and lowest latency at the lowest cost and time to deploy. We continued to expand our capacity by splitting nodes, but we have a cost -effective approach to deliver multi-gigabit speeds in the downstream and a gigabit per second -- symmetrical speeds in both downstream and upstream directions, all using our deployed DOCSIS 3.1 platform. And high-splits, which are currently being tested in market, not only allow for increased speeds in the near-term, but are also a capital-efficient way, as they currently use deployed DOCSIS 3.1 customer premises equipment and reduce the need for node splits, which require an average consumer bandwidth utilization, which will require as consumer bandwidth utilization increase. What I'm saying there is that the high-split actually uses the capital that was needed for node splits. We also continue to actively develop our DOCSIS 4.0 [Indiscernible] technology plant architecture, and roll-out, which allows us to cost effectively and cost efficiently offer greater gigabit speeds in both the downstream and upstream. And of course, we're already using fiber-to-the-home technology in a number of use cases across our footprint, including rural areas such as our [Indiscernible] in an MDUs and Greenfield build areas where the economics makes sense. Ultimately, our plant will be comprised of the most bandwidth - rich and cost -effective technologies, enabling us to deliver the fastest speeds in the industry in a more cost-efficient manner than competitors ubiquitously across 24 million passings and growing. So with our network and product capabilities, we remain confident in our ability to grow our customers penetration, EBITDA, and free cash flow for many years to come. Before turning the call over to Chris, I want to make a few comments about our recently announced management changes and promotions. October 19th, we announced that John Bickham had been appointed Vice Chairman ahead of his previously announced retirement at the end of 2022. I worked with John for 3 decades and at every turn his knowledge, leadership, and steady hand did not only contribute greatly to the success of the Companies we led but made a profound impact on the growth of our industry. I'm grateful that John will continue to serve Charter in his new capacity as strategic advisor to me and the executive team. We also recently announced that Chris Winfrey had been promoted Chief Operating Officer. Over the past 11 years, Chris has influenced on Charter, has expanded far beyond that of a typical CFO. He has been actively involved in all our business operations and that deep knowledge combined with his previous operational experience in Europe, will serve us well as Charter's next Chief Operating Officer. And John's guidance as Vice Chairman, will help ensure a successful transition for Chris into the COO role. As Chris moves to COO, we've also promoted Jessica Fischer, previously Executive Vice President of Finance, Chief Financial Officer. Jessica's leadership and financial expertise has benefited Charter for many years, both in her roles at Charter and while at E&Y, where she was a key advisor during our 2016 transactions. In our new growth, Jessica will have an even greater impact on Charter's success. Finally, Rich [Indiscernible], our Chief Products and Technology Officer, ads oversight of network and software operations to his current responsibilities, leading the product and technology organization with expanded responsibility, Rich who both shaped the customer experience and lead our network's critical evolution into the 10G future, delivering to our customers a superior broadband connectivity experience. Now I will turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks, Tom. I wanted to make a few comments about what we're seeing in the marketplace and briefly discuss our long-term market opportunity. Residential customer activity, particularly churn, has taken longer than we expected to return to normal levels. The overall lower level of market churn has reduced sales opportunities available to us. But interestingly, the value of net additions is even higher in this environment. We still maintained good continued customer growth. Given that the start of Q4 feels similar to Q3, we now expect current-year Internet net adds to look more like 2018 than 2019, as record low churn of every type has not offset higher loss selling opportunities from competitors churn. That lower overall transaction volume has exposed the high level underlying EBITDA and cash flow growth that is normally matched by even higher unit growth. With fewer new customers than usual, we have a lower mix of customers on promotion benefiting our customer relationship [Indiscernible]. Additionally, lower sales volume has driven lower expense and capital expenditures associated with sales and installation, lower upfront provisioning cost, and fewer service calls and truck rolls, which are more frequent with newer customers. Ultimately, market churn will return, driving more sales opportunities, and a return to normal net addition environment for Charter. As that happens, we would expect a reversal of some of the transactional financial benefits I mentioned a moment ago. We thought that would happen by the summer of this year, but it hasn't happened quite yet. Lower transactions have lowered costs and at the same time, our cost per existing customer relationship continues to get better. Our service model drives lower service calls and truck rolls with nearly 100% in-sourcing of our call centers now, improving tools for employees, and increasing customer usage of our digital and automated platforms. The service churn and expense benefits of those initiatives will continue for years. We've also continued to invest in our product marketing sales capabilities, and our yield for close rate has been growing, albeit on lower sales traffic. And we continue to grow Internet customers across our footprint, regardless of the competitive technology or in Infrastructure. Earlier this month, we announced new mobile multi-line pricing designed to drive new mobile relationships, more lines per relationship, and ultimately, stimulate overall market movement and sales opportunities for all of our products, including Internet. Mobile and wireline broadband are converging into a single connectivity service package. And we offer the nation's fastest overall mobile service, combined with our Wi - Fi invest mobile pricing, which offers unlimited service for just $29.99 per line per month in households which have two or more lines. An average household served by the big 3 mobile broadband competitors with two lines and mobile broadband and wireline broadband spends approximately $200 per month on its telecom services. With our pricing and packaging, a Spectrum customer can purchase our Internet product and two lines of our unlimited mobile product with faster service for nearly 50% less, and with more lines means more savings. And customers can also combine 5-a-gig rate plans for $14 per gig, with 1 or more unlimited lines to take advantage of the new 29.99 unlimited line pricing. Today, we have roughly 2 million of our 54 million passings subscribed to this converged connectivity service. So as Tom mentioned, we have a very long runway for customer and market share growth created by an ability to save customers hundreds or even thousands of dollars per year with better product capabilities and service. As Tom mentioned, Jessica has been promoted to CFO. I had the opportunity to work with Jessica for over 10 years, 5 years, while she was partner at E&Y advising us. Including on the structure of the Time Warner Cable and Bright House transactions. In the past five years, she's been at Charter, she steadily grown our responsibilities from initially overseeing tax and treasury, that in procurement, internal audit, investor relations, and acquisitions and capital markets activities, all of which has prepared her to take over the CFO role. Now I will turn the call over to Jessica to cover our Q3 results in more detail.
Jessica Fischer: Thanks, Chris. Now let's turn to our results on Slide 5. We will continue to reference the COVID schedules we provided last year and included again on Slide 17 and 18 of today's presentation to help with year-over-year financial comparisons. Total residential and SMB customer relationships by 185,000 in the third quarter and by 1 million in the last 12 months. Including residential and SMB, we grew our internet customers by 265,000 in the quarter and by 1.3 million or 4.4% over the last 12 months. Video declined by a 121,000 in the third quarter. Wireline voice declined by 216,000 and we added 244,000 mobile lines in the quarter. As of the end of the quarter, we had 3.2 million mobile lines. Despite the lower number of selling opportunities from cable sales, we continue to drive mobile growth with our high-quality attractively - priced service, rather than using device subsidies. Moving to our financial results starting on slide 6. Over the last year, we grew total residential customers by over 900,000 or 3.2%. Residential revenue per customer relationship increased by 5.6% year-over-year, given last year's third quarter residential revenue adjustment of 218 million per sports network credits that we provided to video customers, as well as promotional rates step-ups, video rate adjustments that passed through programmer rate increases and a greater mix of longer tenured customers. Those were partially offset by the same bundle and mix trends we have seen over the past year, including a higher mix of non-video customers and a higher mix of choice essentials and stream customers within our video base. Keep in mind that our residential ARPU does not reflect any mobile revenue. As Slide 6 shows, residential revenue grew by 9.4% year-over-year, reflecting customer relationship growth in last year's COVID impacts. Turning to commercial, SMB revenue grew by 7.5%. This growth rate reflects COVID related impacts of $11 million that negatively impacted the third quarter of 2020, excluding this impact from last year SMB revenue grew by 6.3% faster than the second quarter growth when making the same COVID related adjustment. Enterprise revenue was up 6.4% year-over-year and included some one-time fees which were a benefit in this quarter. Excluding the benefit from this year, enterprise revenue grew by 3.8% and by 6.5% when additionally excluding all wholesale revenue. Enterprise PSUs grew by 4.5% year-over-year. Third quarter advertising revenue declined 15.1% year-over-year, primarily due to less political revenue in 2021, partially offset by COVID impact last year. When compared to the third quarter of 2019, advertising revenue declined by 0.8%, primarily due to local ad revenue, particularly auto, mostly offset by our growing advanced advertising capabilities. Excluding auto, the third quarter advertising grew by 8% over the third quarter of 2019. Mobile revenue totaled 535 million, with 201 million of that revenue being device revenue, and other revenue grew by 6.5% year-over-year. In total, consolidated third quarter revenue was up 9.2% year-over-year. Moving to operating expenses on Slide 7, in Q3, total operating expenses grew by 460 million or 6.2% year-over-year. Similar to revenue, the year-over-year operating expense growth rate is elevated due to 2020 COVID effects. Programming increased 9.4% year-over-year due to last year's third quarter benefit of 163 million related to sports network rebates and higher programming rates. These factors were partially offset by a higher mix of lighter video packages such as choice, essentials, and stream. Regulatory connectivity and produced content grew by 3.5%, primarily driven by higher regulatory and franchise fees and video CPE s sold to the customers. Cost to service customer's were essentially flat year-over-year compared to 3.3% customer relationship growth, excluding bad debt, cost-to-service customers declined by 2.8% year-over-year. And that's despite a higher number of customers and outsize hourly wage increases that we put through earlier this year. Bad debt was higher by $47 million year-over-year, but still nearly $75 million were lower when compared to the third quarter of 2019. Marketing expenses were also flat year-over-year, primarily driven by the lower sales environment. Mobile expenses totaled $607 million and were comprised at mobile device costs tied to device revenue, customer acquisition, and service and operating costs, and other expenses grew by 3.8%, driven primarily by higher corporate costs, partially offset by lower advertising sales expense year-over-year, given the absence of political revenue this year. Adjusted EBITDA grew by 13.9% in the quarter. Turning to net income on Slide 8. We generated $1.2 billion of net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the third quarter versus 814 million last year. The year-over-year increase was driven by higher adjusted EBITDA. Training to Slide 9, capital expenditures totaled $1.9 billion in the third quarter below last year's third quarter spend of 2 billion driven by lower scalable infrastructure spend primarily due to a stabilized level of network traffic growth at investments made earlier this year. a decrease in line extension spend driven by housing built delays due to supply chain constraints in the housing industry and lower support capital primarily due to timing. We spent $119 million on mobile-related CapEx this quarter, which is mostly accounted for in support capital, and was driven by investments in back-office systems and mobile store build-outs. For the full-year 2021, we expect cable capital expenditures to be relatively consistent as a percentage of cable revenue versus 2020. As slide 10 shows, we generated nearly $2.5 billion of consolidated free cash flow this quarter, an increase of $722 million or 41.2% year-over-year. We finished the quarter with $87.9 billion in debt principal. Our current run rate annualized cash interest pro forma for financing activity completed in October is $4.1 billion. As of the end of the third quarter, our net debt to last 12 month adjusted EBITDA was 4.32 times. We intend to stay at or just below the high end of our 4 to 4.5 times leverage range. During the quarter, we repurchased 5.3 million Charter shares in Charter holdings, common units, totaling about $4 billion at an average price of $753 per share. Year-to-date, we've purchased $12 billion of our stock in common unit and since September of 2016, we have repurchased $51.4 billion or 37.5% of Charter's equity at an average price of $436 per share. Our results show that even in this unusual environment, our flexible and robust business and service model, which benefits economically from lower customer transaction activity still drives outstanding EBITDA and free cash flow. Coupling that with our unique balance sheet structure and a proven capital allocation strategy, we will continue to produce shareholder value for years to come. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Vijay Jayant with Evercore.
Vijay Jayant: Hi. Good morning. Just wanted to of unpack obviously, some of the trends on broadband. There's some sense out there that some of this could be competition. Is there any way you can talk about what you're seeing in the marketplace from fiber or fixed wireless in any sense? And then question on -- for Tom Rutledge on your CapEx comments this morning, it looks like you're going to deploy high-splits and -- that will probably reduce the need of doing notes as going forward, can you talk about broadly the cost impact of that shift in strategy if you go down that path, [Indiscernible] bring forward some CapEx while the total CapEx there is a lot really changed over the long term, is that really the message? Thanks.
Tom Rutledge: Let me start with the high-split question first. And we are deploying it in market to see how it works and how it actually works in the real world. But our sense of it is that you get symmetrical gigabit speeds out of it. But you also get the augmentation capacity that we've been spending capital on for years as average consumer growth in usage of data continues to increase. And so when you take the actual capital and let that against it, it becomes a very low cost of incremental capital. And at the same time becomes operationally a lot more capable in terms of the products that you can deliver on the network. So we think it's a very capital-efficient way of upgrading the network and maintaining our superiority from a competitive point of view everywhere we operate. In terms of how we're doing in the marketplace and what the competitive environment's like, The competitive environment is similar to what it's been and when we look at the effects of the marketplace in terms of net ads in the churn environment we're in. We're seeing the same effect where there are no wireline competitors as we do with wireline competitors in terms of net ads, proportionately to -- say 2019. And so we're seeing that the competitive environment doesn't appear to be significantly different than it has been. It's always been a competitive environment. And that the effects of a lower activity are, throughout the marketplace, regardless of what the infrastructure we're competing against is.
Vijay Jayant: Great. Thanks so much.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Vijay, April will take our next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. And congratulations, Chris and Jessica on the promotions. I want to ask questions similar to Vijah's, if you don't mind, I guess two of them. One is you guys are obviously describing an environment that is impacting, that adds tied to activity, but the market is focused on competition. If we were to look at markets that Charter operates in with fiber competition, I know AT&T;s been adding fiber for a number of years. Would we see a dramatically different business in terms of penetration and ARPU and even pricing strategy than if we looked at Charter's footprint in DSL market? I think that'd be a helpful framework to think about this. And then number 2 is on the network, again, following Vijay 's line of thought. And Chris be interested in your perspective given your European experience. We're seeing some cable companies in Europe essentially skip Docsis 4.0 and go fiber. And I know there is major structural differences there versus here, but I'm just wondering if there's any thought in your head about where fiber might make sense or what would cause you to move towards fiber-to-the-home versus 4.0 and extended Spectrum Docsis, which seems to be your plan A right now. Anyway, I would love to hear your thoughts on those two. Thank you.
Tom Rutledge: I would just -- I would say that in fiber markets versus DSL markets, that our business model works pretty much the same way. And there are slight variations and penetration everywhere we operate for a variety of reasons, but they're very similar businesses and our growth rates are similar structurally. So we've been able to grow market share in every environment we operate in. Pretty much in terms of facilities based competition for variety of reasons. It's not just capacity in every case. It's sometimes services, sometimes the overall product mix, including the mobile piece of it. We've found ways to make our product work regards of the operating environment.
Chris Winfrey: The difference between Europe and the U.S. they're completely different densities. And we do fiber-to-the-home today in rural environments, often in [Indiscernible] environments and on the increment we're doing greenfield, but the capabilities of the DOCSIS 3.1 network, it really has a very long runway which is what Tom has mentioned at extremely low capital costs and provides all kinds of opportunity, including picking overtime, how you attack with Docsis 4.0 and fiber-to-the-home. But we have a really capital-efficient path that doesn't -- that means that we don't have to go down that safe path. And a lot of the difference here is, I think, driven more by density than anything else.
Tom Rutledge: Density in conduits and the way markets are built, it's a much different environment here. But the reality is that we can upgrade our network at way less than it cost to build fiber platform over top of it. And fiber works for us on the incremental [Indiscernible], it works for us in certain kinds of MDU Environments, certain kinds of greenfield new construction environments. But in terms of taking existing infrastructure that we've already deployed in three quarters of a million miles of Infrastructure essentially -- that we can upgrade at very low costs. Orders of magnitude less than a cost to build fiber and get equal performance. In those cases faster, and do it quickly.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Ben. April, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from Ketan Moreau with RBC Capital Markets.
Ketan Moreau: Good morning and thanks for taking the question. I was hoping for more color on residential ARPU trends. The quarter came in strong even when backing out the Coder comps against last year. I know this was partly related to the June rate event, but you also noted benefits from a more favorable customer mix. Customer mix given how low churn has been. I guess, given your commentary on 2021 net adds looking more like 2018, should we assume these positive ARPU trends could continue not only into the fourth quarter, but also into early 2022. It's just -- I assume that even if market activity picks up, it would likely take a few quarters to reverse some of this tailwind in your overall subscriber mix would appreciate your perspectives. Thanks.
Jessica Fischer: Yeah. So first I'd point you back to Citi share and the COVID picture that there is a big piece of the year-over-year ARPU increase that's related to the revenue credits in Q3 of last year. But I do you think you pointed out something, the lower churn environment benefits us in a large number of ways. And one of those is on the ARPU side. The longer that a customer stays with idea of more customers [Indiscernible] roll off of promotional packages and therefore roll into higher pricing packages. And we have a low churn environment where you have additional longer tenured customers. We do see some impact on ARPU from that. The other pieces in there that you pointed out is the additional programmers sort of pass-through costs that we pushed at the end of the quarter. So there's a mix of the three. There will -- I think if we continue to be in the low Churn Environment, continue to be some ARPU impact. Just having longer tenured customers in the system. And the financial results of having those customers in the system for longer really are very good both on the revenue and the transactions side which is some of what you see. And in the overall financial results for the quarter.
Chris Winfrey: I would just add to that that if you think about it from a return on investment perspective, every customer you add in a low churn environment is more valuable than a customer you add in a higher churn environment because the average life of the customer is longer, therefore, the total cash flow of the customer is longer and the cost to serve the passing from a transaction cost perspective is less. So it's a from a financial point of view, a slower growth environment related to churn being reduced is actually economically positive from ROI perspective.
Ketan Moreau: That's perfect. Thank you both.
Stefan Anninger: Thank you April, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from Phil Cusick with JPMorgan.
Phil Cusick: Follow-up and a question, and echo my congratulations to Chris, Jessica and Rich. It's all deserves. First on Vijay's question, you said the ads are more valuable. I think Chris, does that mean you are seeing something similar to Comcast in a slower low-end customer and consistent high-end. And any thoughts on whether wireless, fixed or mobile might be pulling more of that low-end then. And then Tom, can you expand on your CBRs trial comments. How wide a trial is this? [Indiscernible] sites? Anything you can help us with there. Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: I'll do a quick answer on the CBRS. It's an entire DMA market test, thousands of sites because they are whole monitored sites, small cells, relatively speaking. I don't know the exact number, but it's an entire DMA. In terms of customer mix acquisition, it's true that the programs that we put in place in the midst of COVID last year, where there is the remote education offer or the way that we worked with customers where they keep Americans connected credit meant that both from a sales, as well as from a retention perspective, there was a locking end and there was securing the lower-income population and for any of them on as Charter customers. We're really pleased that we did it. So is that a pull-forward maybe that took place last year? But that doesn't mean that we haven't stopped --that we have -- we stopped marketing and selling into that base. We've been an active participant in the Emergency Broadband funds. I wouldn't say that it's created in the third quarter in incremental acquisition. Vast majority has come into that program through our existing subscribers. But we're utilizing our federal program to make sure that we service that community and continue to actively market, sell, and service
Tom Rutledge: into the space. But your point is true there. There is certainly a lot of people who had been on wireless substitution in the past or had affordability issues that through the things that we did cooperating with the federal government, we were able to get them to proper broadband we benefited from that last year, we've managed to keep those customers through the course of this year, but the same level of inflow of sales looking lower.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks for.
Phil Cusick: That contributes to lower churn environment as well.
Tom Rutledge: Correct.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Phil. April, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson.
Craig Moffett : Hi, good morning. And let me join the parade of all the congratulations to Jessica and to Chris and to Rich and to John. So two questions if I could. First just digging into the broadband dynamics one more time. In this low churn environment, have you seen any change in the share of gross editions that you're winning. So my understanding is the gross addition pool is clearly suppressed by low churn, but has there been any change in your Windshare as far as you can tell, among what's left in gross additions. And then as you think about the upcoming CBRS offload trial, what's your expected offload? What's your target for how much of the -- what would otherwise go over the cellular contract with Verizon that you think you can offload onto the CBRS small cells?
Tom Rutledge: So on the -- on your -- the first part of your question on broadband growth say, are you talking about new construction growth?
Craig Moffett : No, just in the smaller gross addition pool that's available. Given that customers are just moving less and churn ing less. But in that smaller pool that's available, do you have any sense that your share of wins has changed at all?
Jessica Fischer: So --
Tom Rutledge: Go ahead.
Jessica Fischer: I guess -- okay, we've seen that in the sense that you come in during the yields are actually going up. So the number of sales that come in that we are able to close and convert to customers has been increasing. I haven't it looked at it exactly. And Chris.
Chris Winfrey: That's -- our share of activity is actually higher from the activity that we see in front of us, our ability to attach mobile units to transaction is going up. There's just less of them. And -- but no, in terms of -- I don't see really a change or shift of any material way that I can see in the numbers in terms of our acquisition share, our churn is down in all types of markets, with all types of infrastructure that we operate in front of. And our gross adds are down proportionately inside all of those same footprints. So there isn't any incremental change in any material way in gross adds based on the foot print in which we operate, it's just lower transaction volume taking place across the entire board.
Craig Moffett : It sounds a lot like what you're describing is just that a low mobility and low household formation market.
Tom Rutledge: That's true. And how that unwinds is unclear. I mean, there was -- it's a very unusual market situation. People sheltered in place, so to speak. And so you had all the friction of the market came out that used to exist, people in transition, and they settled into subscriptions. And when the market remobilizes, so to speak, I think there will be continued pressure on gross because of pull-forward of all of that activity. But it is I think the [Indiscernible] opportunity for growth and long-term growth is still the same and our ability to take share out of the market is still the same. In terms of CBRS, today 80% of the traffic on mobile platforms is on Wi-Fi. And our -- and we continue to use the Wi-Fi network effectively. And there's a whole new piece of spectrum available to Wi-Fi, available to us. So Wi-Fi and CBRS together have an opportunity to make a significant change in how much traffic is on our network versus on the MVNO. Our targeted for CBRS, I've said before could be pushing up third of the marketplace if everything works and it's fully deployed now. You're talking years of runway necessary to deploy that and to get it fully utilized. The good thing about it is that the capital associated with any construction we do is dedicated to the -- to a lower cost. In other words, if we're going to put out a device or a radio, we know where the traffic flows are, we know that the traffic flows in that particular area justify the capital of placing that device. And that the offload percentage that's associated with that specific geography is sufficient to pay back the capital investment in the radio. It's a -- we'll deploy that based on actual utilization. But our modeling shows that it could be a significant reduction in the overall traffic load on the MBO.
Craig Moffett : Thanks. That's helpful.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Craig. April, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from Jonathan Chaplin with New Street Research.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thanks, guys. Just to start off, a quick housekeeping question, and then I've got another one as well. For anchoring off of 2018, and I guess this is the question for Chris, should we be anchoring off of residential net adds of 1.1 million or total net adds of closer to 1.3 million? And then following up from one of the earlier questions, the -- I recognized the color you're giving on the transition of the network to high-splits, and that's extremely helpful. I'm wondering if you can give us some indication of how long that transition to high-splits across the network will take. And then when more or less, do you expect to start folding in the DOCSIS 4.0 upgrade? And then my final question on broadband ads. Are you assuming any benefit in the broadband ads guidance that you're giving for 4Q effectively from a pull-through from the lower wireless rate plans that you've put out there. So if wireless accelerate, should that have a pull through benefit broadband? And is that baked into your expectations? Thanks, guys.
Tom Rutledge: Okay. In the timing, high-split opportunity from a timing perspective is also opportunistic. like I was describing CBRS, but it's relatively inexpensive like a CBRS deployment. Excuse me like 3.1s Docsis deployment was. And it's on per passing basis. We think it will be quite efficient, but it -- the other beauty of it is it's pretty much in electronic drop in and it could be done quite rapidly. And cover huge slots of geography in a very short period of time. And so it has two benefits. One, it just -- if you do it in an sort of a normal management of augmentation network growth pattern, sort of deployment, it replaces the need to do node splits. But if you do it quickly, it also has the same effect, but it gives you greater capacity in terms of what products you can deploy in a market and what marketing claims you can make. So it can be done quite quickly and that's the beauty of it. Do you want [Indiscernible]
Chris Winfrey: Sure. The 2018 comments that I made was really in the context of total internet additions. The answer to your question is yes.
Tom Rutledge: And it's got a pull forward, but this mobile pricing pull forward,
Chris Winfrey: It's only been out in the market for [Indiscernible], so we should be careful of what we say. But the initial uplift for mobile sales has been fairly significant as we expected. And while we think it could and should have a material impact on broadband over a multiyear period. We haven't seen anything yet that indicates that's the case. And so I think it's [Indiscernible] we expect [Indiscernible]. We expected and we didn't expect it. So I think it's premature to think that we're going to see that pull through the internet just yet.
Jonathan Chaplin: [Indiscernible]. Thanks, guys and congratulations to both you and Jessica and Chris.
Tom Rutledge: Thank you.
Jessica Fischer: Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Jonathan, April, we'll take our next question please.
Operator: Your next question is from Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs.
Brett Feldman: Thanks. Just a couple of follow-up questions on wireless. When we look at your wireless pricing strategy, you've done the exact opposite of what major carriers are doing, which is you've offered your consumers a great deal on their service price, but you're not necessarily offering a promo on the handsets. And so at least it's sort of two questions. The first is, what are you thinking about handset promotions? Meaning, would you be willing to also incorporate them into your price point, particularly as consumers look to upgrade to 5G devices
Brett Feldman: and they are offered promos elsewhere? And then bigger picture, I mean, the key reason it looks like you were able to lower your prices recently is because you were able to get a better cost structure under the MVNO agreement, meaning that you took your lower costs and you converted them into lower prices. The question would be, if you're pleased with the success of the CBRS trial, what does that mean for your wireless businesses? Does it mean that you have an opportunity to be more profitable or do you think that's an opportunity to take your price point down even further, because once again, you'll have lower your costs? Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: I'd say both.
Jessica Fischer: If you look at our total opportunity relative to customer spend on combined mobile and broadband, there's a lot of broadband spend -- a lot of mobile spend out there relative to broadband spend. So if you think about a customer, typical two-line household, they might be spending a total of $200 on broadband and mobile. And today, we're only getting a relatively small piece of that. And so if we continue to sell mobile product, even if we do it by bringing the pricing of mobile down, our expectation is that we'll continue to drive both revenue growth and bottom line EBITDA growth from that business, all wall driving pricing down in the mobile industry. And from the perspective of our mobile business, even today, our mobile business is profitable if you take customer acquisition costs down. And like what we've done across our business, our goal is always to further penetrate the market. And so if we can increase our penetration of the mobile market and up more ongoing revenues and less customer acquisition costs, okay, not less, even with additional customer acquisition costs, we'll generate strong profits out of that business just by penetrating the market, sticking with our strategy of having very competitive pricing for our customers.
Tom Rutledge: Yes. I agree that -- I think that one way of thinking about it is -- we have 55% penetration of our broadband business at about a $60 ARPU on average, and the average spend on mobile on a per home basis inside our footprint is over $120 a month. And the average number of devices inside our footprint is about 120 million. And so when you really look at our 6% mobile penetration and our 55% broadband penetration, and look at that as a share of spend, even if you cut the mobile average household price in half, where our penetration of the dollar is less than 30%, which is -- which means what I said earlier in the presentation, which is we're really underpenetrated and there's lots of Telecom spend in which to grow our business at the household level.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Bryan. April, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from Peter Zaffino with Bernstein.
Peter Zaffino: Hey, good morning. Wanted to go back to this sector of ARPU with fiber and fixed wireless, segmenting broadband, presumably in 2022 and beyond, I wondered if you could talk with us a bit about how you manage local pricing in response to those local deployments and whether that might result in some ARPU, growth, deceleration, albeit still at nice positive rates in the years to come.
Chris Winfrey: You want me to take [Indiscernible]
Tom Rutledge: Sure.
Chris Winfrey: So we have national pricing everywhere for our retail pricing, and it's low compared to any of our peers or competitors. And we have the ability to bundle products that most of those competitors that you mentioned don't have. So if you think about low broadband pricings at national retail pricing combined with the ability to save customers hundreds or thousands of dollars in mobile, and increasingly, because of where the rest of the market has gone, we have the very best video product out there. And that may not be for everybody because there's a lot of different ways to take video, but Our video product -- we have something for everybody, whether it's a full expanded package, where there is blend matino, or whether it's essential stream choice in the home, outside the home, on every single device. So, we have a package and price point for just about everybody and still about half of our internet sales still take video. And it causes them to retain so we're able to add value to these households, not just by having a national low retail pricing structure for broadband, but the ability to use video and to use the savings from mobile to compete now, and really for a long period of time. So that's how we approach the marketplace. It's really how we've always approached the marketplace, including back to if you think about phone, where the pricing, and again, it's only maybe half the customer base that's relevant for it, but it is relevant for half, where we have a total dollar price point for phone as well. So we have different ways we can save customers' money, and we think the product that we offer anyway in broadband is as good, if not better than any competitive footprint that we face.
Tom Rutledge: And ultimately price -- what you can do with price is a function of what costs are, and we have lowered costs.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Peter. April, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from John Hodulik with UBS.
John Hodulik: Great. Thanks, guys. First question on video. You guys saw some accelerating video and voice losses, actually this quarter. That is the function of the catch rates and lower broadband ads or is there a sort of a reopening issue there as well? Or maybe did the price increase in June, affect those numbers? And then, getting back to the wireless. Clearly wireless and broadband is a new bundle. And thanks for the number, 2 million households so far having that bundle. I mean, it's early yet. But can we look at the churn within that cohort and see whether or not you're actually seeing an improvement versus standalone broadband? And if so, can you maybe give us a sense of the change in churn that you may be seeing? Thanks.
Jessica Fischer: On the video and voice losses front, I think that that one is just the impact of having the -- not having the level of broadband additions that we had in 2020. when you have a lot of broadband additions, we pulled through a lot of recent video in bundling there, in this lower gross add lower churn environment. It's just carried through of the prior trends. It's no overall change in trend.
Chris Winfrey: On the churn benefit for a broadband customer also takes wireless. I can sit here and advertise and tell you how fantastic it is, the churn is definitely lower and I can beat our chest about it. But some of that -- a lot of that is really at this point, they're just self selection of customers are happy with our service. They like who we are, they like the pricing that they have on the products, and as a result, they take more product from us. I don't know that, that means there's enough evidence now to say systemically, but our gut tells us the answer is yes. And while the numbers would tell us yesterday as well, I don't think you should rely on that, in terms of an order of magnitude until we get further down the road.
Tom Rutledge: And the term, it's all [Indiscernible] is so low relative to the sort of trend that it's hard to attributed it all.
Chris Winfrey: That's right.
John Hodulik: Thanks, guys.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks, John.
Stefan Anninger: April, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much, and I have my congratulations to Jessica and Chris and Rich. I will stick with broadband and wireless, seems. Tom, just a clarification on you mentioned the pandemic was a pull -forward, and I think you emphasized share opportunities. Should we think about the growth opportunity really as share focus going forward and that the broadband marketplace is broadly fairly mature after this pandemic pull-forward. And then I guess jump all though Chris, I know your experienced in Europe might inform this and it seemed like Bryan Roberts yesterday was implying that they're thinking about launching a converged in-home out-of-home, broadband offering and I'm sure you've been thinking about the same thing. Is there an opportunity to disrupt the marketplace by having a single converged by-the-home subscription rather than thinking about it as a per-phone plus per-home subscription model? Thanks.
Tom Rutledge: So, Doug, I wouldn't say broadband is mature in the sense that, we think high capacity broadband, which we sell and packaged with mobility and packaged with great home connectivity, and managed Wi - Fi. Is still a growth opportunity in two ways. You have, what will the number of people that ultimately take that level of service be. And in our footprint today, we think 93% of houses are occupied. And I think the penetration of any kind of Internet service in that footprint is about 85%. So there's still opportunity to grow the overall connectivity broadband market. And then there's the opportunity to actually grow it into the high capacity service that we sell and high-quality service we sell. So we think that while we have 55% penetration, there's 37% penetration more to go in terms of what other possibilities are there. Plus the whole broadband -- mobile broadband platform as well and which grew very under penetrated.
Chris Winfrey: Doug, your question -- yes, it's true, it's a decade in European cable, but it's also been a decade since I've been there. So I don't know that I'm really any longer qualified to make comparisons or talking about it. But your question was -- and I apologize if I haven't followed it, but the -- that could you offer a mobile subscription together with broadband and have the mobile lines be part of the home subscription to multi-line?
Doug Mitchelson: Yeah. Just a single price for a household to have as many devices as they want in and out of the home.
Chris Winfrey: It's an interesting concept and I know what it's trying to solve. I mean, for all the reasons that you can think convergence tech technically makes a lot of sense. The ability to have a ubiquitous Internet product inside the home, outside of the home, in the neighborhood, in the coffee shop, etc. All that which we talked about and it works. The ability to save customers tons of money, which we do. There are not that many markets where from a marketing and sales machine, it's been fully proven out yet of how you combine that together when lines are often sold at a personal level, and broadband subscription wireline is sold at a household level. So I think it's an interesting concept, one that we're keeping our eye on. And when you think about as our pricing gets lower, mobile bridging our way towards that one way or another. It's one another way of thinking about it. But I think those type of models and taking a look at how to fully get convergence also for marketing and sales and solve the difference between per line versus per household is interesting.
Doug Mitchelson: Great. Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks Doug. April, we'll take our last question, please.
Operator: And your last question is from Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America Securities.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you for getting me on. I guess one last question on broadband to beat a dead horse and then one other question. On the Internet ads on the SMB side, that's slowed as well. And that's an area that seems to have kind of normalized a bit more than residential. Can you talk a little bit about what's going on commercial? And then on, X Class TV that the Comcast talked about rolling out, is there anything in this service to the extent that [Indiscernible] by an X Class TV, are there any benefits or economic that you get or would you consider shifting to becoming an aggregator of streaming services, which with the different set of economics from linear?
Tom Rutledge: You can answer.
Chris Winfrey: I think the SMB space is really more about cyclicality right now related to COVID and how things have opened and shutdown and businesses have closed and restarted and new businesses formed. I think it's much more tied to that than the things that we're seeing in the residential side. Generally, I would say that our SMB capabilities are as good as ever right now. And in a market where you have new business is forming or coming back online, where our competitive posture there is very good and I don't see the same type of issues that we've talked about in residential for us in this. So the fluctuations you've been seeing really much more about just the overall economic cyclicality has taken place with COVID, but I wouldn't --we don't face the same type of issues from market movement that we're seeing in residential in the SMB space. Our opportunity for theirs remains good and same as residential long-term.
Tom Rutledge: Yes. So from a streaming perspective, it's interesting Charter's actually the biggest live-streaming app in the country and the most highly rated app in the country. We distribute streaming products on Roku, Apple TV, on our own set-top boxes. We've got the cloud-based streaming application that can be placed on our app-based streaming app system that can be placed right on our set-top boxes. And so we've got more than 10 million customers who are connected to us strictly through a streaming relationship. And we like the Comcast strategy with regard to their -- putting their platform on televisions. And so, we think there's lots of opportunity for us to continue to change the video model and to take advantage of our relationship with customers and to make the video model more efficient for programmers and for operators, and to bring value back into television.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Jessica. That concludes our call. Thanks to everyone. And April I'll pass back to you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And thank you for standing by. Welcome to Charter's Second Quarter 2021 Investor Call. At t this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised, today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker, Stefan Anninger. Please go ahead.
Stefan Anninger: Good morning. Welcome to Charter's second quarter 2021 investor call. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com, under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K and also our 10-Q filed this morning. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call. However, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect management's current view only, and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update these segments or to make additional forward-looking statements in the future. During the course of today's call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures, as defined by Charter, may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. Please also note that all growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise specified. On today's call, we have Tom Rutledge, Chairman and CEO; and Chris Winfrey, our CFO. With that, let's turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Rutledge: Thank you, Stefan. Our operating strategy continues to deliver good customer growth and even better financial growth. While second quarter residential customer activity remained lower than normal, residential sales activity is slowly picking up. And because churn continues to be so low, those trends are having a meaningful impact on our net additions and even larger impact on our financial growth rates. Our Commercial business also saw improvements in the second quarter. Small business sales were up versus second quarter of 2019, and enterprise sales continue to steadily improve. Advertising also improved with second quarter revenue exceeding second quarter 2019 levels, driven by our advanced advertising products. So our view is the economy is improving, and our business trajectory is normalizing. For the full quarter, we added over 330,000 customer relationships with customer growth of 4.2% year-over-year. We also added 400,000 Internet customers in the quarter and 1.5 million over the last year for year-over-year growth of 5.5%. We added 265,000 mobile lines, and we grew our adjusted EBITDA by 11.8% and our free cash flow by over $2 million year-over-year. We remain focused on driving customer growth by offering high quality products and service under an operating strategy, which works well in various market conditions. We've spoken significantly about wireless convergence in the capital-efficient nature of our expanding network capabilities and products. A key piece of our strategy also includes treating service as a product itself and giving our customers the flexibility to manage their spectrum services and interactions with us, whenever and however they want. We are improving the quality and efficiency of our interactions with customers by expanding our customer self-service and self-care capabilities and digitizing and modernizing a number of elements our customers feel and network operations groups can use. Those efforts improve the customer experience and the quality of our products, while reducing transactions with customers, lowering churn, extending average customer life and reducing costs. We've responded to digital and self-service trends in several ways. Today, over 20% of our residential relationship sales are generated through our online channel, with fully automated provisioning and installation scheduling and zero touch by Charter. And close to 85% of our sales take advantage of our self-installation program, reducing costs and driving higher customer satisfaction. Today, customers also choose the preferred meeting [ph] of interacting with us when they have questions or service issues, including digital chat, phone, online, in-person at one of our stores or via the Spectrum app. Our ability to avoid and manage network impairments has improved significantly over the last several years by using machine learning to pinpoint potential service degradation in real time and often, in advance, allowing us to avoid disruption altogether. We're now coupling that information with customer's preferred communications to proactively notify them of maintenance and restoration. Today, over 60% of our customers engage with us exclusively via digital means when they have a service question or issue. Customers that still want to interact with us via phone can do so, and service from our call centers continues to become more efficient, given new tools we're deploying which enhance our ability to properly answer questions and solve the first - for the first time, customer calls. And the fact that our call center workforce is US-based and fully in-sourced, with employees who have training and career paths here at Charter, enhances that. In aggregate, all of our efforts have reduced total customer transactions, including billing and service calls, repeat service calls, truck rolls and network impairments, all of which improved the quality of our products. We're executing well, yet we remain early in the process of optimizing our services product. So together with our network and product capabilities, we remain confident in our ability to grow our customer's EBITDA and free cash flow for many years to come. That confidence stems from a number of factors, including the demand for our connectivity products, including the long-term growth rate and usage on both wireline and wireless networks, our ability to deliver unique fully converged connectivity services, connectivity service package, while saving customers hundreds or even thousands of dollars a year. And our share of household connectivity spend, including mobile and fixed broadband is still low. From a passings perspective, we remain under-penetrated to our long-term opportunity. Finally, our capital efficient path to expand network capability improve the quality of our products in a manner that's more capital efficient than our competitors gives us a structural advantage to compete over the long term. Ultimately, our strategy is founded on the principle of providing superior services at highly competitive prices. Now I'll turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks, Tom. As we discussed last quarter, given the effects of COVID in 2020, 2019 remains the better customer growth comparison for 2021. We'll continue to reference the COVID schedules we've provided last year and included again on slide 17 and 18 of today's presentation to help with the year-over-year financial comparisons. Turning to our results on slide 5. We grew total residential and SMB customer relationships by 1.3 million in the last 12 months and by over 330,000 in the second quarter. Including residential and SMB, we grew our Internet customers by 400,000 in the quarter by 1.5 million or 5.5% over the last 12 months. Video declined by 50,000 in the second quarter, and wireline voice declined by 78,000. In residential Internet, we added a total of 365,000 customers in the quarter, higher than the 221,000 that we gained during the second quarter of 2019. Our residential video customers declined by 63,000 less than the loss of 150,000 we saw in the second quarter of 2019. In wireline voice, we lost 99,000 residential customers in the quarter, also less than the loss of 207,000 in the second quarter of 2019, and that was driven by continued fixed to mobile substitution. Turning to mobile. We added 265,000 mobile lines in the quarter. And as of the end of the quarter, we had 2.9 million mobile lines. Despite the lower number of selling opportunities from cable sales, we continue to drive mobile growth with our high quality, attractively priced service rather than using device subsidies. A few things to keep in mind when reviewing this quarter's customer results. First, we estimate that 60,000 of our residential Internet net adds would not have occurred without the Emergency Broadband Benefit program, or EBD, which launched in May. These incremental Internet net adds had little impact on our video and voice net adds. Some of what we estimate as business-as-usual sales also enrolled in the EBD [ph] program, as did some of our existing customers. Those customers did not in add to our second quarter customer net adds. Our second quarter customer net adds also benefited from certain state-mandated moratoriums on Internet, video and voice disconnects. Internet benefited by about 40,000, with video and voice net additions also benefiting, but by loss. Some states have recently ended their moratoriums. So similar to our KAC customers last year, we will work with these customers to forgive portions of their bills and provide financing options to customers. And we expect to keep them as customers, same as we did with the KAC program. Looking at the bigger picture. Residential customer activity levels in the marketplace, including sales, churn and particularly non-pay churn, are taking a bit longer than we expected to return to normal levels. As a result, our first half 2021 financials have been better than we expected, driven by lower operating expense given lower transactions, significantly lower bad debt. We continue to expect transaction volume to pick up in the second half of this year, driving more selling opportunities in the market for cable and mobile, and we still expect full year Internet and customer relationships to be at or above 2019 net additions. So the financial effects that we expected of a higher churn environment and expected higher sales for Charter as a share taker could accrue later in 2021 or even into 2022. Moving to financial results, starting on slide six. Over the last year, we grew total residential customers by 1.2 million or 4.1%. Residential revenue per customer relationship increased by 1.8% year-over-year, given last years second quarter residential revenue write-down of $76 million for customers in the Keep Americans Connected program, as well as bill credits that we provided last year as part of the remote education offer, which provided 2 months of free Internet. Those one-time comparison benefits were partly offset by the same bundle and mixed trends we've seen over the past year, including a higher mix of non-video customers and a higher mix of choice, essentials and stream customers within our video base. Keep in mind that our residential ARPU does not reflect any mobile revenue. Slide six shows, residential revenue grew by 6.8% year-over-year, reflecting customer relationship growth and last year's COVID impacts. Turning to commercial. SMB revenue grew by 6%, and this growth rate reflects COVID-related impacts of $17 million that negatively impacted the second quarter of 2020. Excluding this impact from last year, SMB revenue grew by 4.2%, faster than last quarter's growth. Enterprise revenue was up by 5.1% year-over-year and was also negatively impacted last year by $18 million due to COVID credits. Excluding this impact from last year, enterprise revenue grew by 2% and by 5.8%, when additionally excluding wholesale revenue. Enterprise PSUs grew by 3.7% year-over-year. First quarter advertising revenue increased by 65% year-over-year, primarily due to COVID impact last year. When compared to the second quarter of 2019, advertising revenue grew by 4%, primarily due to our growing advertising - advanced advertising capabilities, partly offset by lower local add revenue. Mobile revenue totaled $519 million, with $214 million of that revenue being device revenue. In total, second quarter revenue was up 9.5% year-over-year. Moving to operating expenses on slide seven. In the second quarter, total operating expenses grew by $575 million or 8% year-over-year. Similar to revenue, the year-over-year operating expense growth rate is elevated due to 2020 COVID effects. Programming increased 3.6% year-over-year due to higher rates, offset by a higher mix of lighter video packages, such as choice, essentials and stream. Regulatory, connectivity and produced content grew by 36.9%, driven by more Lakers games than normal this quarter given the delayed start to the NBA season combined with no Lakers or Dodger games expensed in the prior year due to COVID-19. Excluding sports rights costs related to our RSNs, this expense line item grew by 3.2% year-over-year. Cost to service customers declined by 1.2% year-over-year compared to 4.2% customer relationship growth. The decline was driven by lower transaction costs and lower bad debt, partly driven by government stimulus packages. Excluding bad debt, cost to service customers was flat year-over-year despite a higher number of customers and outsized hourly wage increases that we put through earlier this year. Marketing expenses grew by 3.1% year-over-year, driven by second quarter 2020 COVID impacts, including lower media placement rates in 2020 and a payroll tax credit. Mobile devices totaled $586 million and were comprised of mobile device cost tied to device revenue, customer acquisition and service and operating cost. And other expenses grew by 13.5%, driven primarily by higher corporate costs and advertising sales expense given the strength of ad sales this quarter, combined with the weakness in the ad market in the prior year. Adjusted EBITDA grew by 11.8% in the quarter. And turning to net income on slide eight. We generated $1 billion of net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the second quarter versus $766 million last year. The year-over-year increase was driven by higher adjusted EBITDA. Turning to slide nine. Capital expenditures totaled $1.9 billion in the second quarter, in line with last year's second quarter capital spend, driven by higher scalable infrastructure spend, primarily related to augmentation of our network capacity at our normal pace for customer growth and usage with incremental spending to reclaim the network headroom we maintained prior to COVID. This was offset by lower spend on modems, routers and self-installation kits given the elevated sales volume in the second quarter of last year. We spent $124 million on mobile-related CapEx this quarter, just mostly accounted for in support capital and was driven by investments in back-office systems and mobile store build-outs. For the full year 2021, we continue to expect cable capital expenditures, excluding the RDOF investments, to be relatively consistent as a percentage of cable revenue versus 2020. Slide 10 shows, we generated nearly $2.1 billion of consolidated free cash flow this quarter, an increase of 10.8% year-over-year. We finished the quarter with $87.5 million in debt principal. Our current run rate annualized cash interest, pro forma for financing activity completed in July, is $4 billion, 4.0 to be exact. As of the end of the second quarter, our net debt to last 12-month adjusted EBITDA was 4.38 times. We intend to stay at or just below the high end of our 4 to 4.5 times leverage range. In June, we converted Advance/Newhouse's preferred partnership units, which had a face value of $2.5 billion and paid a 6% coupon. They were converted into 9.3 million common partnership units, which means we no longer pay $150 million in preferred dividends per year. During the quarter, we repurchased 6.1 million Charter shares and Charter Holdings common units, totaling about $4 billion at an average price of $656 per share. Since September of 2016, we've repurchased $47 billion or 36% of Charter's equity at an average price of $421 per share. So we have a successful operating model and growth-oriented investment approach, which when coupled with the unique balance sheet structure and improving capital allocation strategy, has and will produce cash flow growth and shareholder value for years to come. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson.
Craig Moffett: Hi. Thank you. I'm going to - instead of talking about broadband, which everybody wants to talk about, I want to ask about your other two big revenue drivers, wireless and business services. First, with business services, I think you said last quarter, the repricing is now largely over for the Time Warner Cable customers. Can you just talk a little bit about what you're seeing in business services? It looks like with particularly weak results from Verizon and AT&T that share gains may have meaningfully accelerated now in the wake of COVID. And then with CBRS and wireless, I wonder if you could just talk about how much traffic you think you can offload from the MVNO agreement. And what kind of time line do you think you'll be before you'll start to see those traffic reductions on your own network?
Chris Winfrey: So maybe I'll start with business. And then I take - Tom cover wireless. The - on the business service segment, you have to really distinguish between SMB and enterprise. So I'll start with what we're seeing in SMB and then with enterprise. And for SMB, as businesses recover, new businesses open and the share flow opportunity for us is growing, and you see us returning to higher growth rates. And at the same time, most of the repricing in the SMB space at the legacy TWC base is behind us with the exception of the voice product. So it's largely behind. So what you're seeing is accelerating net add growth accompanied by less price pressure, which is resulting in accelerating sequential revenue growth in SMB. And we're steadily marching down a path to continue to go higher on both. And I think the runway for us on SMB continues to be very long, even though we're - we have a meaningful percentage and participation in that marketplace. On the enterprise side, we're lower penetrated, and our value-added opportunity is due to our significant amount of deployed fiber throughout our footprint to be able to drive connectivity services, as well as software-defined network overlay products, including SD-WAN, Unified Communications. And so our opportunity there is not only to provide more fiber connectivity, but to establish ourselves in the marketplace for these additional services and increase the stickiness of our fiber connectivity with additional product, and we're early on in that. That marketplace had really slowed down significantly during COVID. And our selling activity is back and above 2019 levels, despite the fact that certain key markets of ours, L.A., New York City, are not back to where they were. So despite that, we're above where we were in 2019, both from a units, as well as our revenue takeout on selling. What you're not seeing is the full impact of that yet inside of our revenue for enterprise because those sales have long time to installation and therefore, revenue conversion into billing. So our outlook on that is pretty strong. It's going to continue slowly, but continually get better and better in the enterprise space. But we're optimistic about both SMB and enterprise. And I think we can be a share taker there for many years to come.
Tom Rutledge: Yeah. And Craig, with regard to CBRS and offload, we have our first infrastructure project that we're building that will use CBRS that won't be active until early next year. And I don't anticipate any meaningful national offload until beginning in '23. But that said, we - it is a long-term opportunity, and we're a nascent player in the mobile space and just beginning our acceleration. And we're incented to move significant amounts of traffic onto our own network, and we already do through our Wi-Fi network, which we can also optimize for traffic flow going forward. And we can do the same with CBRS and potentially other parties as well. So we have a opportunity to continuously lower our cost going forward and to - even if we were not using CBRS, we have an opportunity just through our volume of activity to continuously move down the price curve. So we're optimistic about our ability to grow our mobile business and at the same time, take costs out of our mobile business as it grows. And there are a variety of tools, including CBRS, that allow us to do that. But I would say that, without giving you an exact number, it would be material.
Craig Moffett: Fine. That's helpful. Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Kavita, we'll take our next question, please?
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jonathan Chaplin with New Street.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thank you. Chris, I'm wondering if you can give us an update on when you think you'll switch from splitting nodes to potentially adding capacity to the plant with maybe an upgrade to 1.2 gigahertz with a high split. And if that happens later this year, is that contained within the CapEx envelope that you've guided to for the year? Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: So I'll start off and let Tom add into it. I don't think it's going to be - one, we haven't announced a definitive plan as of yet to if and when we're moving into a high split territory. It's not going be like you're going to flip the switch nationally, you'll start off market-by-market. And it's not going to be heavy inside of this year in any event. So I don't think it's going to have any material impact to our CapEx this year. As you look out over a 5, 6-year period, really what you would be doing is using high split to replace augmentation that you'd be doing otherwise to increase the capacity of our network. And so when you look at it over a 5 to 6-year time period, it would be at very low, if any, incremental cost. There may be pockets in that 5 to 6-year window where you'd be doing effectively capital pull forward. And I'd like to use the word lumpiness you might have in some of your capital expenditure. But we're going to do what's right. And if we can move fast and get additional augmentation and capacity, we'd do it. But I don't see a material impact this year and over 5 to 6-year period. I don't think it changes the trajectory of our investment cycle. It give us additional capabilities, additional speeds at a lower cost than what we'd otherwise incur.
Tom Rutledge: The only thing I would add is the one thing it does, it gives you the ability to sell symmetrical data speeds at over a gig. And you can do that without really spending out much incremental capital. And at the moment, we really don't need that from a market facing perspective or from - I mean there's a perception issue in the market, but in terms of product use, there's none. And so we don't need it yet from a marketing perspective. And it's not the only tool in our toolbox. We have other technologies, including DOCSIS 4.0 and Full-Duplex, which we can use selectively and efficiently wherever augmentation or product definitions require. But I think the main thing to keep in mind is that, pathway we have to continuously upgrade our network capabilities is very efficient from a capital perspective and flexible.
Jonathan Chaplin: Great. Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Jonathan. Kavita [ph] we'll take our next question, please?
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Michael Rollins with Citi.
Tom Rutledge: Michael, you might be on mute. There you go.
Michael Rollins: Thanks. Good morning. Curious if you could talk a bit more about what you're seeing in the broadband market and your performance in terms of just overall market expansion versus market share. And then separately, on the video side, can you share what you find is contributing to the better trend line of video losses? And how you see that going forward? Thanks.
Tom Rutledge: Michael, I think the broadband market continues to expand, both through housing growth, population growth and adoption. The big issue in general adoption is more of a digital literacy issue than it is a cost issue. And it's continuing to improve in terms of market adoption because of the way people can use the tools on the Internet today, at any level and at any age. And so I think you have a continuous march of a broadband adoption right up to occupied housing over the next 5 years. And so you have that and then you have our ability to have a superior service with a capitally efficient ability to continuously upgrade that service. And we think we can - with a full range of products, including mobile and video, and we think we can continue to take share as a result of our ability to have high quality, low cost products available to consumers across the marketplace. With regard to video, why do we - why our number is relatively better? We're selling more packages that allow us to tailor video to customer needs. It's a difficult business because in general, video is very expensive. Our cost for video to provide it to customers are very high and continuously going up. And so there's people being priced out of the market. We put lower-priced packages into the market. The new products that have been developed direct-to-consumer products are churning at higher levels. And so our products also are in that re-adoption process of - that occurs as a result of churn. So to some extent, we think our video business is stabilizing, but at the other - on the other hand, the fundamental trends haven't stopped, which is that prices are being continuously passed through to consumers, and there's real pressure on the total cost of the bundle. The reason we're relatively better as we have, we've been moderate with our pricing, and we've been moderate, and we've created new packages that cost less.
Michael Rollins: Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Kavita, we'll take our next question, please?
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne: Hey. Good morning, guys. Two questions. I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about wireless sell-in. I don't know if you'd be willing to give us a number on percentage of new customers or connects that are taking wireless or any trends you're seeing or your ambitions long term? It would seem like that business is really starting to get a lot of momentum. And I was wondering if all your sales channels are turned on and just sort of how to think about the potential acceleration of that business, I think, you could share would be helpful. And then probably for Chris. Chris, just as we think about the third quarter broadband net adds, do we need to think about anything as it relates to either the EBB number you called out or the New York order, like definitely we need to factor in, in our thought process for third quarter? Or any thoughts would be appreciated.
Chris Winfrey: Sure. I'll take a crack at both of those, and then Tom may want to add additional. And on the wireless selling, so we're - the answer is no, we're not going to give you the percentage of selling for obvious competitive reasons, but I can provide some color on it. We're essentially selling through all of our channels. It is a focus we have to make sure that on every conversation that we have inside of our selling channels that we're bringing up the conversation to how we can save customers money if they take mobile with us. Our sales success rate, our compliance for that conversation taking place and the sales success rate is going up. And what happened inside of Q2 and also inside of Q1 is we just have less selling opportunities, but our success rate in selling in is going up on the steady march across all of those channels, which includes retention, by the way. So in all of our sales channels, and we're using it as a retention tool as well. Customers call in and want to save money. This is a great way to save hundreds and even thousands of dollars a year for a customer by taking your mobile product. So it's working well, and we have a lot of confidence that it's going to keep on increasing. And as soon as the market flow opens back up in terms of selling opportunities, I think we're well positioned. And the Q3 broadband, I don't expect EBB to have any negative impact on us in Q3. The customers that were protected from the state mandate perspective, we've already - inside of our Q2 results, it was small, but we've written off a portion of their balances. We're working with those customers. We've been successful in keeping those customers, those type of customers to the Keep Americans Connected programs. We'd want those customers to stay with us, and we're working with them to make sure that takes place. And it's worked in the past, and I don't expect any major impact there. I guess the only thing that I would say and - well, two things I would say about Q3, and not so much even Q3 is just when you think about the coming quarters. Q2 2019 wasn't our strongest quarter. So we've really outpaced that this quarter versus 2019. And I think Q3 2019 was better than Q2 2019. So I'd just caution not to get over your SKUs [ph] on relative expansion of net adds and comparison to 2019. And there will be a moment where - we were just talking about it yesterday. There will be a moment where there's dislocation where the market churn picks up, your sales should pick up. And so there's always this question of does the timing line up exactly right. As a share taker over a period of time, that means we're going to have higher sales and we're going to have higher net adds. But in order to get there, the market churn rate has to pick up. And there's a timing question of does it all flow through inside of the quarter the way they think it should. And so I - what we always say, I wouldn't pay too much attention to a particular quarter. Our growth rate is good. It's going to continue to be good, and we tend to look over longer periods of time, as opposed to just a particular quarter.
Ben Swinburne: Got it. Thanks, Chris.
Chris Winfrey: Yeah.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Ben. Kavita, we'll take our next question, please?
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much. First question, one clarification. Did you say that CapEx this year would be, I think, stable including RDOF or excluding RDOF, because I think the press release said excluding RDOF?
Chris Winfrey: Excluding RDOF.
Doug Mitchelson: Okay. For some reason, I thought I heard including, which would have been a surprise.
Chris Winfrey: Yes.
Doug Mitchelson: I'm just - a question on wireless on the go-to-market strategy and the position and look, you've been pretty clear on not offering phone subsidies, which obviously is somewhat self-limiting for subscriber growth. Are you already leveraging all of your marketing channels for wireless? Is the elbow grease putting into driving gross additions, something that we could consider as relatively stable over time. I mean as we see our scale forward, it's partly selling opportunities, as you indicated, and it's partly churn on a growing subscriber base, and that's how we run the subscriber model. Or should we think of this as more of a financial decision as the economics of the business improve either through scale or learnings and operating smarter or offload on CBRS and Wi-Fi? As the economics of the business improve, should we assume that you'll spend more on market and ultimately consider phone subsidies? Just trying to understand that top of funnel approach over the next bunch of years for wireless? Thanks.
Tom Rutledge: Yeah. Doug, we haven't fully deployed all of our channels. We have a store strategy that's multi-year, and that's still rolling out. And we expect to complete it by the end of this year, but a substantial portion of our stores are not done. And so even the channels that we wanted to deploy are not fully rolled out. But we have a variety of tools to grow our market share. And we have - and I would not preclude any of them that anybody else has ever used in history. But fundamentally, we haven't changed our pricing since we launched the product. And we have that ability to be - to move the needle in terms of the amount of mobile customers that we create as part of our broadband strategy. So I would say that we set up a strategy that was based on activity levels. Those activity levels are lower than we thought because churn is lower than we thought. But there's - there are more ways to get into the market than we are using.
Chris Winfrey: And I'd just add, since you asked the question, is it - are there financial decisions driving how aggressive we are is the essence of what you're asking, the answer is no. We have a lot of confidence. We know what the economics are. They're very good of what we're doing. And overtime, it's not a short term financially driven decision in terms of how we deploy those channels.
Doug Mitchelson: Great. Very helpful. Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Doug. Kavita, we'll take our next question, please?
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick JPMorgan.
Phil Cusick: Hey, guys. A couple of follow-ups. Maybe expand on the comment about business trajectory normalizing. Was that improving through the second quarter or since? And is your own churn starting to pick up as well? And then on mobile CapEx, as store spending comes to an end, do you expect mobile spend from those traditional uses to fall? And how could your strand mount [ph] spend to come in relative to that in maybe '22 or '23? Thanks.
Chris Winfrey: Look, I don't think ever want to go down the heavy path of the intra-quarter trajectory. SMB has been steadily improving each quarter. You can see it in our results. Enterprise, clearly, as more businesses become occupied, which is still relatively low, the selling opportunity for us increases and the willingness for people to take decisions on their IT network, including our services increases. So a lot of that's really been moving with COVID and in office occupancy as people are making decisions, and that's going to continue to - that has been improving steadily. And - but for what you're seeing in newspaper, I think we'll continue to steadily improve. So enterprise selling opportunities should continue to get better. Your question - go ahead.
Tom Rutledge: Well, I was just going to say that in terms of churn, fundamentally, recovery is slower than we thought it would be in terms of activity levels. And while we're performing well in all of that, it's not what we thought. So we're a little surprised at how slow move activity has rebounded. And so I'm - it is rebounded. Everything is moving and increasing and returning to normal. But it is not there, and it's still an unusual marketplace.
Chris Winfrey: On the CapEx side, the stores that we plan to roll out will be largely completed this year. Some of that's going to roll little bit into next year. And then we have another investment decision to make of how we're deeply penetrated in the market we want to go, we've not made that decision yet. We'll take a similar ROI approach to how we deal with that in stores, but our original plan will be complete, largely end of this year as Tom said, and maybe a little carryover into next year. You rightfully point out that we'll be stepping up the CBRS investment. And could that take the place of store capital? Yes, but not into perpetuity, I think. So it may have been you who published.
Tom Rutledge: That's not the way we think about it.
Chris Winfrey: It's not the way that all we think about. It just happens to be some coincidence. But I think you had [indiscernible] published a number that was relatively high for what we would spend on  that number that NBC told to me is a multibillion dollar number, and that's way more than what this project is going to cost. And that will be ROI-based. We don't have a specific time line other than we'll roll out market-by-market based on where we have the best ROI to achieve that. But the capital spending is - it's large. But in the overall context of Charter, it's not that big.
Phil Cusick: Thats helpful. Thanks, guys.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Phil. Kavita, next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS.
John Hodulik: Great. Thanks, guys. During the quarter, you signed a new affiliate agreement with Viacom. And it seems like the wording has changed a bit. So anything you could tell us about, maybe not a specific deal, but just affiliate deals in general? Are you getting more flexibility? As you are more sort of B2C participation because there's obviously fewer blackouts and so that seemingly, the negotiations are going better. So just any evolution there that you're seeing. And then going back a couple of years, you guys talked about 500 basis points or so of sort of visibility on margin improvement. And in the prepared remarks, you talked about all the digitalization and efforts there that should sort of keep that trend going. But just in some - any change in your visibility for margin improvement from the sort of 39% levels as you look out over the next couple of years? Thanks.
Tom Rutledge: John, with regard to Viacom, I would say this, it was a modern agreement, a new agreement and recognized that the video business is changing, and it addressed our legacy relationship and addressed our new direct-to-consumer relationship with Viacom. And they were, I think, happy with the discussion, and we were obviously since we agreed to it. And the - it's different than prior agreements because they have direct-to-consumer products, and those were integral to the discussion. And consistent with our view that we'd like to be part of the marketplace and to enhance our video and customer relationship with customers through managing transactions for them. So it did that.
Chris Winfrey: On the margin, I think you know us well enough, John, that we don't think about the business in terms of percentage margin terms. It doesn't drive how we do investment planning or operating plans or budgets. But the part of your question is, are we going to continue to get more efficient? And the answer is yes. I mean, you have double-digit percentage increases in the number of trouble calls and service calls per customer relationship year-over-year, and that continues. It has a long runway. I think the bigger driver for consolidated margin really is much more about revenue mix. So if you think about what we're doing, we're adding mobile in, which has a positive EBITDA on the increment, but it has a lower structural percentage margin, if you think about it that way. We use video and mobile to drive higher attach rates for broadband, which is a high growth margin. We use it to drive higher retention of broadband. So we use lower stand-alone margin products to drive higher-margin acquisition and retention. And at the end of the day, that's not at all how we think about the mix. What we're thinking about is how can we create the most value in the household to drive the most products going in that gets the most EBITDA and the most cash flow per household. And so you could have a low revenue business with a high percentage margin and have this victory lap of high percentage margin, but you could have lower EBITDA and lower cash flow per household, and that's not the model that we deploy. So we're looking to put as much product in much value and to get as much EBITDA and cash flow out of the household by providing products that - and packages that our customers can't replicate and make it easy to - for customers to stay with us for a long period of time. So I don't want to give a guidance on where margin is going, other than it's going to be much more of a function of our lower video losses, continued growth in mobile, continued growth in Internet, which goes the opposite direction. But the biggest thing to focus on us is free cash flow and free cash flow per share.
John Hodulik: Okay. Thanks, Chris.
Chris Winfrey: Yeah.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, John. Excuse me, Kavita, we'll take our next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Cahall, Wells Fargo.
Steven Cahall: Thanks. Could you maybe talk about costs a little bit, both in the P&L and in CapEx in the back half of the year? You mentioned some of the labor cost increases? And I know labor is also a big piece of CapEx and especially with a strong selling environment. Just how should we think about cost growth in the back half of the year? And then on share repurchase, you're annualizing to a pretty big share repurchase here. I know you don't guide on it. I'm just curious if you could talk about what informed your thinking on share repurchase in the first half of the year and if there's anything that's shifting as we move into the back half of the year? Thanks.
Chris Winfrey: Sure. And the cost commentary, if you go back after the call, take a look at the prepared remarks, what I was trying to make clear is as the - as churn returns into the marketplace, that will give us better selling opportunities, which should ultimately lead to net adds. Some of that will be timing driven, but - as I talked about earlier. But it's going to increase our sales commissions. It's going to increase the number of installations that we do, which has OpEx into, a lesser extent, CapEx. And it will increase the number of newer tenured customers who tend to call more frequently at the beginning. So operating cost and a higher transaction environment and higher churn environment move up. And in some sense, that's what we're hoping for is that we'll have OpEx pressure because our sales will be accelerating and our net adds would be higher, and it's not in the environment that we've been in the first half. And so we'll just do a good job of explaining that as it's taking place. But we've been trying to condition people from that environment since the beginning of the year, and it's happening later than we expected and may continue to push out. The other item that in the cost category of the bad debt, which goes along if you're non-pay. And it also attaches to - it's driven as well by people just moving and term [ph] generally. And the CapEx is less impacted. From a volume standpoint, yes, you'll have a little bit more CP purchase. You'll have a little bit more capitalized install, but it doesn't move around quite as rapidly in that environment as you'd see in OpEx. On share repurchase, we've been targeting a leverage to be at the mid to high end of our target leverage range. And so the buybacks, we think about the long-term value of Charter, and we think it's high. And so really, when we look at buybacks, it's more about the target leverage range target, as opposed to trying to be opportunistic for not day triggers. We have a good long-term view on the value of Charter. And so our buyback is much more informed [ph] by the target leverage, target leverage where we expect to be at the end of the year.
Steven Cahall: Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: Yeah.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Steven. Kavita, we'll take our next question, please?
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America Securities.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. I guess two separate questions. On - Comcast has flexed in the market for quite a while. And Altice recently announced their own streaming hardware. Are you planning on introducing anything similar for your customer base? And if you are, would you build it or potentially license flex from Comcast? Or how are you thinking about it? And then separately, can you - you've called out advanced advertising or addressable everything a number of times as a driver and you've always been an industry leader in this area. Can you give us some color on current initiatives? And where you see it going?
Tom Rutledge: Jessica, with regard to our IP box solution, we've got a bunch of techniques and market facing IT strategies. One is that we have an app-based user interface, and a lot of our customers bring their own hardware and use our apps and get their MVPD service in that way from us. We also have the existing world box that we've deployed to our customer base. And in that world box is an IP platform. And we have - we are beginning to put apps, Netflix, YouTube and other apps on to our existing set-top box. And we continue to engage with Comcast on a discussion about their flex technology and what it might be are capable of doing for us.
Chris Winfrey: And I'll take the advertising question and then add, if needed. The - David Klein appreciates your complement to the industry-leading, I'm sure, Jessica. But the driver here is we've really had an enhanced ability to sell the long-tail inventory and be able to monetize what was previously not utilized. And we have a tool that's called Audience App. Because we have all of the set-top box data in an aggregated anonymized way for all of our customer base. We have the ability to present that to buyers of advertising and sell the long-tail inventory in a way that you were never able to do because Nielsen doesn't go very deep. And so we can sell that on a zone basis. We can sell it on a split-avail basis, addressable. And we can really effectively guarantee a buyer impressions across not just the traditional set-top box base, but clearly, through the increasing amount of IP-based viewing that we have off a Spectrum TV app, which is on Apple TV, on Roku and Samsung TV and all these other devices, iOS devices, Android and really monetize those impressions and monetize the set-top box inventory in a very similar way. So I do think that we're leading the charge of moving the entire advertising space to an impression-based viewing and being able to show it to the buyer where across all of the different channels that they can get placement and to be able to validate and verify on the back end that those eyeballs were actually captured and that they had a good return. We've also been investing in addition to more forward thinking areas like addressability which we're selling, split avails, which we have capabilities on, but also moving into using everything that I just described before, moving into attribution as well. And that's the Holy Grail here of being able to sell and then to go back and - or take a lead to the customer what exactly it drove in terms of sales for them. So we have a fully - full set of advertising capabilities that we offer to a client, super local when needed, addressable when needed. And we do it in traditional set-top box impression-based viewing and digital, which we sell as well. So despite the fact that the local ad sales market isn't all the way back, it's actually down relative to 2019. Certain segments like auto aren't performing as well because they don't have a lot of inventory. But despite that, our overall ad sales are up versus 2019, primarily driven by all the different capabilities that I described and the ability to make use of inventory that wasn't previously monetized.
Tom Rutledge: At higher CPMs.
Chris Winfrey: At higher CPMs. It gives us more value.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Can you license that across the industry or volume?
Chris Winfrey: I think you went soft, but I think you asked if we could license that across the industry. We're always open to revenue opportunities.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thanks
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Jessica. Kavita, we'll take our last question, please?
Operator: Your last question will come from the line of Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Kraft: Hi, good morning. Wanted to ask a couple, if I could. In broad strokes, following up with the last question, can you talk about how the agreements you're reaching with programmers to carry their streaming services, provide you with ad inventory that you can monetize in the future as you gain scale there? And then secondly, I just wanted to see if you could comment on what you're seeing in terms of any incremental competitive fiber-to-the-home expansion in your footprint and or fixed wireless? Is there anything observable there? Or is it pretty much business as usual? Thanks.
Tom Rutledge: Well, I think your last question on competition, we continue to see a similar marketplace that we've seen for a number of years now in terms of competitive overbuilds. We're continuing to do well everywhere we operate, and we are the share leader everywhere we operate competitively speaking. The - with regard to programmers, yes, there's an opportunity depending on the model, either for an advertising sale in the app and at multiple levels and the transaction opportunity as well in creating new subscriptions. So I guess the short answer is yes.
Bryan Kraft: Is - and Tom, maybe just to follow-up there. As you - it sounds like you're building some of these revenue streams now as the apps available through your current set-top box infrastructure, as you shift to sort of your next gen, whether it's Flex or something else, do you see those opportunities kind of ending significantly or..
Tom Rutledge: Yes, I do. I think there's an opportunity to have a better advertising business than we've had historically. That works better for advertisers. It's more direct. It's got attribution. And we have a large skilled sales force on the streets, in the cities that we operate. So yes, I think it's an opportunity to create increased revenue.
Bryan Kraft: Okay. Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Bryan. And thanks to everyone. We will see you next quarter.
Chris Winfrey: Thank you very much.
Tom Rutledge: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Charter's First Quarter 2021 Investor Call. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Stefan Anninger. Please go ahead.
Stefan Anninger: Good morning, and welcome to Charter's first quarter 2021 investor call. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com, under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K and also our 10-Q filed this morning. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call. However, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect management's current view only, and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements or to make additional forward-looking statements in the future. During the course of today's call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures, as defined by Charter, may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. Please also note that all growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise specified. On today's call, we have Tom Rutledge, Chairman and CEO; and Chris Winfrey, our CFO. With that, let's turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Rutledge: Thanks, Stefan. We continue to execute well in the first quarter even in an environment with lower consumer move activity. We added over 300,000 customer relationships during the quarter with growth of 5.8% year-over-year. We also added 355,000 Internet customers in the quarter and 2 million over the last year for a year-over-year growth of 7.3%. We added 300,000 mobile lines, and we grew our adjusted EBITDA by 12.5% and our free cash flow by nearly $500 million or 35%. COVID has continued to have an impact on our operations, but the economy  as the economy reopens and normal activities resume, we expect more sales opportunities to develop during the second half of the year. And we remain confident in our ability to grow our customers' EBITDA and free cash flow at healthy rates given the investments we've made in our network, which enable us to offer superior products and services. While the last year has focused on our successful operations and execution through the pandemic, May 18 will mark the 5 anniversary of the closing of our transaction to acquire Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks. Since then, we've added more than 7 million Internet customers, and our annual EBITDA has expanded from $13.6 billion to over $19 billion, and our enterprise value has increased by $100 billion. Since the start of 2016, we've invested over $40 billion in infrastructure and technology. And over the last 5 years, we've extended serviceability to approximately 5 million homes and businesses. We've also committed to extending our network to reach more rural areas. Over the next 6 years, we expect to spend at least $5 billion, offset by $1.2 billion in RDOF subsidies to reach over 1 million unserved consumer locations to gigabit Internet speeds. And we're actively exploring additional opportunities to further expand our rural build potential. Since our transactions closed, we've also enhanced the quality and efficiency of our operations. We've hired thousands of new employees into good jobs by bringing all of our work back to the U.S., and we committed to a minimum wage of $20 per hour to provide the best service possible, which fuels our growth. Since close, we prepared the launch of mobile broadband products at scale, and our customers now have the fastest and least expensive mobile and wireline broadband products available in the market. Importantly, we continue to improve our connectivity products as demand for data in the home continues to grow at a very rapid pace. During the first quarter, we continued to see significant growth in data usage per Internet customer. On average, non-video customers used about 700 gigabytes per month in the first part of the quarter. And for the full quarter, average usage by non-video customers was up nearly 20% year-over-year. Close to 20% of our non-traditional video Internet customers now use a terabyte or more of data per month. The growth in demand for data is and will be driven by a number of factors, including the growth in IP video services, including video conferencing and gaming, also the growing number of IP devices connected to our network, which now totals nearly 450 million devices, and new and emerging products and services that are being developed as we speak, such as e-learning for telemedicine and 4K, virtual reality or holographic formats, for example. We're continuously increasing the capacity in our core and hubs and augmenting our network to improve speed and performance at a pace dictated by customers in the marketplace. We have a cost-effective approach to using DOCSIS 3.1, which we've already deployed, to expand our network capacity 1.2 gigahertz, which gives us the ability to offer multi-gigabit speeds in the downstream and at least 1 gigabit per second in the upstream. In additional  in addition, we have DOCSIS 4.0 and other emerging technologies to cost efficiently offer multi-gigabit speeds in both the downstream and in the upstream, serving heavy data usage needs of our customers with quality connectivity services. While we have a great network asset, which is fully deployed and has a capitally efficient path to deliver even higher capabilities, our strategy is founded on saving customers' money while providing state-of-the-art products. Mobile and wireline broadband are converging into a single connectivity service package, which has delivered over a combination of mobile and fixed networks. Our share of household connectivity spend including mobile and fixed broadband, is low. And we remain very much underpenetrated relative to our long-term opportunity. An average household served by the big three mobile broadband competitors, with two-plus lines of mobile broadband and wireline broadband, spends approximately $200 a month on its telecom services. Today, Charter only generates $33 a passing and $65 a customer of that $200 of combined monthly spend on mobile and wireline broadband service. By choosing Charter as their full-service connectivity provider, customers can save hundreds, even thousands of dollars per year with better product capabilities and service. And so our goal is to do the same with mobile in our service area as we did with wireline voice, where we made charter the predominant wireline phone carrier by reducing consumer telephone bills by over 70%. Meaning Charter can grow for a long time because we remain underpenetrated and our growth will reduce customer costs. Now I'll turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks, Tom. Before getting into the details of the quarter, a few comments regarding our outlook and reporting. On last quarter's conference call, I spent some time walking through the outlook for 2021, that commentary related to our customer and financial growth expectations given the difficult comparability to prior year results due to the effects of COVID in 2020. Those comments were intended to help investors update their models for 2021 and understand the backdrop for what should be a very good 2022. So while I won't repeat everything I said on the last earnings call, our outlook in general has not changed. 2019 remains the better customer growth comparison for 2021, where we expect Internet and customer relationships to be at or above 2019 net additions. And we will continue to reference the COVID schedules we've provided last year, and included again on Slide 17 and 18 of today's presentation, to help with the year-over-year financial comparisons. Secondly, bundle allocation rules as required by GAAP continue to have a significant impact on our residential Internet, video and voice product revenues. Because of the declining utility of individual product revenues to investors, it's likely that, at some point, will collapse all residential product revenues into one residential revenue line. Turning to our results on Slide 5. Customer activity levels in the marketplace, specifically move churn and non-pay churn, have still not returned to normal levels, which means, on the one hand, we benefit from the lower operating expense from reduced service transactions and significantly lower bad debt. But it also means there are fewer selling opportunities in the market generally. Those trends are on a slow path to normalization. Despite a lower sales environment, we continue to gain share across our footprint, and we remain the share leader in Internet in all of our markets regardless of competing infrastructure. We grew total residential and SMB customer relationships by over 1.7 million in the last 12 months and by 302,000 in the first quarter. Including residential and SMB, we grew our Internet customers by 355,000 in the quarter and by 2 million or 7.3% over the last 12 months. Video declined by 138,000; wireline voice declined by 88,000; and we added 300,000 higher ARPU mobile lines. In residential Internet, we added a total of 334,000 customers in the quarter, lower than the 398,000 that we gained during a strong first quarter in 2019 for the reasons I mentioned. Our residential video customers declined by 156,000, consistent with the loss of 152,000 we saw in the first quarter of 2019. In wireline voice, we lost 102,000 residential customers in the quarter, also similar to the loss of 120,000 in the first quarter of 2019. Turning to mobile. We added 300,000 mobile lines in the quarter. And as of the end of the quarter, we had 2.7 million mobile lines with a good mix of both Unlimited and By the Gig lines. We continue to be pleased with the results and trajectory of Spectrum Mobile, with less EBITDA loss per line as the business scales to expected stand-alone profitability. Over the last year, we grew total residential customers by 1.6 million or 5.8%. Residential revenue per customer relationship declined by 0.5% year-over-year, given the higher mix of non-video customers, higher mix of choice, essentials and stream customers within our video base, lower pay-per-view and video-on-demand revenue and lower installation revenue given higher self-install rates. Keep in mind that our residential ARPU does not reflect any mobile revenue. As Slide 6 shows, residential revenue grew by 5.8% year-over-year, reflecting customer relationship growth. Turning to commercial. SMB revenue grew by 1.6%, a bit faster than last quarter's growth. Enterprise revenue was up by 2.5% year-over-year, also a bit better than last quarter and grew by 7.2%, excluding wholesale revenue. Enterprise PSUs grew by 2.8% year-over-year. First quarter advertising revenue declined by 5.8% year-over-year due to less political revenue. Our non-political revenue grew by 5.3% year-over-year, primarily due to some COVID impacts late last March and our growing advanced advertising capabilities. Other revenue declined by 2% year-over-year, driven by lower late fees, partly offset by higher RSN revenue. Mobile revenue totaled $492 million with $228 million of that revenue being device revenue. In total, consolidated first quarter revenue was up 6.7% year-over-year. Moving to operating expenses on Slide 7. In the first quarter, total operating expenses grew by $235 million or 3.2% year-over-year. Programming increased 3.3% year-over-year due to higher rates, offset by a higher mix of lighter video packages, such as Choice, Essentials and Stream, and lower pay-per-view expenses year-over-year tied to the lower pay-per-view revenue I mentioned. Regulatory connectivity and produced content grew by 8.9%, driven by more Laker games than normal this quarter, resulting from the delayed start to the NBA season, combined with fewer games in the prior year period when sports leagues played fewer games due to COVID. Excluding those sports rights costs related to our RSNs, this expense line item grew by 2.1% year-over-year. Cost to service customers declined by 2.4% year-over-year compared to 5.8% customer relationship growth. The decline was driven by $100 million in lower bad debt, which continues to benefit from record payment trends similar to 2020, though our expectation remains that bad debt trends should normalize over the course of this year. On the other direction, we saw pressure from outsized hourly wage increases that we put through in March of last year and again in March of this year, which we've discussed previously and relate to our commitment to reach a $20 minimum starting wage in 2022. Excluding bad debt, cost of service customers grew by 3.2% year-over-year, including the minimum starting wage increase and reflecting the 5.8% relationship growth. Marketing and sales expenses declined by 2% year-over-year. Mobile expenses totaled $572 million and were comprised of mobile device cost tied to device revenue, customer acquisition and service and operating costs. In other expenses declined by 5.5%, primarily driven by a non-recurring adjustment to bonuses related to COVID. Adjusted EBITDA grew by 12.5% in the quarter. Excluding mobile and bad debt in both years, our EBITDA growth rate would have been 3.6 percentage points lower. Turning to net income on Slide 8. We generated $807 million of net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the first quarter versus $396 million last year. The year-over-year increase was primarily driven by higher adjusted EBITDA. Turning to Slide 9. Capital expenditures totaled $1.8 billion in the first quarter, an increase of $360 million year-over-year, driven by higher scalable infrastructure spend, primarily related to augmentation of our network capacity at our normal pace for customer growth and usage, with incremental spending to reclaim the network headroom we maintained prior to COVID. We also spent more on line extensions due to continued network expansion, including to rural areas. This does not include any yard-off spend, which we will incur and start to disclose later this year. The cost of build-outs tends to be front-loaded with design, make-ready construction before passings are activated. So it will take well into next year before our construction cadence lets any cost per passing metric to be meaningful. We spent $112 million on mobile-related CapEx this quarter, which is mostly accounted for in support capital and was driven by investments in back-office systems and mobile store build-outs. For the full year 2021, we expect cable capital expenditures, excluding any RDOF investments, to be relatively consistent as a percentage of cable revenue versus 2020. As Slide 10 shows, we generated $1.9 billion of consolidated free cash flow this quarter, an increase of 35% year-over-year. We finished the quarter with $84.3 billion in debt principal, and our current run rate annualized cash interest, pro forma for financing activity completed in April is $4 billion. As of the end of the first quarter, our net debt to last 12-month adjusted EBITDA was 4.38x, and we intend to stay at or just below the high end of our 4 to 4.5x leverage range. During the quarter, we repurchased 6.3 million shares  Charter shares in Charter Holdings common units, totaling about $4 billion at an average price of $627 per share. In September of 2016, we've repurchased $43 billion or 34% of Charter's equity at an average price of $408 per share. Turning to taxes on Slide 13. We don't anticipate becoming a meaningful federal cash tax payer until 2022, and we expect the bulk of our existing NOL to be utilized by the end of this year. Subject to any corporate tax rate changes for the years 2022 to 2024, we expect our federal and state cash taxes to approximate our consolidated EBITDA, less our capital expenditures and less our cash interest expense, multiplied by 23% to 25% with a tax rate in 2022 to be a bit lower than that range given some carryover tax attributes. That estimate includes partnership tax distributions to advance Newhouse, which are captured separately in cash flows from financing in the financial statements. There are multiple factors that impact what I just described, and we're always looking for ways to improve our cash tax profile. Our operating model of growing by saving customers' money. Our network capabilities now and in the future and our balance sheet strategy all work together over long periods of time. And we expect our results to reflect a growing infrastructure asset with a lot of ancillary products to use for until on top of our core connectivity services with good value and service to our customers to grow cash flow with tax-advantaged levered equity returns. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse. Go ahead please. Your line is open. 
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much. Good morning. One for Tom. One for Chris. Tom, I feel like you threw down the gauntlet a bit on fixed wireless convergence  fixed wireline convergence. I think the  including the entire mobile market in your target market of $200 a home of telecom spending. Does your commentary suggest a more aggressive posture regarding wireless marketing? You already have a pretty healthy growth pace of lines already. And when you look out 5 or 10 years, if that's where the market is headed, I know you've been asked and answered in the past, but wouldn't that suggest at some point need owner's economics on the wireless side to match up with what you have on the wireline side. And then, Chris, can you talk about the returns investors should expect on the $5 billion of build-out CapEx or the $3.8 billion net CapEx spend over the next 5 years? Thank you both. 
Tom Rutledge: Sure. So Doug, yes, I think that our opportunity over a multiyear period is significant. And I think that we have an opportunity to  when you look at the penetration of those mobile products, we have an opportunity to continue to grow rapidly. And so we are moving to make sure that happens in terms of the way we position and sell our products and in terms of their  both product attributes and the price that we charge. My  the purpose of that exposition on how much telecom spin there is, is just to show that there's lots of runway in front of us and a significant market opportunity there for us to create value for Charter while, at the same time, creating value for consumers. In terms of convergence, we already are moving toward convergence in many ways. And we have owners' economics in many ways. And we also have a good relationship as an MVNO. The owners' economics we get are in the CBRS spectrum that we purchased and its deployment in the Wi-Fi network that we've deployed and the traffic that we carry over it. And there's continued opportunities to take advantage of that in the near-term and the long-term to create additional value for our customers and for the company's cost structure.
Chris Winfrey: On the RDOF spend, Doug, the way we think about that $5 billion just in Phase 1 of RDOF, we think there may be more opportunities over time either through federal programs or through what we call white space areas that might be a product of the additional rural investing that we make that open up new opportunities. But when you think about this in terms of project financing, these construction projects have a much higher cost per passing than what we've typically built, and they have a longer payback. But as a result of them being as expensive as they are, we have a real high confidence in our ability to penetrate these markets with a broadband service that's needed and desired. And so what that means is, together with low-risk assumptions on ARPU, you can have pretty high confidence in terms of what the financial model is going to look like both from a cost and revenue perspective over time. So I think I've mentioned in the past that we'd expect the payback  the cash-from-cash payback for these type of projects to be double digits in terms of years, so over 10 years. But the IRR can be mid-teens. And so we think those attractive investment with a low risk in terms of our ability to achieve those types of returns. What we haven't factored into any of that is what does that open for additional building opportunities on the edge of those networks as well as some of these rural communities by having broadband can actually have more fill in or become more suburban like, which could open up opportunities, which aren't built into our model. We think it's consistent to build this way as part of our strategy, and we think it's the right thing to do for the extended communities that we serve. And we think it's attractive for shareholders as a way to continue to grow our broadband footprint over time. So another alternative way to think about it is when you think about those type of economics, it's actually not that different from cable M&A at a point in time where there just hasn't been unfortunately as much cable M&A that we would have liked to have done.
Doug Mitchelson: Great. Thank you. 
Stefan Anninger: James, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. Good morning. Tom, I was wondering if we could get your perspective. This came up on yesterday's Comcast call on sort of the consumer demand and opportunity for Charter to offer symmetric products and sort of the need for the network to offer symmetric service and kind of how you get there. You touched on 3.1 and 4.0 in your prepared remarks. But if you could give us a little sense of the past and time line in your mind and I guess the cost, whether it would move capital intensity around enough that we would notice And then I was just wondering, Chris, this sort of subdued activity level we're seeing, which is helping bad debt hurting gross adds, I know it's impossible to know, but could this end up sort of lasting through the year? I mean it seems like even though we're seeing vaccinations ramp back up, the consumer  we're seeing this across a lot of companies. This churn is at like record lows, so like unusually low levels. I'm just wondering if you  if you're seeing any signs that things are normalizing? Or if that's just an expectation you have? Thank you guys.
Tom Rutledge: So Ben, the issue of capacity and where it's needed and how it's used is a complicated discussion. But basically, our view is that if you think about the way networks are used, and I said people are using 700 gigs a month in the presentation today and a lot of our customers are using over a terabyte per month, most of that is television being delivered through IP to households. And the actual upstream usage is quite sufficient for all the current uses that we have. So we don't have an immediate need to expand the capacity of the plant. And the plant is actually used in a very asymmetric way by the products that are currently on it. And we don't see that changing in the near-term. But we do have the capability from a technical perspective to upgrade our network based on changing market dynamics, however they may develop in terms of how products develop. We don't see an immediate need to do that, but we do think our network from a competitive point of view is well positioned from a capital intensity perspective to make those upgrade costs at much lower cost than alternative means. And so we think that we're positioned to grow in the marketplace in a very efficient way and serve products that we need to serve up based on the way the market develops. But today, we should continue to operate our network with more capacity downstream than upstream.
Ben Swinburne: Great.
Chris Winfrey: Ben, on the lower level of activity, it's true. It's normalizing slightly slower than what we would have expected or hoped for. Like I said in the prepared remarks, the benefit is that we have really significant EBITDA growth as a result of last year's subscriber growth and this year  this quarter's subscriber growth, compounded by the lower level of activity in the marketplace, which is driving down transaction costs and churn and bad debt, which produces an outsized temporary financial result. Our preference would be to put a little bit of pressure on those financial results by increasing our sales and marketing through commissions and through normalizing the market through a higher level of move activity, which opens up additional selling opportunities for us as a share taker. It's a share-taker year. We'd like to be on the offensive and to acquire customers and save some money. And that opportunity is what contributes to net adds and what contributes to short-term financial pressure to have a higher long-term EBITDA and free cash flow. We have seen the market slowly coming back. And so it is moving in the right direction. It's just not moving as fast as some of us would like. That includes from move churn slight  not as much on non-pay because of all this subsidy thats out there today, which is a different topic. I think it's going to start getting back to normal here pretty quick. A lot of us who have been in the office every day through the pandemic that we're just noting this morning that the pickup in traffic even in the New York and Connecticut area, it's pretty symbolic in terms. It's going to normalize, and we think that will start to  it will continue to take place across the rest of the country. And so we're optimistic about our ability to sell and net add through the rest of the year.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: James, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs. Go ahead please. Your line is open. 
Brett Feldman: Thanks. I'm going to kind of stick with a similar theme. I appreciate that moves creates a lot of jump balls for the company, but you only serve half the households in your footprint. The vast majority of those you don't serve, I think, are poorly served, and that's probably becoming increasingly apparent to them. Does the math on marketing dollars become more favorable, meaning looking to potentially force the issue a bit as opposed to just waiting for a natural shift in volumes in the market? And then also, I'm curious how significant is an assumption that, bad debt sort of reverts to normalized levels in terms of thinking about the margin profile of the company this year? And the reason I ask is it would seem like all the things going on in the background are favorable to bad debt, whether it's an expectation that the economy is going to continue to recover and also just the government continuing to show a prioritization and making sure that people not only have access to good broadband but are able to sustain that access, including through additional subsidy programs. It all just seems to be moving in your favor from a bad debt standpoint. Thanks. 
Chris Winfrey: So, two separate topics. One and I am not sure if Tom would differ. But we feel we are pretty aggressive on the sales and marketing side. And to the extent that we could be more aggressive, and we thought that it would have the ability to add more subscribers, and we would do it. And so we are always looking for that, and we are not afraid to spend if we think we can drive customer acquisition, some of the difficulties that you are digging out customers and they are inert. And so you have to keep coming back and back and back. And as attractive as our products are and as much as we can save customers money, it takes a while to prime loose, and its disruptive to swap out one, if not all, of your services in the household. And despite the economics that we can provide and the better quality speeds and service, it just takes a little bit of time. But we are always looking for ways to be more aggressive. And as Tom mentioned, I think mobile, because of the additional outsized amount of dollars that we can save customers, is a really interesting tool, together with the combined benefits of products that we can provide that most cannot.
Tom Rutledge: I agree with that.
Chris Winfrey: Okay. Good for me. And bad debt. And look, there is a bull case that the market could start to move and our selling opportunities could increase, which would drive higher commissions and transaction costs to acquire and provision and install these customers. And the bull case would be at the same time, we have that because the level of subsidy that is out in the marketplace and might continue that our bad debt could remain low, and it could actually open up. Those subsidies could open up portions of the market from an affordability standpoint that could drive more sales. And so could end up with the best of the both worlds, maybe, but thats not something that we are betting on. Its an environment we have never really seen before. And thats not factored into any of the kind of outlook or forward-looking statements that were provided. I dont think we want to depend on third parties to drive our growth. And it may be the case that, thats how it turns out. But right now, we are focused on just selling more cable and minimizing the churn to the extent that we can things that are in our control.
Tom Rutledge: What I would say is that we are in an unusual climate, and its still unusual. And when it normalizes, which I expect it to normalize, our cost structure will revert to what it was historically, and that includes a bad debt. And as a result of that, growth could accelerate, but growth also can create cost as  well, when you are comparing it to someone who isnt growing. And so that has an impact on margins. But the overall trajectory of our business, notwithstanding the current circumstances, which are really unprecedented. The fundamental cost to serve our customers continues to come down because of our digitization of the sales and marketing and service infrastructure of the company and our ability to do self-service and self-installation. And the relative ease of delivery going forward creates long-term advantages and the cost of CPE continues to come down on a relative basis. So, we have long run trends, which are favorable to our cost structure. We have short-term trends which are favorable to our cost structure which I expect to go away.
Brett Feldman: Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: James, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Craig Moffett: Hi. Two questions, if I could. Chris, I want to push you to just return to what you were just talking about of stimulus. And just given the size of the stimulus with  about 4x as much stimulus in dollars, about $20 billion as the annual growth rate of the entire U.S. band market. How do we think about quantifying that? I know you said its not in your numbers, but can you just talk about what you as a company have done to prepare in terms of applications and what have you for the EBPP and the E-Rate? And what impact do you think that might have on your business? And then a second somewhat unrelated question, just if you could talk about the Business Services segment perhaps, and thats still growing significantly more slowly than residential. Are you more or less through the re-pricing of the TWC customers now, so that we can expect that to return to being a growth driver rather than, just mathematically today, being a growth drag?
Tom Rutledge: So Craig, on the stimulus, a lot of that money is undifferentiated in the States and has broadband in front of it in the nomenclature, but its  it can go anywhere. And so yes, we are out, through our business sales services groups, trying to orient that money both to line extension and to products for schools and municipalities. And we have a full suite of products to sell. But how that money gets allocated and how it gets spent in the States is difficult to say. And I think it will vary by location. So its a huge opportunity, as you pointed out, and its massive. And our sense is that the States are  dont know how to spend it all. And so they are  we will see what happens, but there is an opportunity there.
Chris Winfrey: And as it relates to business services growth, there are really 2 separate categories here. One is SMB and enterprise. The re-pricing of the TWC base is essentially through for SMB. We have had some pressure recently through seasonality programs that we have offered to SMB customers through COVID that is winding down as well as the re-pricing being through. If you take a look at the unit growth on SMB, I think you can pretty quickly see a path for us to kind of get revenue growth than SMB more closely aligned to the unit growth rate or the customer relationship growth rate. So, I think the outlook on SMB from a revenue standpoint is positive. The same applies for enterprise. Enterprise is a slightly different set of circumstances. The retail revenue growth rate, like SMB, has been accelerating. And its up sequentially, the same as SMB. Its now at 7.2% for the retail portion of revenue for enterprise. And its being held back slightly by wholesale, particularly cell tower backhaul, where thats becoming a lesser and lesser portion of the overall revenue mix in enterprise. And the more strategic piece for us is retail in any event. The enterprise business is selling more, is doing extremely well, both certainly compared to last year, but also compared to 2019. And thats despite the fact that these are complex fiber products where today, less than 25% of the time, we are meeting our customers CIOs in the office. So, thats a difficult sell to make when you are not in person to have a complex fiber cell, whether its for fiber Internet access, Ethernet, unified communications, SD-WAN, and yet our sales are increasing and accelerating despite the fact that we cant be on location to make those cells. So, I am optimistic about the enterprise retail side and what thats going to do for the overall revenue growth rate, not only for enterprise, but when you look at commercial combined together with SMB, which is also improving.
Craig Moffett: Thanks Chris.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks Craig. James, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Supino with Bernstein. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Peter Supino: Hi. I wanted to ask about the mobile business. Do you expect to use device subsidies any more aggressively in the future? I know your unit economics have historically made that challenging and also have the sense that they are getting better. So, any thoughts on that strategy for the long run would be great? Thanks.
Tom Rutledge: We  so far, we havent done that much of that, and we like the way we are marketing it currently.
Chris Winfrey: Its not a great business. Yes, in of itself.
Tom Rutledge: We will create customers if we can retain those customers and whatever works, but we are doing well without it.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks Peter. James, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick with JPMorgan. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Phil Cusick: Hi, guys. A couple of sort of follow-ups. On broadband, Chris, can you talk about the drivers of seasonality in customer growth in a typical second quarter? And any differences we might see this year because of the pandemic? And do you think that could be offset somewhat by increasing win opportunities in ABB? And then second, on CapEx, higher or at least stable, not stable to lower in the core cable business. Whats changing there? Do you see more opportunities? Is that a function of mobile? Whats happening? Thanks.
Chris Winfrey: On broadband, I dont see the broader seasonality differences that have always existed in Q2 with disconnects in Q3 with reconnects. A lot of thats college and back-to-school driven as well as the mood season of people repositioning it if anything. On one end I think it will be normal, on the other hand you could argue that things really do get back to fully normalized level to maybe a pent up demand for that type of activity. So, I dont know. The two factors you mentioned which could around the edges have an impact slightly, although I dont think it changes the overall curve, would be to the extent that subsidies and stimulus continued to drive down non-pay. And at the same time, we had an acceleration of move churn, which is a lot more selling opportunities, maybe that could have a positive impact. And the other one that you pointed out was the EBPP program, which could have similar type of benefits both on the non-pay as well as on the activation side. But I dont think that fundamentally, the overall trend of Q2 compared to Q1 or Q3 or Q4 is going to be that much different. On CapEx, we slightly tweaked what we said from an outlook perspective. And it ties back to what I talked about with Ben in terms of the market is normalizing, but just at a slightly slower pace. But as that market has been  remains slow to normalize, data usage remains high. And so that has an impact on the amount of headroom we planned for in terms of capacity and network augmentation. Now its very much possible our core cable capital intensity declines this year. But given the uncertainty, we updated the outlook slightly to say relatively consistent with last year. But I want to be clear, there is no change to our long-term outlook for core cable capital intensity to decline.
Phil Cusick: Thanks. Chris, do you think that with mobile wireless broadband coming on, does that give you any pause on your assumption for a strong second half or is that sort of built in already?
Chris Winfrey: Mobile wireless broadband, you mean our home mobile wireless broadband.
Phil Cusick: Wireless  sorry, no, competitive wireless broadband coming to the markets?
Chris Winfrey: We are not a wireless broadband, but  are you talking about somebody elses?
Phil Cusick: Sorry. I mean T-Mobile and Verizon, T-Mobile and Verizon mid-band wireless offerings?
Chris Winfrey: Look, we are always concerned about competition, and we are watching for it. On the increment, and I think there will be added pressure. We think its a real product for certain areas of a customer base. And so its something we are keeping an eye on. And we have our own mobile broadband wireless together with our fixed line broadband converged we think competes well, and it requires us to continue to invest in that space.
Tom Rutledge: And we will be on that spectrum as well.
Chris Winfrey: Correct. From a C-band perspective, that will be something we participate through the MVNO and then we have our own CBRS, which you are aware of as well.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks Phil. James, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Rollins with Citi. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Michael Rollins: Thanks. First, can you share your mix of broadband customers between entry level versus higher level tiers? And how you are looking at the ARPU opportunities and take to migrate customers to higher performance levels? And then secondly, just from your comments earlier, can you share what the fair average rate of estimated pass-through growth can be for Charter if you think about it on a 3-year to 5-year horizon, and you could share that with or without RDOF? Thanks.
Tom Rutledge: In terms of the broadband customer base, most of our customer base is on entry level package, meaning 200 megabits. So, our basic strategy has been to have a very rich broadband product as our base product. And we have continuously taken that up. And so in terms of opportunities to sell up, we have a lot of it. We havent done much of that really. We do it. And obviously, we satisfy the market, but the bulk of our customer base is at the entry-level speed, which is quite high. Our  I am not sure I fully understood what you were going at with the passings growth. But its really about housing starts and versus if you take out the RDOF out of it and whats that going to look like. And yes, we  our footprint pretty much looks like the United States from a statistical perspective. And so if you look at housing starts and you have an opinion on that, that will probably mirror our passings growth.
Chris Winfrey: I agree. That will be the variability driver. Just to put in context of whats going on today, we are building about  we are constructing about 600,000 a year, much of which is rural extensions proactive on our part already before RDOF. The remainder of what you see of our passings growth is fill-in and other type of what we call brownfield opportunities.
Tom Rutledge: Well, new developments.
Chris Winfrey: New developments.
Tom Rutledge: So thats in Florida.
Chris Winfrey: Yes, certainly. That will all depend on the overall housing starts growth. And then during the period of RDOF, there is an additional over 1 million homes that we will construct in these rural areas to address RDOF on top of whatever the organic growth rate is, which a big driver is the housing starts, as Tom mentioned.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks Mike. Operator, we will take our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. I have a question with, I guess, a two-parter on video, which hasnt come up at all. Are there any plans to offer a product similar to Comcast Flex? Can you  maybe you could talk about the pros and cons from a Charter perspective? And then is there any difference in how you are approaching programmers that are now offering direct-to-consumer services that mirror or encompass a lot of the content they have on their pay TV channels?
Tom Rutledge: Jessica, the video business is under a lot of challenge, and its going through a transformation. And we are  we have over 10 million customers now who receive our service through an application as opposed to a set-top box. And we have direct-to-consumer relationships, and we have new relationships with programmers developing that allow us to sell traditional content and bundles. We have different kinds of bundles, some are traditional cable TV packages, some are over-the-top packages and some are direct to consumers, where we are representing direct-to-consumer relationship and really essentially acting in a consignment kind of mode. So, we have every business model you can imagine going on simultaneously, which I think over the long-term creates opportunity for us. Right now, its quite disruptive.
Chris Winfrey: And on approach to programmers.
Tom Rutledge: Well, you mean how we deal with programmers from a content perspective, you mean
Chris Winfrey: Yes. It hasnt changed because of the way that they are selling content into the...
Tom Rutledge: Well, its going to affect the value of content. And obviously, if content comes out of bundled packages and goes direct-to-consumer, its value in the bundle goes down.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks Jessica. James, we will take our next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Chaplin with New Street. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thanks guys. Two unrelated questions. First, Tom, I thought the message on the magnitude of investment you have put into building a future proof network at the beginning of the call is pretty powerful, both in terms of what you have invested over the course of the last 5 years and what you will invest over the course of next 5 years. I am wondering what you would be able to share from the conversations you have been having with the administration around their ambitions for $100 billion in infrastructure investment in broadband. Wondering how  specifically how you guys see the opportunity to benefit from that if it were to come to pass? And where you see potential threats? And then separately, I just looked back at where voice penetration of broadband customers peaked, and it peaked at 50%. And that probably understates your market share because it peaked at the end of 15 when the market was already declining. I am wondering if you can remind us where market share of wired voice peaked for you guys. And is that basically where you are setting your expectation for mobile penetration to go over time?
Tom Rutledge: Well, my hope is to have all the share over time. And so we have significant ambition. It will take a long, long time to get that. But if you do  I dont have the wireline share off the top of my head, but its significant.
Chris Winfrey: There were years and years and years where when we modeled and forecasted and realized what we were getting, it was always at 50% of broadband to your point. And so until the wireline substitution with mobile really took place in a significant way, that was pretty reliable for a long time. So, I think that where really going gives you what you are looking for.
Jonathan Chaplin: If you look at how much of the wireline business we currently own...
Chris Winfrey: Yes.
Tom Rutledge: Its significant. And its oddly, we got the right to be in to compete in the telephone business, and we are a telephone company now. And thats kind of strange when you think about it. In terms of how we are communicating with regard to broadband build-out and subsidy and infrastructure subsidies, our view is that the job one is to get the un-served areas of the country served and that subsidies should be directed to do that. And we are willing to help and invest and to make that happen. And that the private capital thats been deployed in the United States in the communications networks, the capital that just got spent on Spectrum by the wireless companies and us and Comcast and the CBRS auction and the capital thats going into  that has gone into and continues to go into the communications infrastructure in the country is good and held us in good stead in  through the pandemic when we were able to operate networks at high capacity instantaneously, unlike Western Europe and other places where communication services and entertainment services were actually down rest. So, we think there is a good model there and an opportunity to serve the un-served and would like to help and be part of it.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks Jonathan. James
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Bryan Kraft: Hi, good morning. I am going to go off the beat and pass a little bit here. Can you talk about how you are thinking about the future of your Los Angeles RSNs, given the pressures on pay TV bundle volumes that you just talked about against your fixed rates and production costs? Whats the right long-term model for the business? And also under your rights agreements, could you actually bundle it as an app with broadband outside of a bundled service? Thanks.
Tom Rutledge: Well, luckily, its not a material part of our business. Its difficult, and its expensive and the prices continue to go up. Its hard to say how we could monetize it effectively over the long run.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks Bryan. Operator, we will take our last question please.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant with Evercore. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Vijay Jayant: Thanks. I have got two. Chris, given where you are on your wireless subscriber growth, I think you are sort of like 10% behind Comcast, and they are sort of broken even from a profitability standpoint. Is that something we can extrapolate looking out quarter 2 away that its no longer  wireless is no longer going to be sort of a headwind on EBITDA growth? Its not  is there any reason in economics that changes that? And for Tom, your comments, even last quarter and this quarter, talked about obviously healthy broadband growth this year. But interestingly, you talked about acceleration in 2022. Can you sort of talk about what gives you the confidence on that? Is that RDOF contributions or just sort of natural on the core base? Thanks.
Chris Winfrey: So on the wireless EBITDA, and our goal is  its going to sound bad, but our goal isnt to drive short-term EBITDA profitability. Our goal is to drive as much growth as we can because we know what the underlying profitability is and what it does for the overall business. So, I dont think we are going to be forecasting EBITDA breakeven on a consolidated wireless business basis, which isnt even how we look at the business because we think about it combined. And that being said, we have essentially the same economics as Comcast, and so the model is very similar. And  but we are focused on really driving as much subscriber acquisition as we can. The business itself, absent any subscriber acquisition costs, so absent any marketing and sales, already cleared profitability absent growth cost at the 2 million lines mark. So, we are well into that territory. So really, what you are looking at in terms of an EBITDA drag right now is really about new subscriber acquisition. And thats something, if we have the opportunity to push through, we are going to go do that. And so I dont want to give necessarily a guidance or an outlook on that. But the trend continues to improve despite the fact that we have a very strong net addition rate on wireless lines.
Tom Rutledge: And if I understand your question, it was why do we have confidence that broadband growth will accelerate? And why 22 will be better than 21? I think that our basic view is that if you go back over the last few years that we have been on a growth track, and that growth track has been accelerating, and we had a very anomalous situation in 2020 that carries into 21. And that if you just sort of trend out that long-term line, it gets back on that line in 22. And thats really what we are saying. Its that simple.
Chris Winfrey: I dont think RDOF is going to be a significant contributor in 2022, just given the limited number of activated passings that will be there. So, I dont think about that as a material driver. I think about just the momentum and the ability to use mobile, which we have treated as an attribute to the broadband product as a way to continue to drive growth and to continue to improve retention on the broadband side.
Vijay Jayant: Okay. Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks Vijay and thanks to everyone for listening. James, I will pass it back to you.
Operator: This does conclude todays conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Charter Communications Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Call.  I'd now like to turn the call over to your speaker today, Stefan Anninger. Please go ahead.
Stefan Anninger: Good morning and welcome to Charter's fourth quarter 2020 investor call. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com, under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K filed this morning. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call. However, we encourage you to read them carefully.
Thomas Rutledge: Thank you, Stefan. 2020 was an unusual year, but it demonstrated and enhanced the strength of our business and we performed better than expected in a number of areas. The past year has also highlighted the importance of the services we provide and our robust network handled immediate conversion to a remote-based economy, enabling work from home, remote education and tele-health services. Over the last 10 months, our broadband infrastructure was tested and performed very well. That's because at Charter, we've spent over $35 billion on our network and infrastructure since the close of our transactions in 2016 and it showed up in our 2020 performance. For the full year 2020, we added 1.9 million new customer relationships for growth of 6.5% and we added 2.2 million new Internet customers for growth of 8.3%. We also performed well financially. We grew our adjusted EBITDA by 10% and our free cash flow by 53%. Our residential business performed particularly well with strength in Internet and we -- where we added 800,000 more customers than we did the prior year. We remain very optimistic about our opportunity to grow our Internet business given the quality and value of our product. Despite the outsized growth and some pull-forward of demand into 2020, which will drive continued benefits to our revenue and EBITDA going forward, our expectation and plan for 2021 is to revert to the trend we were on pre-COVID and meet or exceed the customer relationship and Internet net adds that we achieved in 2019. We believe our long-term broadband penetration and market position has actually been enhanced.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks, Tom. Due to significant timing impacts of COVID and the different quarterly reporting methodologies for COVID programs across the industry, our customer and financial results on a full-year basis is the better overview. So I'll give a brief readout of the fourth quarter and then I'll discuss our very good 2020 results, set up 2021 and where that leaves us in 2022. Looking at Slide 6, including Residential and SMB, we grew our Internet customers by 246,000 in the fourth quarter. Internet net adds were down 93,000 versus last year's fourth quarter because our first three quarters of this year were above last year's first three quarters by 900,000 net adds. For the full year, we grew our Internet customers by 2.2 million or by 8.3%, our highest ever on an absolute basis. The significant creation of new broadband customers and shifts from competitors to Charter earlier in the year plus lower market churn resulting in fewer selling opportunities, drove lower net adds in the fourth quarter when compared to last year. Trends have been improving more recently in subject to COVID and economic developments. We currently expect full-year 2021 customer relationship and Internet net adds to meet or exceed 2019. Residential and SMB video customers declined by 35,000 in the fourth quarter, but grew by 5 -- 56,000 or 0.3% for the full year. Voice customers declined by 103,000 in the quarter by 148,000 for the full year. Mobile line net adds grew by 315,000 during the quarter, more than last year's fourth quarter. Our yield on mobile sales opportunities continues to improve across our channels. The lower sequential net additions reflects the lower fourth quarter cable sales I just mentioned. So we're growing mobile nicely and we're not giving away free handsets to do it. For the full year, we added 1.3 million mobile lines and we believe we were the fastest growing mobile operator in our footprint during the fourth quarter and for the full year. Turning to Slide 7, fourth-quarter revenue increased by 7.3% year-over-year or 5.6% excluding political advertising. Full year revenue grew by 5.1% or 4.3% excluding political. Fourth quarter EBITDA, as shown on Slide 8, increased by 10.2% year-over-year and 9.9% for the full year. You'll notice in today's materials that were no longer isolating cable specific revenue, EBITDA and free cash flow metrics. But we will continue to isolate mobile revenue, expenses, working capital and CapEx for investors through 2021.
Operator:  And our first question comes from the line of Jonathan Chaplin with New Street. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thanks. Two quick questions if I may, Chris. First, you finished off by saying that 2022 could be the year you deliver the performance you expected in 2020. Can you remind us what you're anticipating in 2020 in terms of financial performance? And then, with the CBRS deployments kicking in, it sounds like from the pacing of CapEx that lot of the deployment will happen perhaps towards the end of 2020, how do you expect that to impact wireless margins -- sorry, the deployment happen towards the end of 2021, how do you expect that to impact wireless margins in 2022? What could the wireless margin for the -- the margin for the wireless business look like once the CBRS is fully deployed?
Chris Winfrey: So the first question was what we were expecting in 2020. Well, the trends were that we were expecting in 2020 were an acceleration of customer and Internet net add -- additions relative to 2019 and a political advertising year, which indeed we had, and the continued benefits of our service model driving lower transactions, increasing the underlying profitability of the services by providing great customer service, all of which actually happened at some to different degrees. But we had a tremendous amount of other unrelated noise that was in the system for 2020, some of which was difficult and put pressure on the financial, some of which was artificially good. And in 2021, what we will have is the reversal of many of those trends, good and bad. And so it's just going to create a whole bunch of noise inside of 2021, including the pressure around political advertising. And I think if you use the schedule that we've provided on 2019 and the previous disclosure we had around political advertising, there's a lot of detail there and it will require some work. But I think it puts everybody in a position to really understand how 2021 will develop. And then, when you get into 2022, you really won't have -- you shouldn't have -- depending how this year goes as I mentioned, you shouldn't have any of that noise, you should continue to have really good momentum in the marketplace. All of the underlying trends around cost to service remain, in fact it maybe even accelerated to COVID. We will have another political advertising year in 2022 and -- so, I don't want to get over our skis about looking that far out given what uncertainty is still in front of us. And -- but I think 2021 will still be a good year and I think 2022 will be the new -- even cleaner year, really demonstrate everything that's really happening behind the curtains at Charter and its multi-year operating model deployment. And the CBRS deployment in 2021, it's captured in what I talked about the mobile CapEx for this year. And it's just going to be pretty small, in line with what Tom mentioned, in terms of what we're looking to achieve this year. As it relates to 2022, as we scale the ROI based deployment of the radio access networks that are really just be based on the achievement of lower operating cost and we expect the paybacks on that to be relatively quick. But it will still be fairly de minimis in terms of its overall impact both on CapEx in the grand scheme of things as well as the wireless margins. And the pace of that rollout will really be dictated based on how quickly we can go and how quickly we can realize those type of returns. So it's a little early to outline that fully. I don't think it's going to have a material impact either way inside of 2021.
Thomas Rutledge: I would just add to that. The returns on CBRS deployment after 2021 really, obviously, will be specific to the demand utilization in the location where the radios are placed. And so to some -- in a complete sense, it's an opportunistic strategy, wherever our cost would be lower by investing in more CBRS radio deployment, our cost will go down in such a way that we'll get a return on investment. And I guess, just to sort of fill out Chris' response on trends, if you think about the long-run trend that we've been on of an accelerating growth rate in terms of a broadband growth, that trend is still in place and it exists for '19, '20, '21, and we think as well into 2022. And what's really happened as you got a lot of noise in the '20 and '21 P&Ls, but the net of all of it is, if you spread it out over a multi-year period, is that the trend continues, but we have 800,000 more Internet customers than we would have otherwise.
Stefan Anninger: Operator, we're ready for the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant with Evercore. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Vijay Jayant: Thanks. So, Chris, I just wanted to come back to broadband numbers. Obviously, your wireless attachment to broadband historically has been, I think, 70% to 90%. This quarter, it's like 145%. And I think you mentioned that churns you got was low, did 4Q see elevated churn in broadband tied to Keep America Connected? And how much of that 600,000, I think, cohort is still sort of in the system and needs to be sort of plans  out, any thoughts on that? And then, obviously your video subs in 2020 were pretty good and I think you've sort of used some of your flex on your carriage minimums on your lower-tier offer, can you just talk about, is that a trend we should continue to see in '21 or are we sort of saturated that opportunity given how much you've done on those lower-tier video? Thank you.
Thomas Rutledge: So Vijay, let me answer the trend question and the Keep American Connected and the REO effect and whether that's in or out of the system, I think that's the thrust of your question. I think the REO pulled demand forward from an acquisition point of view. And the Keep America Connected pulled reduced churn forward and therefore pushed net gain up forward. And if you think about the way churn works, if you have more disconnects, you have more connects to keep the same growth, just keep the same net adds. And so there is less net adds in the fourth quarter because those net adds were pulled forward by the Keep America Connected program and therefore there was less activity in the fourth quarter as a result of the normal way that churn interacts with sales. But as we look at '21 and look at how our sales have returned and we look at the behavior of our customers, we think that the effects of all of that are pretty much out of our numbers already. And we expect to return to a more normal kind of connect and disconnect rate and a more normal net adds rate that's consistent with the kinds of growth rates that we had in 2019. And we see that already in our performance so far through 2020 -- through the date of today in 2021.
Vijay Jayant: And then on video trend?
Thomas Rutledge: Oh, video. Yeah, I'm sorry. We had good results in video for two reasons. One, we had outsized growth in connectivity and as a result of that, by having market share shift to us from other video providers as they bought our broadband, we grew our video against a macro trend of declining multichannel video growth. And that macro trend hasn't gone away and I expect in general, video growth for the industry will continue to decline maybe at a moderate pace. And I don't think we'll have quite the Internet growth, that we had in 2020, in 2021. So I think that just that fact alone is going to put more pressure on our video growth going forward. But on the other hand, we've been able to grow with OTT products in smaller packages and we still have opportunities there and we're forecasting our internal growth in those areas to continue to accelerate and so the net of those two things is difficult to say, but I think we'll do better than the industry in general if you just look at multichannel video growth, whether that will be positive or negative I'm not sure.
Vijay Jayant: Got it.
Chris Winfrey: Vijay, I think you go back and take a look at what both Tom and I said, not just now in the Q&A, but also in the prepared remarks. But to just list them out in the Q4 impacts for broadband and relationships. One, we had some pull forward of sales that we've talked about earlier in the year. Two, there was less market churn that drives lower sales funnel, particularly for a share taker like us that has an impact. And three, the nuance that time was going through is that the Keep Americans Connected customers meant we kept those subs already in Q2 and Q3, which was helpful to our net adds, but the subs had -- might have turned around and reconnected in Q4 as a sale opportunity. We had already retained them to their stock and so they didn't turn into a quote-unquote sales or net add opportunity inside the fourth quarter. The last one is true but nuanced and those three reasons are the big drivers in what gives us confidence around us returning back to more like 2019.
Vijay Jayant: Great, thanks.
Stefan Anninger: Operator, we'll take our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Brett Feldman: Yeah, thanks. Just some points of clarification around just the answer you just gave before. It sounds like all of the churn that you might have experienced from Keep America Connected and other payment plans, were sort of addressed prior to the fourth quarter. So the first question is, was there any residual churn from that customer base in the fourth quarter or do you feel like you have just gotten to a normalized churn rate? And then, you talked about lower overall churn in the market, I was hoping to get your thoughts on that. Do you think this has to do with lockdowns or anything that was COVID related? And are you seeing so far this year, admittedly early in this year, evidence that market behavior is returning to normal? Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: So when we talk about the Keep Americans Connected churn and the Remote Education Offer, that tackle both of those at the same time. The Remote Education Offer, the retention of those customers very much look like normal acquisition. So that had been the case earlier in the year, that continue to be the case for Q4 and for all the obvious reasons, we've been tracking that very diligently. The Keep Americans Connected customers who -- where we wrote-off significant portions of their balance, put them back into a current state and they've been paying. And they've been retained as customers and they've been paying much better than we expected. They have a slightly higher non pay rate than your average customer base, you would expect that, because of where they came from. But it's actually really good and it's only a few percentage points difference of overall retention. So that was not a driver inside of Q4. And because we've been watching this payment trends release since July or August, when we started that program to reset the receivables, we don't see that raising its head now or in the future. So those are good customers, they always were. And I think we did the right thing to put them back into current receivable state. And the lower overall market churn and really the two big driver -- three drivers there. One is that because stimulus has been on and off, but overall people's account balances are high, they don't have places to spend money. And because of the importance of the services that we provide, we've been paid. And as our payment profile for customers is good, it's better than it's ever been. And that applies to probably anybody inside the broadband and probably video space right now. So non-pay disconnect for the marketplace is at record lows. Mover churn is down significantly. So there's not a lot of movers in the market now. And people are  to have people in their homes switching out their services. So general voluntary churn tends to be down across the market we believe as well. So that lower overall market churn drives less selling opportunities for a share taker like us, which has an impact on your ability to sell and to bring on new customers. We have started to see transaction activity start to return to normal is not, by any means, normal. And which is why I said, our outlook for 2021 on net adds and for Internet and customer relationships really is a full year outlook and I would not get too tied up at all as it relates to quarter-by-quarter comparisons. That's not what we're talking about. And the beginning of '21 will look more like 2020 in terms of customer activity and I think normalization takes place progressively over the course of the year.
Brett Feldman: Thank you for that color.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Brett. James, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Craig Moffett: Hi, thank you. Two questions if I could. First, I just want to step back from the broadband conversation for a moment. You've historically said that your preference is to keep prices low and to try to grow quickly particularly when the opportunity for this kind of breakneck growth of 2020 was available. Is there any consideration now that growth is returning to a more normal pace, that it might be time to perhaps be a little more reliant on price as most of the peers are in the industry and optimizing total revenue growth? And then second, if I could return to the conversation on CBRS small cells, maybe we can just think about it in terms of an objective for how much traffic you think you might be able to offload from the variablized MVNO traffic to what you could eventually put over, just the CBRS portion, not so much WiFi, but just the CBRS portion out of home?
Thomas Rutledge: Well, Craig, Tom here. We have had outsized growth and I don't think any broadband provider in America connected any -- has more net gain than Charter. So I think our strategy in terms of pricing and packaging has worked in terms of growth. And we deferred a rate that we had planned in 2021 actually because of the opportunity and because of the social circumstance and our obligation during that social circumstance. So we did do a data only rate increase in the fourth quarter of 2020 and our relative prices compared to our competitors and compared to our peers is still situationally gives us an opportunity to continue to grow rapidly. So we'll evaluate that through time, but we like the model we have and we think there's a lot of growth in front of us. With regard to CBRS and how much traffic we can unload, I think that's a through time kind of question I think over the long haul, meaning four, five years. It could be up to a third of our traffic that's current -- that would currently beyond an MVNO kind of basis. But again, that's not -- that's opportunistic, depends on traffic flows, depends on the quantity of flows and where they are and whether it pays for us to put out the capital to reduce those costs, but it is necessary. And if you think through our WiFi deployment as well, there is a mixture between Wi-Fi and CBRS in terms of offload and how that works. That's not that easy to forecast. But 80% of all mobile traffic today is on WiFi -- of mobile traffic -- mobile device traffic is on WiFi. And, as a result of that, we are the wireless connectivity company if you really think about it. We have 400 million wireless devices connected to our network. And CBRS is just a tool along with WiFi for us to improve that connectivity experience. And it's not -- as that happens, we've looked at CBRS strictly as an incremental opportunity from a return on investment point of view to move traffic onto our network, but it also does have the potential of increasing the consumers' experience in terms of their satisfaction because of the quality of that connection. And so that's sort of an unstated opportunity going forward, hard to quantify, but part of our strategy.
Craig Moffett: Makes sense.
Stefan Anninger: James, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Doug Mitchelson: Thank you so much. Couple of questions. I just wanted to follow the wireless threat here a little bit. Pretty interesting comments there, Tom and Chris said earlier, we're not giving away free phones to get a kick hit the wireless net adds. Is there a business model where at some point you makes sense to do so? I would think from an MVNO standpoint, just selling in -- just go into service in the new broadband subs, runs out of gas at some penetration level. It might last quite a while, it might be a profitable business for you. But is, I don't know, the updated MVNO with Verizon puts you in a position with different economics of offloading through your wireless traffic, puts you in different economics? Is there a point where you can get more aggressive going after customers relative to what the big peer doing? And then separately, I saw your marketing spend was up 1%, but the connects were down and you indicated the 4Q environment was still pretty light, if you could just talk about your marketing strategy and how that might evolve in 2021 that would be helpful. Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: I'd start off with the wireless business model as a standalone business model. We've always said, we don't think it's very good. And that includes the subsidy of handsets and something that we're not huge fans of if we can afford it. The real value to Charter is to increase the overall connectivity of the service we already provide today, the 80% of traffic -- mobile traffic that's already carried over our network and to extend our reach with Internet and our connectivity and have the opportunity to provide customers a broadband and a wireless connection -- a mobile connection at a cheaper price than they usually pay for in the household for just mobile alone. And that's a way for us to drive connectivity penetration. Today our goal is not to use -- we think there is so much value in the mobile and broadband combined offer that we have, there is not a need to go subsidize the handset. The handsets have a longer life now than they have in the past. So, we'd like to avoid that for all the obvious reasons. Does that mean over time that could evolve? It could, given the value that we create through that customer relationship, but it's not a focus for us. We don't think that in and of itself is a great business model. And the marketing and sales tied to the lower sales inside of the fourth quarter. Just because sales were lower, doesn't mean that we weren't trying to acquire more. And so we were active in the marketplace. We didn't pull back. And so we continue to spend a pretty similar amount of marketing and sales dollars despite the fact that we had lower connection side at the quarter.
Thomas Rutledge: We're still higher than quarter-over-quarter, kind of fourth quarter over last year's fourth quarter.
Chris Winfrey: Yes.
Doug Mitchelson: And is there anything new or different you would expect to do as the market normalizes in 2021 relative to your behavior in 2020 and other different channels or different prices? Or the model is working and it's steady as it goes?
Thomas Rutledge: It's working very nicely for us. Our sales yield, as we look at it, which is the amount of sales that we make per available transaction, continues to improve and our whole opportunity structure around selling mobile connections continues to improve. We have -- even during the pandemic, we managed to build 180 new stores in 2020 and we expect to finish off our store construction in '21. So we'll have a fully deployed walk-in retail environment, which is not yet fully realized. So we would expect that would have an impact on our growth rate in 2021 in a positive way. Our yield, meaning the amount of mobile connections that we sell as a percentage of every person who enters one of our stores, continues to go up. And the same is true of every phone call we receive through our call centers. And as a result of that, we're pretty optimistic about our ability to continue to grow the business the way it's currently structured inside of our pricing and marketing machine.
Doug Mitchelson: Last one, how many stores that in 2021 are left to build?
Thomas Rutledge: I'm not sure, but I think we end up with 750.
Chris Winfrey: I think it's couple hundred -- 180, 200, that's my recollection.
Doug Mitchelson: Thank you all so much.
Stefan Anninger: James, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick with JPMorgan. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Philip Cusick: Hey guys, thanks. I understand you're still restricted on RDOF, but you called out the extensions to rural markets in your penetration -- or in your presentation. Can you confirm that the steady CapEx intensity guide includes anything you might do in rural? And should we expect to see a step change in line extension CapEx as you push harder on those new home build-outs, both brownfield and greenfield? And then any change we should expect next year as rural maybe becomes more important?
Chris Winfrey: So, Phil, the capital intensity outlook that I gave did not -- on one hand did not include any incremental amount for RDOF. On the other hand, I'm not sure given the amount of planning work and we're  going to need to stand up this year, I don't know that it's going to be that material this year anyway would be at the back end of this year. As you look out -- and generally, our core cable capital intensity is continuing to decline. There is pushes between different years in 2020. We delayed certain network projects to be able to accommodate the significant amount of scalable infrastructure spend to accommodate the significant traffic increase. And to some extent, in 2021, we're addressing those projects that were delayed out of 2020 and continuing because of the high traffic demand to spend more an outsized amount on node splitting and different traffic capacity expenditure in '21 that we would normally expect. So, there will be overtime things like RDOF or CBRS deployment or a different levels of DOCSIS 3.1 or DOCSIS 4.0 deployment that may knock us temporarily off our track. But the reality is core cable capital intensity is a percentage of revenue. The trend is on the decline and nothing is really changed. And to the extent that we have RDOF spend or CBRS spend, we're going to isolate that for the market to be able to have clear visibility as to not only what we're spending, but what we think we're getting out of those projects as well.
Philip Cusick: Thanks, Chris.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Phil. James, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks, good morning. Tom, I wanted to come back to your comments on video in '21 and I guess beyond. I think you talked about -- I think it was either you or Chris talking about streaming apps on WorldBox and sort of accelerating those trends. What is -- how would you describe your video strategy sitting here today? Any sense of how big the WorldBox kind of installed basis? And is this a strategy that could be relevant for broadband-only customers over time?
Thomas Rutledge: Yes. The answer is yes. It can be. So our video strategy is to continue, obviously, to sell the products that we have historically sold and to sell them with a reasonable margin attached to them and to make money with them, but to also include them as part of our overall connectivity relationship with our customer base in a way that allows us to satisfy the needs of as many customers as possible as a result of our network. And that includes the addition of new video tiers or products that may be skinnier or differentiated or targeted in a way that they create customer satisfaction at reasonable price because of the long-run price trend of the core video product continues to be negative, meaning it is -- programming cost continue to go up. And that's obviously creating a lot of the friction in the marketplace and the decline of that business. We also think that we want to have a transactional marketplace on a consumer-friendly interface, so that a customer of ours have access to all the products they may want to buy that are direct to consumer. And there is an opportunity for us in that as well to be sellers of that and to operate a store -- a consignment store and to create value for us and customers through that mechanism. WorldBox is deployed, I'm not sure what the full count is of --
Chris Winfrey: Several  million.
Thomas Rutledge: Yeah, it's millions -- multiple millions of households. And those WorldBox's deployed and those on the increment have an app store in them -- or an app section in them now where we can place the products that people want to get on the same set-top box as our traditional cable TV services. And in addition to that, we have the opportunity to offer an app-based platform to our data only customers. And we haven't offered that IP only app product, although we've opened up some of our video products through apps to our Internet only customer base like our news channels for instance. So that opportunity is in front of us as well. And -- but ultimately, I expect that all of our customers will have opportunities to transact with us in a video marketplace.
Ben Swinburne: Got it. Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Ben. James, we'll take our last question, please.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Bryan Kraft: Hi, good morning. Chris, I wanted to ask you, how are you now thinking about where you want to be ideally within your target leverage range and unrelated topic? Would you expect the pace of share repurchases to be similar, more or less in '21 versus '20? And then lastly, if the corporate tax rate does increase back to 28% for the 2022 tax year and beyond, would that change the way you think about the target leverage ratio? Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: So, Bryan, the target leverage range, we're comfortable in the 4 to 4.5 times. We've been at the high end of that range on a consolidated basis and declining in that range on a cable only basis depending on how you want to look at it, you can pick which one you think is more relevant. But we're comfortable inside the range. We don't have any plans to change that target leverage range. That would include us the tax rate next year where to go up. We've been in that tax rate before, admittedly within well , which will be expiring. But given the strength of cash flow -- subscriber growth and cash flow and the business performance and the sustainability of not only the operating model, but the balance sheet structure that we have, it's pretty unique. I don't see any reason at this stage, as we sit here today, that we would be changing our target leverage range. On buybacks, we never give guidance and the reason for that is to make sure that management and the Board were not in a position where we feel like we're going to be handcuffed based on previous comments in terms of creating shareholder value. And so we want to retain flexibility as it relates to investing in high ROI projects inside the business, first-quarter  call, doing attractive M&A. And to the extent that we don't have somebody else's stock to buy that's better than buying our own stock or do buybacks, which is what we've been doing in the past several years in addition to launching some really high ROI projects and spending on those where they're available. Right now, I don't see any massive change to what we're doing as it relates to our overall capital structure or buybacks, but I'm not going to sit here and give an outlook or guidance as it relates to buybacks for the year for all those reasons.
Bryan Kraft: Okay. Thank you for the clarification. Thanks.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks, Bryan.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Bryan. And thanks, everyone. That concludes our call.
Chris Winfrey: Thank you, everyone.
Thomas Rutledge: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Charters Third Quarter 2020 Investors Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Stefan Anninger. Please go ahead, sir.
Stefan Anninger: Good morning and welcome to Charters third quarter 2020 investor call. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.Charter.com, under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K and our 10-Q filed this morning. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call. However, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect managements current view only, and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements or to make additional forward-looking statements in the future. During the course of todays call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures, as defined by Charter, may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. Please also note that all growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise specified. On todays call, we have Tom Rutledge, Chairman and CEO; and Chris Winfrey, our CFO. With that, lets turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Rutledge: Thank you, Stefan. Despite the significant challenges that COVID-19 has posed, weve been able to operate our business throughout the pandemic. Early in the pandemic, we offered our customers a set of programs, including our Remote Education Offer, and Keep America Connected Pledge that supported customers needs, resulting in a significantly higher number of customers enjoying our services. In addition, we opened our WiFi hotspots across our footprint for public use, opened up our Spectrum News websites to ensure people have access to high-quality local news and information, rapidly connected and upgraded fiber services to healthcare providers and donated significant airtime to run public service announcements to our full footprint of 16 million video subscribers. Our employees were given additional paid sick time for COVID-related illnesses and a flex time program to address other COVID issues. We also increased our wage for all hourly field operations and customer service call center employees by a $1.50 an hour, and we remain on path to a $20 minimum wage by 2022. Our ability to operate for our customers and communities, despite the challenging environment is a testament to the quality of our in-sourced and onshore workforce, our safety precautions, and in many cases, our ability to operate remotely. Our ads -- our sales and care agents have continued to sell our products and to provide outstanding service to our customers. Most of our stores have been able to remain open throughout the pandemic, serving customers need. Our field operations personnel have handled professional installations and repairs, have continued their work in the field, servicing customers in their homes and maintaining the quality of our physical plant. Our plant construction has continued and weve actually seen plant miles and passings increase more this year than last. And our product development team has continued to develop and roll out various product improvements, including updates, enhancements to our video, internet and mobile products. Our ability to continue to operate well under the circumstances is also the result of investments weve made in various parts of our business over the last several years, including our investments in systems integrations and automation, our self-installation program, which ran at over 80% of installations during the quarter, our online and digital sales and self-service platforms, and our network including DOCSIS 3.1, which provides ample bandwidth to withstand surge in use with residential data usage for internet-only customers remaining at an elevated 600 gigabytes per month during the third quarter. Our operating and investment strategy has allowed us to sustain and accelerate our customer and financial growth. During the quarter, we added 537,000 residential and small business internet customers versus 380,000 in the prior year quarter. In the past 12 months, weve added 2.3 million internet customers and 2 million overall customer relationships. Were growing well and gaining share against all our competitors in all of our markets, regardless of competitive infrastructure. In the third quarter, we grew our mobile lines by 363,000, 87,000 more than in the third quarter of last year and continued acceleration from last quarter. We recently purchased 210 CBRS priority access licenses in 106 counties across all our key DMAs for just over $460 million. Over a multi-year period, well execute on our inside-out strategy with small cells attached to our existing network, using unlicensed, and now our licensed spectrum, based on the disciplined return-on-investment approach, consistent with our goal of reducing mobile operating costs. Turning to the third quarter financials. We grew consolidated EBITDA by over 13%, and our third quarter free cash flow grew by nearly 40% year-over-year. Looking forward and subject to what happens with the virus, unemployment stimulus, we expect our broadband and mobile products to continue to drive demand and churn and growth to return to pre-pandemic levels. SMB has actually performed better than we expected. And our ability to grow will also be partly tied to the economy. In enterprise, retail sales activity is picking back up, despite limited onsite access, and those new sales getting installed in the coming -- as those new sales get installed in the coming months, we expect enterprise revenue growth to pick back up. Our advertising business is improving, and our core ad business excluding political is about 90% back to normal in part because of the amount of sporting events that are now airing. So, core ad sales are improving, and we still expect political advertising to be meaningfully contribute -- a meaningful contributor in the fourth quarter. To maintain that growth, well continue to invest in our networks, so that we can continue to offer new and better products than our competitors. In the coming years, we expect data usage per customer to continue to grow, and were prepared to deliver more throughput across our network. The growth in demand for data is and will be driven by a number of factors, including the growth of IP video services, including video conferencing and gaming, also the number of growing IP devices connected to our network, which is nearing 400 million devices. And new and emerging products and services are being developed as we speak, such as e-learning or telemedicine and 4K, virtual reality or holographic formats for example. Were continuously increasing the capacity in our core and hubs, and augmenting the network to improve speeds and performance. In the near-term, however, we have a large opportunity to improve throughput and latency by continuing to use already deployed DOCSIS 3.1 technology, which still has a long runway. And additional bandwidth tools available to us today include the conversion of the distribution network to DOCSIS 3.1 delivery for all products including video broadband and telephony. By allocating more plant spectrum to DOCSIS 3.1 IP services, we have the ability to offer symmetrical gigabit-plus speeds. Well also continue to invest in DOCSIS 4.0 with key vendors in the rest of the industry for even greater capacity and functionality. The DOCSIS 4.0 specification allows for multiple paths through each 10-gig and higher speeds, including Full Duplex DOCSIS Extended Spectrum DOCSIS, Both 3.1 and 4.0 DOCSIS can be deployed in an economically efficient way as the market dictates. Our network evolution strategy allows us to offer superior connectivity products to meet changing consumer demand and extend our growth strategy and drive free cash flow. Before turning the call over to Chris, Id once again like to thank Charters employees for their hard work, dedication and diligence throughout the pandemic. Theyve been asked to go above and beyond their regular duties, and they have delivered. Now, Ill turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Winfrey : Thanks, Tom. Turning to customer results on slide five of our presentation. We grew total residential and SMB customer relationships by approximately 2 million over the last 12 months or by 6.8%, and by 457,000 in the third quarter. Including residential and SMB, we grew our internet customers by 537,000 in the quarter and by 2.3 million or 8.8% over the last 12 months. Video grew by 67,000 in the quarter, better than last years third quarter decline of 75,000 video customers. The positive performance was driven by churn benefits, particularly when bundled with broadband. And similarly, wireline voice declines by only 25,000 compared to a loss of 190,000 in the prior year quarter. Mobile line net adds accelerated again to the 363,000 in the quarter. To put what is already a strong third quarter subscriber results into perspective, remember that our Q2 results of 755,000 customer relationship net adds and 850,000 internet net adds already included the benefit of our COVID programs. And our third quarter results reflect any churn out of those programs. Our year-to-date customer growth, shown on slide 6, remains the right metric for industry comparability, given different reporting. So, in the third quarter, we saw excellent retention rates for our Remote Education Offer. Churn has been similar to regular new customer acquisition churn. We re-launched the program very late in September with de minimis impact on our third quarter internet net adds. Going forward, we expect the acquisition volume of this offer to be significantly lower than the original program. And given the high retention rate of customers added during the first half of this year, we wont be breaking out this offer separately. Our Keep Americans Connected program completed in late June and we saw a good retention of those customers in the third quarter. In the second quarter, we put approximately 200,000 customers that were past normal disconnection back into current status through a write-off of their debt. And so far, the vast majority are paying with minimal difference to normal customers. So, the retention has been much better than our expectations. The development of customers ability to pay generally through employment or subsidies remains the key driver for our short-term residential outlook. As I mentioned last quarter, our customer growth performance should be measured by our full-year performance, rather than a particular quarter. As the third quarter progressed, we could already see the market return into more normal turn activity and net add levels, and we expect that to be the case in Q4. Turning to the financials on slide 7. As we expected, there continued to be moving parts due to COVID, and Ill reference some of those items, which weve again laid out on slide 9 of todays presentation with full year summary on slide 19. Residential revenue grew by 4% in the quarter, primarily driven by accelerating relationship growth and similar PSU bundle and video mix trends weve seen over several quarters. The 6.9% customer relationship growth in residential was partially offset by a $218 million one-time adjustment for estimated sports network rebates that we intend to credit to video customers. Due to accounting treatment, which Ill cover in a moment, not all of that rebate estimate was offset in the current period expense. SMB revenue grew by 1.5%. And while revenue growth was slow this quarter, due to the first half volume and SMB customers that remain on our seasonal plan, our customer growth has accelerated, despite a still tough economic climate for small and medium business. Spectrum enterprise revenue declined by 4.3% year-over-year, driven by the sale of Navisite in the prior year period and the continued pressure from the wholesale side of the business. While the comparability issue for Navisite goes away after Q3, wholesale, in particular cell tower backhaul, has been challenged and probably continues that way until late next year, based on current activity. Retail enterprise, which is the vast majority of our enterprise revenue is growing around 6%, driven more by pre-COVID sales than the last six months performance. As Tom mentioned, enterprise sales activity has now picked back up, despite limited onsite access. As those new sales get installed in the subsequent months, we expect enterprise revenue growth can recover and begin to accelerate next year. Spectrum Reach third quarter advertising revenue increased by 17%, primarily driven by political. Excluding political, core ad revenue was down by about 10%, which is reflected on slide 9s COVID impacts. So, our core, very much tied to the economy, is coming back and was significantly better than the second quarter with or without the recent heavy sports burn. Obviously, we expect the fourth quarter to benefit from political as well. Mobile revenue totaled $368 million, with $172 million of that being device revenue. In total, consolidated third quarter revenue was up 5.1% year-over-year. Moving to operating expenses on slide 8. In the third quarter, total operating expense grew by $36 million or 0.5% year-over-year. Cable operating expenses, excluding mobile, declined by 1.2% year-over-year or 0.8%, excluding Navisite, with a number of COVID-related items outlined on slide 9. Programming decreased 2.3% year-over-year, reflecting the same rate, volume and mix considerations that weve seen in prior quarters. And this quarter includes a $163 million benefit related to sports networks rebates. The difference between the $218 million estimated credit to video customers, which lowered revenue and the $163 million programming benefit, relates to an expected reduction in sports rights content cost, which is recognized in the produced content line over the remaining life to contract, similar to the delayed expense recognition in Q2, when games were canceled. From a cash perspective, however, we will provide our customers a bill credit for the rebates received from the sports program networks when those details are finalized. Regulatory, connectivity and produced content expenses were essentially flat year-over-year, and were comprised of lower regulatory and franchise fees, offset by higher video CPE sold to customers and higher sports rights costs. Costs to service customers increased by 0.4% year-over-year with meaningful productivity improvement, lower bad debt, and higher wages and benefits as drivers. Bad debt expense was down year-over-year, given surprisingly, probably our best ever payment and collection trends. Excluding bad debt from both years, cost to service customers was up 7.5% year-over-year in the third quarter, primarily driven by 6.8% customer relationship growth, the hourly wage increase we instituted earlier in the year, COVID flex time and the timing of medical benefits costs. On slide 9 of todays presentation weve isolated the temporary bad debt benefit as customers paid better than usual and the labor costs increase from an acceleration in frontline wage increases and benefits timing. I expect continued non-recurring puts and takes on this line item for a few more quarters. Over time costs to service customers should have gain to grow at a slower rate than customer relationship growth due to lower transaction volume and higher self-service trends, despite the step up in minimum wages. General marketing and sales expenses declined by 0.7% year-over-year as our unit growth did benefit significantly from lower churn. Other expense declined by 2.5% year-over-year, primarily due to Navisite cost in the prior year period. And mobile expenses totaled $456 million, and they were comprised of mobile device cost tied to device revenue, customer acquisition and MVNO usage costs, and operating expense. Mobile EBITDA is still negative because of customer growth cost, but by much less, despite the higher growth. Another way of describing that trend is that we have now crossed 2 million lines and our mobile service revenue now exceeds all regular operating costs, excluding acquisition and growth-related mobile costs. In total, we grew adjusted EBITDA by 13.6% in the quarter when including our mobile EBITDA loss of $88 million. Cable adjusted EBITDA grew by 11.7%. We generated $814 million in net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the third quarter and capital expenditures totaled $2 billion in the third quarter. Our third quarter capital expenditure shows weve continued to invest to support current and future growth. We invested significantly in continued capacity upgrades at the national and local levels to stay ahead of higher data usage. We have not slowed down on new build, including construction in rural areas. We continue to purchase significant DOCSIS 3.1 modems for new connects and swaps, as well as the high attach rate for advanced in-home WiFi service. We also continue to invest in facility improvements, back office systems and mobile store build-outs. For the full year 2020, we still expect cable capital expenditures as a percentage of revenue to decline year-over-year, but maybe only slightly due to the significant customer growth and related CPE and capacity investment. We generated $1.8 billion of consolidated free cash flow in the third quarter and excluding our investment in mobile, we generated $2 billion of cable free cash flow, up about $500 million versus last years third quarter. Currently, we dont expect to be a meaningful federal taxpayer until 2022. We finished the quarter with $1.3 billion of cash and $4.7 billion of availability under our revolver. As of the end of the third quarter, our net debt to last 12-month adjusted EBITDA was 4.3 times or 4.2 times, if you look at cable only. Earlier this month, we issued $1.5 billion of 12-year high-yield notes at a yield of roughly 4%. Pro forma for our recent financing activities, our current run rate annualized cash interest is $3.8 billion, and we remain comfortable in the middle to high end of our target leverage range of 4 to 4.5 times. During the quarter, we repurchased 6.1 million Charter shares in Charter Holdings common units, totaling about $3.6 billion at an average price of $592 per share. We will always evaluate the best use of our capital to generate long-term returns for shareholders, be it organic investments, such as our launch of mobile or network edge-outs, accretive M&A, or purchasing of our own shares and probably in that order. The prioritization of organic investments is because there is high demand for our products across every part of our footprint, which is why we continue to aggressively build out more broadband passings and ensure that our network is well-invested, ready and working for future opportunities. As the environment continues to evolve, our goal is to stay focused on what we do well and to execute a proven operating strategy that works for customers and employees to create shareholder value. Operator, were now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of John Hodulik from UBS.
John Hodulik: Okay. Thanks, guys. A couple of questions about broadband. I cant help but notice that you guys talked about the fact that youre competing well, really regardless of the infrastructure that youre going against. Obviously, strong numbers across the board for the industry in terms of broadband net adds. Can you talk about how youre competing against fiber competitors and sort of market flow share, if you could cite some numbers there? And then, the other number that stuck out to me was the 600 gigabytes of usage and the continued growth there. It looks like maybe were a couple of years away from a terabyte on average for broadband-only customers. Tom, how does that affect competition, as you look out over the next few years, I think, specifically against fixed wireless access? Does it make it more difficult for fixed wireless to be a true competitor to sort of wire and cable service? Thanks.
Tom Rutledge: Well, John, how do we compete with -- we have -- its not just the products, but the products do matter, and its obviously what youre selling as a product, how much capacity, how much speed, how much throughput, what the reliability is, but also how well you service it and how efficient you are at delivering the product. And so, were competitive with the infrastructure that we have against all of the various competitive infrastructures we go against, fiber, fixed wireless, satellite and copper-based high-capacity networks. And so, our network is highly capable. Its easy to augment from a capital investment point of view. Its very efficient to augment. And we keep our product sets and our service sets better than our competitors, and we prevail in most -- almost everywhere we operate. How do I think about that going forward with fixed wireless? I think that all of the various opportunities for competition require significant capital investment by our competitors. And I think, our network sets up better from a capital investment perspective, going forward, so that we can provide more capacity and more capability at lower costs than our competitors. So, its a very competitive environment. Theres a lot of different ways of making the competition work. But, I think, our network has superior capabilities to properly manage.
Chris Winfrey: John, Id just add. I kind of went out of my way in my prepared remarks to say if you want to compare against some of that competition, you really need to take a look because of the moving parts throughout the different quarters. You need to look at the year-to-date results and compare that in terms of whats Charter doing in front of competition. Tom mentioned, we have competition essentially everywhere we operate weve had that. Its not new. But, were performing very well. And if you take a look at our Q3 year-to-date results, I think, thats probably the most indicative way to really look at it and think about the performance.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. Good morning. Picking up a little bit on the same themes that John asked about, I wanted to ask, Tom, about the network evolution you discussed going to IP video. Just so I understand, are you taking down MPEG across the system? And is that something that requires a swapping out of boxes? Just what are the capital business implications of moving video over to IP on 3.1? Obviously, that seems like a big transition from historical approach. And then, again, just going back to the broadband results this year across the industry, it seems like weve pulled forward penetration in broadband in the United States. If we just look at the year-to-date growth, its an unbelievably strong year across the industry. So, Im just wondering, I dont know, Chris, if you want to take this one, but just thinking about lapping this year, next year and thinking about the quality of the customers you brought on. I know youve seen good churn stats so far. But, should we be thinking about this pull forward having maybe lapping this next year and next year is going to be a below average year? I dont know if you have any thoughts on sort of where we go from here as we come out of COVID, which is obviously just pulled all this growth into 2020. Thank you, both.
Tom Rutledge: Okay, Ben. So, how does the network work? Right now, we actually run three -- actually more than three, but three major networks inside of one physical infrastructure. So, we have DOCSIS 3.1, which is a -- which we use capacity to deliver IP-based services to specific modems households and customers. We also have a DOCSIS 3.0 infrastructure inside of our network, and we have a QAM-based video infrastructure. Most of the network is still dedicated by QAM-based video, the traditional cable TV service, and delivered to consumers that way. So, you can actually -- and today, we have multiple ways of delivering video to our customers and other services. And we have 10 million app-based streaming products -- devices connected to our network where the customer has downloaded an app, and were feeding that approximately -- our app, with a full bundle of video packages, and the consumer brings their own device. We also have a significant distribution of QAM-based traditional cable TV services. And we are planning on mixing the two together in the same device. And we do -- for instance, we have Netflix on our set-top boxes in a device we provide, but its actually being delivered through a different path to the box. So, the box will look at video from the traditional cable TV path, and well also look at the new IP paths and combine them together in a seamless experience for the customer. So, we have the ability to manage CPE and customers through time and manage the way we use our network in an efficient way to provide a full range of services. And with regard to MPEG, even if we deliver IP video, well -- as we do, we still use MPEG to do it. Thats the digital format of videos in. And there is an opportunity through compression going from MPEG-2, which is still widely distributed by us to MPEG-4. And theres opportunity through the addition of products to what we call switch to video, which can be either IP or MPEG, traditional QAM-based MPEG. And we can manage how much is switched, how much is an MPEG 2, how much is in QAM, how much is in DOCSIS 3.0 and how much is in DOCSIS 3.1 and actually run all of that at the same time. So, we have a lot of room. And, I think the key takeaway is that traditional video is still the largest single -- its more than half the capacity of the infrastructure.
Ben Swinburne: Yes. But, you dont need to replace boxes in order to move that network?
Chris Winfrey: No, no.
Tom Rutledge: Okay. Thats the key point. Yes, got it.
Chris Winfrey: And on your broadband question, Ill take a crack at it, and Tom may want to add more to it. The industry has grown at a faster pace. And weve taken a higher amount of share across all areas of our footprint and infrastructures, as Tom mentioned. Where youre seeing that come from is broadband nevers and also the acceleration of mobile-only in addition to the significant share shift that were seeing is cable generally. I dont think, whether that was a pull forward or not, I dont know. But, it doesnt go backwards. I think, the demonstration -- the need for the product is there. I dont think it goes away. I think, its a permanent, either shift or trend of reducing the mobile-only and requiring more broadband in the household. What I think we are seeing already, and I mentioned in the prepared remarks is late in Q3, you could already start to see the market move to more normal transaction activity. And that includes both, churn and sales. We think thats indicative where Q4 is probably heading. And I think, probably for next year as well, youll have higher levels of mover churn and market churn. And as a result, you have higher sales, as that moves through. And I think, next year right now, probably looks more like a normal year as opposed to 2020.
Tom Rutledge: The other thing I would add just in terms of longer run trends, yes, COVID had some impact on broadband adoption, but so does the change in the video business thats going on rapidly. And as more and more people are using IP-connected devices to bring video services that traditionally would have been delivered either over the air or by cable. That increases overall demand for broadband in the home. And I think, that also is simultaneously going on. So, you have a sort of overall demand change as a result of whats really going on in video. And so, I dont know that it changes adoption rates so much going forward. But, as it just shifted the entire amount of people that would be interested in having in-home broadband service, which kind of ties into Johns question about the suitability of wireless access over time, when you have that kind of throughput going through. I agree.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich from Bank of America.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. So, even with the increase in broadband demand, which is quite evident, you posted video net adds for the second quarter in a row, significantly bucking industry trends. So, first, have trends in fourth quarter indicated that you can continue those trends, or was it COVID-related, the pulse rate that you were talking about? And second, what specifically about your offering do you believe consumers are responding to? And then, just as a second topic. Tom, just to follow-up on your advertising comments. You said that the core underlying advertising is 90% back to normal. What do you think the drivers there? Because it still seems that local businesses are struggling. So, what are you doing differently, or what metrics you do -- what data are you using thats different?
Tom Rutledge: Well, if you look at our overall connectivity growth as Charter versus the industry, we have higher and faster connectivity growth, generally speaking, to the industry. And as a result of that, were pulling through video with that growth. If you just think about overall video penetration, as a percentage of households and you think about changing households over to your network, youre going to pull through a certain percentage of video. And if you grow fast enough, youll grow video, as a result of that. And we said that in the last call in terms of why we think our video growth is positive. We dont think that the overall video marketplace has changed, meaning we still think fat bundles is a very expensive video or under pressure and will continue to be. And so, youre going to have continued erosion of that bundle we think through time. But,, were just growing faster than that erosion. With regard to ad sales, Ill let Chris answer that. But, I want to say one thing about local businesses. They are under duress. But, our SMB growth rate is higher this year than it was last year in the third quarter. And so, were actually seeing a lot of -- yes, theres a lot of damage out there, but theres also a lot of reinvention and a lot of new business formation at the very small business level, and were taking advantage of that.
Chris Winfrey: Jessica, the Spectrum Reach, which is our advertising group, as you mentioned, is back to 90% of prior year on the non-political, except the local advertising. From what Ive seen so far, most of our peers are reporting kind of a similar range of their core advertising being back. And so, I dont think were that unique. I think, for the industry, some of that benefit was the lack of advertising in Q2 and people wanted to get back into the market. Some of that was tied to -- a lot of that was tied to what Tom said is the SMB space is behaving well for us on the business side. But also the sports timing in the third quarter, you had a doubling or in some cases tripling of sports activity inside of the third quarter related to a lot of the delayed seasons for the different sports. And that was encapsulated inside of Q3. So, that admittedly helped. From a Charter-specific perspective, we have New York City and L.A., and theyve been more locked down than other markets. So, from an economic perspective, we have a slight drag or delay in that returning relative to others. But, if you really step back, despite the overall market having negative video trends and everything thats said about the traditional advertising space, we have a good runway for growth in front of us because of our ability to monetize the long tail of the inventory by tools that weve developed to really drive impression-based viewing measurement and to be able to sell our product, our advertising product on that basis. So, traditional channels that werent able to be monetized are now able to be monetized and packaged in a really different way and sold it at a different price, together with addressability and a lot of the additional interactive advertising features that youre well aware of that weve been adding to the portfolio. So, even in an environment where video is slightly declining, I think, absent a pandemic, we have the ability to grow our core advertising in political and non-political years alike. And so, that business is -- outside of the pandemic, that business is actually in very good shape.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Chaplin with New Street.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thanks, guys. Two quick ones. So, Chris, you mentioned that next year would be a more normal broadband year. But, youve been accelerating broadband subs ever since the Time Warner Cable acquisition. What do you think of as a normal broadband subscriber growth here? Is that sort of 6% year-over-year growth? And then on
Chris Winfrey: We love you, Jonathan. Next question?
Jonathan Chaplin: I still expect an answer to the question though, Chris. And then, on EBITDA growth, the contribution from wireless this quarter was awesome. And I assume that just continues -- the losses continue to recede and that will be a propellant for EBITDA next year as well. Do you have a sense of what that could contribute to year-over-year growth for EBITDA next year?
Chris Winfrey: So, on both of those, kind of bit of guidance questions, which isnt what we do. The honest answer to your first question is we dont know. And we see trends reverting back to normal, which would mean more normalized growth. Does that mean more like 2019? Does that mean continued acceleration somewhere? Yes, I guess, is the answer to both of those questions, I dont know. But, I think, its going to be good, either way. And so, were really positive on the outlook for broadband. Obviously, as we look further out to the extent that were doing rural build and expanding our footprint to the extent that mobile really has a significant impact both at acquisition as well as churn, to the extent that theres additional mobile substitution that declines for all the reasons that we talked about before, all of those things would be positive relative to our normal growth rate. And so, we need to see how all that develops. On the wireless side, to your point, you can look at it a few different ways. You can take a look at our losses per mobile line, which is doing very well. You can think about it in terms of what I said before is that once we got to 2 million lines, which we crossed over inside this quarter, that its now an incrementally positive business, but for the subscriber acquisition cost. So, its already EBITDA positive if we decided to stop growing, which of course, we wont do. So, the answer to your question is, yes, its going to continue to get better. But, the amount that it continues to get better in terms of its contribution to Our EBITDA performance really depends on the growth rate of wireless and that subscriber acquisition cost. The faster you grow, the more youre going to spend. And were going to try to grow as fast as we can. So, it depends on growth.
Tom Rutledge: The other quick way to think about mobile is, yes, its EBITDA positive going forward, and its -- and as its currently priced. But, if you grow mobile rapidly as we are, youll grow your broadband rapidly too.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kannan Venkateshwar from Barclays.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Thank you. Chris, I guess, a couple for you. The first is on the gross addition front, I mean, obviously, the gross adds have been really strong this year, and many of them have come in at a lower price. And in general, gross additions come in at a lower price. So, when you look at ARPU next year, it should be stronger than normal because of the cohort shift this year and the bigger volume of growth additions. So, I just wanted to understand if thats the right way to think about it, or if there are other things that offset that benefit? And then, secondly, in terms of home passing, you guys have been I think growing at more than 2% this year, which is higher than household formation and higher than most others in the industry. If you could give us some sense of the attach rates for these newer homes passed versus your existing base to give us a sense of what the mix of these newer homes looks like, that would be useful. Thanks.
Chris Winfrey: So, I think the answer to your first question on gross additions is its going to be a little bit of a mixed bag. Q2 of this year definitely had higher gross additions for all the reasons that we talked about inside of Q2. Q3 did not. As I mentioned, the activity levels dropped significantly, both on -- particularly related to churn, which also has the impact of reducing sales across the entire market because you have less flow. And so, inside the third quarter, one of the reasons our marketing and sales cost was so low, despite the significant growth that we had, was tied to that very fact. So, I think youre going to see a mixed bag inside of next year as it relates to ARPU impacts from promotional pricing roll off. On top of that, I would argue that the biggest driver of our ARPU development really is less about the individual PSU pricing at roll off and it ties much more to the amount of single play sell-in. And so, thats the biggest driver thats going on together with the video to tier mix. So, when you think about our success in selling spectrum stream and choice and essentials products, has a bigger impact than the mix that you were referring to. On the homes passed, when we do new construction to patents is what we call brownfield or greenfield, but we have pretty steady penetration curves over each vintage, if you want to call it that, of what were building. And thats what gives us a lot of confidence to go do more of it because we can see at a high level of consistency in terms of our ability to get to very-high terminal penetrations when we build into markets. And so, thats what gives us confidence in our ability to go extend that investment concept. I dont know if thats helpful in answering the question, but we like the penetration, the speed and the curve of the penetration that were getting in these new passings.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson.
Craig Moffett: Thank you. Two questions, if I could. First, if I could just stay with what you were just talking about, with the adoption curves in new markets. Can you share with us how much of this quarters growth came from newly passed homes or is it homes passed within last 24 months or so, just to get a sense of where were seeing penetration of newly opened markets versus where were seeing increases in penetration of mature markets? And then, separately, just given how promotional the wireless market has become in the last few months -- or the last month or so in the wake of the iPhone launch, how does that affect your thinking about your own promotional stance in customer acquisition for wireless? And, how should we think about what cost that might fare for the fourth quarter?
Chris Winfrey: So, Craig, why dont I take the first one and Tom could grab the second. I dont have the number in front of me, but its not the material driver for our net additions, the new passings construction. Its been relatively small when you consider that compared to our 52 million passings overall. Its helpful, but its not the material driver of our growth. A simple way to think about it is, if you think about greenfield new construction anywhere historically, past couple of years, has been 500,000 to 600,000 homes. And so, that gives you what you would need to go model and say apply an adoption curve to that number of passings and you can get to a number. And what youd see is its meaningful but its not material to our overall internet net additions growth rate.
Tom Rutledge: Yes. Id say, its meaningful, but not material. Yes. I agree with that. Promotional, our basic proposition when you think about wireless is that we can save consumers a lot of money. And if you look at the average wireless bill most households are paying, they can connect to us and buy the right package from us and save a significant amount of household spend, telecom spend, and reallocate that to us. Thats our primary objective. And we dont -- we have the ability to switch customers over who already have a wireless account to our product. And, were not driven by new hardware for the consumer to drive our business. The consumer can bring their hardware with them and connect to us and save money. And so, yes, were oriented toward making our price successful in the marketplace and well have to compete with that price. But, we already have a significant price discount to what most people are paying for their wireless service. And as a result of that, weve had accelerating growth in wireless connections. And so, were offering real value to consumers and real overall savings by having them connect to us, both for their broadband and their wireless products.
Craig Moffett: Thanks. And Tom, I just want to say you guys, I was delighted to see the extension of your contract this morning. So, are we to understand that as you are now under contract until the end of 2024?
Tom Rutledge: Yes, more time in the salt mine.
Craig Moffett: Then, I think I can speak for a lot of Charter shareholders in saying that I think there are going to be a lot of people that are delighted to have you stay.
Tom Rutledge: Thank you very much. Its very kind of you to say.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick with JP Morgan.
Phil Cusick: Hey guys. Two, if I can. First, a follow-up on Jessicas question. What is the video attach rate to broadband sales these days? And how has that changed in the last few years? And second, a little more on wireless. You talked about a network build over time with the inside-out strategy. How does that take advantage of spectrum? And does cellular get integrated into your home routers over time, do you build that in dense outdoor markets like Comcast talked about yesterday? Whats the sort of the plan over time?
Tom Rutledge: Yes. So, I mean, the attach rate of video to broadband has been declining steadily. And thats because the overall penetration of video -- traditional video is declining steadily. And so, the reason we are growing video isnt because that ratio has changed. Its because were growing broadband faster and therefore pulling some video through with it.
Chris Winfrey: There is an interesting stat attached to that is related is we really dont sell video. We sell a package of connectivity service. If you asked how many video single play do you sell? Its about 5% of our video sales are coming through in single play. So, we really dont sell video. We sell that as an application or a service attached to the connectivity service.
Tom Rutledge: Yes. And with regard to your second question, maybe I wasnt clear -- go ahead.
Phil Cusick: I was just going to say what -- so what is -- if 95% of your sales are attached to broadband and not -- yes, and so what is video as a percentage of this.
Chris Winfrey: Yes. Were not providing that I think for competitive purposes, but were saying its been declining, and that hasnt changed. Weve just sold more broadband, which is why we have more video.
Tom Rutledge: And so, this inside out strategy and how do we use spectrum? And, can you put it in the house? Interestingly, our WiFi capabilities and available spectrum for WiFi has continued to improve. The FCC has just granted significant amounts of WiFi spectrum to the public for use. And we plan to use that spectrum inside dwellings. And so, when we think about spectrum and the spectrum we recently got with CBRS, its can you augment your WiFi spectrum with the CBRS spectrum to move traffic onto your own network that you might be paying someone else to carry. And the answer is yes. And you can do that in an efficient way, depending on the location and where you put the radio in such a way that you can actually reduce your overall cost. And as a result of that cost reduction, you get a return on investment on the capital you spend on both the spectrum and the radios that youve deployed. There are applications where CBRS spectrum or WiFi spectrum used differently than it has in the past can be used in enterprise connectivity using a 5G factory kind of notions where you would control the inside of a building using spectrum. So, there are individual products where you would want to have multiple radios, potentially, in the same environment. Whether you need to do that in a household in the short run or not is not that clear because theres so much WiFi spectrum available. But there are applications I can think of like farms and other places like that where CBRS could cover the whole property, 100 acres or 500 acres of property or even more for connectivity services. So, its a tool. We look at spectrum as a tool to extend the connectivity, and we plan to use it in ways where it takes our cost structure down.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Kraft: Hi. Good morning. I wanted to follow up, I guess, on a couple of topics. So, one for Tom and then one for Chris. Tom, I wanted to follow up on your earlier comments on the HFC network. I think, theres been more talk recently in the industry about operators over building with fiber-to-the-home. The advantage is obviously being upstream and latency. How are you thinking about the trade-offs now between deploying more fiber-to-the-home versus continuing with HFC, particularly given some of the changes in upstream traffic patterns during COVID? And, can you just help us to understand how that upstream bandwidth and latency improve as the DOCSIS infrastructure evolves? And then, Chris, I wanted to follow up on the build-out or the inside-out strategy that Tom mentioned in his prepared remarks. Can you give us any color on the magnitude or the significance of the capital investment that we could expect there? And maybe just some timing comments broadly speaking. And is that a long time to reach positive ROI, or is it a fairly short duration?
Tom Rutledge: So, Bryan, on the HFC plant, we think that theres a lot of capacity in the HFC plant, both downstream and upstream. And we think that given the current marketplace and utilization behaviors of consumers that we have plenty of upstream capacity. And we have a pathway using DOCSIS 3.1 technology and later, 4.1 technology to continue to increase that. And we have a vision that in the event that there is a transformative product set that needs upstream that would create value for consumers and then for us that we could fairly rapidly upgrade our plant to get a massive change in upstream capability. So, we build with fiber on the increment because its cheaper. But, we think that the HFC plant can be equal to fiber from a capability, latency, capacity perspective, for years to come. And we think that with relatively small capital investments compared to replacement cost new, which is what fiber is, that we can upgrade the network and be competitive for a very-long period of time.
Chris Winfrey: And as it relates to the CBRS build-out, its really a function of a few variables. One is the number of subscribers that you have. The more you have, the more economical build would be the usage of those subscribers, the amount of WiFi offload that you can get already, what is your rate on MVNO, and whats your density in the build cost. And as Tom mentioned, we wouldnt be building just to build a network. Wed be building tied to a guaranteed effectively cost reduction. And so, the ROI is not only relatively quick, but its very clear, and theres very low risk. And so, were not building any inside-out strategy just to have a network or for other network type build reasons, other than cost reduction. And, I dont think that its going to be material in the short term. I think, it will occur for a many multiyear period. And you could argue that as the mobile retail store build-out declines for mobile that could be substituted over time with some additional build-out, which has a direct correlation to cost reduction. And as we start to do that, were not doing that yet. Well probably provide a little more color on what we think the effective payback of that is. But, I think the thing you should take comfort is that were not building just to build, and its going to be tied to a clear cost reduction in ROI.
Tom Rutledge: Yes. The thing I would add to it is, yes, we have the $460 million of cost for CBRS spectrum. But the incremental capital is very specific to the location and the amount of traffic that we would save in essentially radio by radio kind of investment. It doesnt require building out a complete footprint. Its actually opportunistic by location.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Michael Rollins with Citi.
Michael Rollins: Thanks. Good morning. So, over time, youve given us a lot of insight into broadband consumption trends. I was curious if you can give us an update of how your video customers are now engaging with your platform, especially as you grow in subs year-to-date, with respect to maybe what percent of your customers engage with your VOD platform or the digital applications that you offer for the cable networks offer and need to be authenticated through Charter? And then, if you take all of that in aggregate, how much time theyre spending with you guys? And then, as you roll that up then, how does that instruct your video strategy going forward in terms of the way you want to aggregate and distribute content? Thanks.
Tom Rutledge: I dont know that I can answer that directly, except to say this. We track what our customers do with their video products. And we also track how they rate our applications and what their customer experience is and what our availability of content is to sell to the consumer. And we try to mix and match that in a way that we create the overall value and the relationship we have with the customer, but also create a product that makes money. And weve had some success in managing new ways of delivering video. As I said, we have over 10 million users who are getting their service through applications as opposed through traditional hardware. And so, we look at the business is evolving. We think that people will continue to buy rich packages for years to come, but we also think there are other opportunities to sell a variety of video services to consumers in different formats and that we can improve the customer experience by being a good place for consumers to interact with us to get those video services. And so, were working toward that, and were making some success. And were actually optimistic in the very long term about our video business.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Mike. That concludes the call.
Chris Winfrey: Thank you, everyone.
Tom Rutledge: Thank you, all.
End of Q&A:
Operator: With that, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays Charters third quarter 2020 investor call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Charter's Second Quarter 2020 Investor call. [Operator Instructions]. I'd now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Stefan Anninger. Please go ahead, sir.
Stefan Anninger: Good morning and welcome to Charter's Second Quarter 2020 Investor Call. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com, under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K and also our 10-Q filed this morning. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call. However, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect management's current view only, and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements or to make additional forward-looking statements in the future. During the course of today's call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures, as defined by Charter, may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. Please also note that all growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise specified. On today's call, we have Tom Rutledge, Chairman and CEO; and Chris Winfrey, our CFO. With that, let's turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas Rutledge: Thanks, Stefan. We've remained focused on serving our customers and the communities where we operate through a difficult period of time. These services have enabled remote working, distant learning, telehealth services and family communications in support of the broader economy and the welfare of our communities. In mid-March, as part of our effort to keep Americans connected during the shelter-in-place orders, we pledged to do a number of things. We committed to offer Spectrum Internet for free for 60 days to households with students or educators who did not already have a Spectrum Internet subscription. And through that program, which ended for new subscriptions on June 30, we added 450,000 customers. We also committed to suspend collection activities and not terminate service for residential or small and medium business customers who are experiencing COVID-19-related economic challenges. And through the Keep Americans Connected programs, which also ended on June 30, we helped approximately 700,000 customers who indicated economic hardship due to COVID-19. In addition, we opened our WiFi hotspots across our footprint for public use, opened up our Spectrum News website to ensure people have access to high-quality local news and information, and we rapidly connected and upgraded fiber services to health care providers. We've donated significant airtime to run public service announcements to our full footprint of 16 million video subscribers. And for our employees, we implemented 2 weeks of additional paid sick time for COVID-related illnesses and an additional 15 days of flex time to address other COVID issues. We increased our wages for all hourly field operations and customer service call center employees by $1.50 in April going back to February and committed to raise our minimum wage for hourly workers to at least $20 an hour over the next 2 years. We continued to perform well in the second quarter. We added 850,000 residential and SMB Internet customers driven by the demand for our high-quality products. Our ability to connect and service the customers we created in the quarter has been the result of investments that we've made over the last several years in our in-sourced and U.S.-based high-quality workforce, significant systems integration and automation, our online and digital sales and self-service platforms and our self-installation program, which ran at about 90% of installations during the quarter. Data usage and traffic in our network also remained elevated during the quarter. In June, residential data usage for Internet-only customers was 600 gigabytes per month, down 10% from the April peak, but up nearly 20% from the fourth quarter. Our customers are benefiting from a continually decreasing price per gigabyte. Peak traffic levels remain well below maximum capacity. And our network continued to perform well because of the capacity that our recent investments, including all-digital and DOCSIS 3.1, created and because we continue to invest significantly to stay ahead of that usage curve. Over the coming years, we'll invest in our network as we build to lower density in rural communities and pursue our 10g plan, which provides a cost-efficient pathway for us to offer multi-gigabit speeds and lower latency to consumers and business customers. Additionally, with our inside-out strategy, we will continue to use and develop small wireless cells powered by our network together with our MVNO to connect customers in and beyond the home, delivering our throughput and economics for customers in fixed, nomadic and mobile environments. Moving back to Q2 results. We added 100,000 video and 40,000 voice customers, both of which benefited from significant broadband sales in the quarter. We also added 325,000 mobile lines despite some disruption to our mobile sales channel in the quarter. We also performed well from a financial perspective. We grew adjusted EBITDA by 7.3% despite some nonrecurring items Chris will cover. And our second quarter free cash flow grew by nearly 70% year-over-year. As we look out for the rest of the year, we expect our broadband and mobile products to continue to drive demand. But our outlook depends on what happens to unemployment and income and for how long and the impact such factors have on customers' ability to pay for those services in the coming months, including government support to consumers. Household formation may slow. If it does, we would expect lower activity for both new sales and churn. And due to our various self-installation initiatives, we expect service transactions and costs to serve per customer relationship to continue to decline. SMB has held up better than we expected, and we're currently selling more year-over-year, again tied to how the economy and stimulus develops. In Enterprise, business has been slow. During the second quarter, we struggled to gain access to customers and business premises. Sales activity is picking up back each month, but it will continue to be lower growth until businesses are fully back to normal operations. Our advertising business is inherently local and primarily supported by small and medium businesses, which have also been slow to return to local advertising. Ad sales are improving, and we still expect political advertising to be meaningful, which will help our third and fourth quarter results. Our first half financial results would have been better were it not for COVID-19. But we feel good about our current performance and long-term growth trajectory. The value and demand for our services is clear, and we're operating efficiently and serving our communities well. In 2016, we put 3 cable companies together to scale our business under 1 operating strategy. Our ability to grow our connectivity services this year for both new and existing customers is a testament to our operating strategy, the quality of our products and our significant investment in systems and people over the last several years. Before turning the call over to Chris, I'd like to thank Charter's employees for their hard work, dedication and diligence throughout this crisis. They've been asked to go above and beyond their regular duties, and they've delivered, easing the strain for millions of families in this challenging time. Now I'll turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher Winfrey: Thanks, Tom. Now turning to customer results on Slide 5 of our presentation. Including the impact of COVID-19-related customer offers and retention programs, we grew total residential and SMB customer relationships by over 1.8 million over the last 12 months or by 6.3% and by 755,000 in the second quarter. Including residential and SMB, we grew our Internet customers by 850,000 in the quarter and by over 2.1 million or 8.3% over the last 12 months. Video grew by 94,000 in the quarter, better than last year's second quarter decline of 141,000 video customers. The positive performance was driven by churn benefits at a time when consumer demand was high as well as the pull-through effect of our COVID programs. Wireline voice grew by 45,000, also benefiting from the same likely temporary factors as video. Mobile net adds accelerated again to 325,000. Beginning in mid-March, we introduced 3 COVID-19-related offers and programs for our customers. Each of these offers ended on June 30. As we did in our first quarter materials, we had provided an addendum showing the customer counts for each of these 3 COVID-related offers as of the end of the second quarter. The first was our Remote Education Offer, which provided 60 days of free Internet for new Internet customers with students or educators in the household. Over 90% of these customers are on our flagship speed tier or higher. This channel looked very much like traditional acquisition with nearly 50% having subscribed to and paid for additional products along the way. At the end of the first quarter, we reported 119,000 internet customers in the offer, which rolled off either as paying customers or disconnects during Q2. For Q2, net of some small in-quarter roll-off churn, we added 329,000 more Internet customers to the 60-day free program, with 160,000 remaining on the free offer at the end of Q2. And by July 27, 90% of the cumulative connects on this program from Q1 all the way through Q2 remained as either paying customers or still on the free offer within the 60 days. The second offer or customer category in the addendum reflects customers who participated in our Keep Americans Connected Pledge to the FCC. These are customers who indicated their inability to pay for service for COVID-19-related reasons. This program protected, as Tom mentioned, approximately 700,000 residential and SMB customers from collections and disconnect activity through June 30. 60% of these customers were -- continued to pay something, half of which were paid in full. And at the peak, there were over 200,000 who would have been disconnected under our normal collection practices. In an effort to assist COVID-19-impacted customers with overdue balances, we waived $85 million of receivables, which was recorded as a reduction of revenue in the second quarter. As a result, these customers no longer have an overdue balance. We believe that we'll retain most as long-term customers, but some of the over 200,000 may become disproportionately delinquent compared to a typical customer with disconnection in late Q3 or more likely in Q4 under our normal disconnect practices. Early payment trends on this base is, however, very good. The final category of customers we've isolated in our addendum are SMB and enterprise customers who requested a seasonal suspension of service or temporary downgrade of a line of service while their operations were closed or diminished. I don't expect there will be anything to report as an addendum in Q3 given these programs have effectively wrapped up. So how do we think about customer relationship performance in 2020 given COVID-19 in our various programs? Well, in the beginning of Q1, our customer relationship growth was accelerating, and our pre-COVID expectation was that would continue throughout 2020. In March and the second quarter, we absorbed a tremendous amount of new connection and service volume, providing free service and credits. Our goal was to do our part in helping customers in our local communities through a difficult economic period. As of the third quarter, we have a lot of customers who now have high-quality, attractively priced connectivity services from us. And our third quarter and fourth quarter performance will largely be a function of the economy, unemployment and any additional stimulus packages. It is clear to us that the actions we took to connect and protect customers during the crisis will result in long-term benefits for Charter, better-ending relationships in 2020, and we expect a higher customer growth rate this year compared to last. So our success in the second half of 2020 will be measured on third and fourth quarter year-to-date for last 12 months' net additions comparisons, not a particular quarterly comparison, which is consistent with how we manage the business. Turning to the financials. As we expected, there were a lot of moving parts in the quarter. I'll be referencing various COVID-related items, which we've laid out on Slide 9 of today's presentation. Residential revenue grew by 4.1% in the quarter primarily driven by accelerating relationship growth and similar PSU bundle and video mix trends we have seen over several quarters. This growth rate includes the negative impact of $76 million of onetime write-down for residential customers in the Keep Americans Connected program. SMB revenue grew by 2% given slower customer growth and $17 million of write-downs and credits for customers in the Keep Americans Connected and the COVID-related seasonal plan. That created some temporary ARPU pressure. So far, we've been pleased with our SMB performance. And while things can definitely change if local economies shut back down, early third quarter SMB sales and net addition performance has actually been better year-over-year. Spectrum Enterprise revenue declined by 7.1% year-over-year driven by the sale of NaviSite and the continued pressure from the wholesale side of the business. Excluding both NaviSite and cell tower backhaul, Enterprise grew by 2.2%. That includes $18 million in onetime credits, which we extended to certain customers in return for contract extensions. While the comparability for NaviSite goes away after Q3, wholesale, in particular cell tower backhaul, continues to be challenged. Retail Enterprise, when excluding the $18 million of onetime bill credits, is growing revenue around 7%, but sustaining that growth or accelerating will be difficult until our customers are back to normal operations. We also have some exposure to the hotel segment, which we've tried to deal with in the second quarter. Spectrum Reach second quarter advertising revenue declined by 37% driven by the COVID pandemic, which reduced core ad sales growth. In April, sales were about 50% of prior year. May was about 60% of the prior year. And June was about 70% of prior year. So the trend has been improving, but our core won't be fully back to normal until later in the year or early next year. Of course, we will benefit from political along the way, which will help the prior year comparison. Mobile revenue totaled $310 million with $158 million of that being device revenue. And in total, consolidated second quarter revenue was up 3.1% year-over-year. Moving to operating expense. In the second quarter, total operating expenses grew by $45 million or 0.6% year-over-year. Cable operating expenses, excluding mobile, declined by 1.3% year-over-year or 0.8%, excluding NaviSite. Programming increased 1.6% year-over-year, reflecting the same rate, volume and mix considerations that we've seen in prior quarters. We did not accrue any RSN fee savings in our programming expenses in the second quarter as the certainty, amount and timing of any credits is not yet clear. If and when any COVID rebate for lost games occurs, we will pass that along to our video customers with no or minimal expected EBITDA impact. Regulatory, connectivity and produced content expenses decreased by 18.3% year-over-year primarily driven by a $125 million benefit from the timing of sports rights payments for our Dodgers and Lakers RSNs, which have been pushed out to the second half and later depending on the sport and adjusted season. Costs to service customers increased by 4.6% year-over-year with meaningful productivity compared to 6.3% customer relationship growth. The higher level of expense growth was driven by record levels of transaction volume ranging from acquisition, upgrades, billing and service. And that expense includes roughly $44 million for recently accelerated hourly wage increases and COVID-19 benefits, which Tom mentioned, partially offset by lower medical costs and a onetime payroll tax credit. Bad debt expense was essentially flat year-over-year but some $48 million lower than what we would have expected based on higher customer counts and the unemployment rate. This quarter, bad debt benefited from the significant revenue write-off for customers who were in the protection program and generally better payment trends due to the stimulus package under the CARES Act. Bad debt going forward will be a function of the economy and any new stimulus package. Excluding bad debt variability, costs to service customers should continue to grow at a slower rate than customer relationship growth due to lower transaction volume and higher self-service trends despite the step-up in minimum wages and COVID flextime. Cable marketing expenses declined by 6.3% year-over-year given better media placement rates and a onetime payroll tax credit. Other expense declined by 6.6% year-over-year primarily due to lower advertising sales cost, costs related to NaviSite, which was sold, travel and insurance costs. Mobile expenses totaled $413 million and were comprised of mobile device cost tied to device revenue, customer acquisition and MVNO usage cost and operating expenses. In total, we grew adjusted EBITDA by 7.3% in the quarter when including our mobile EBITDA loss of $103 million. Cable adjusted EBITDA grew by 6.7%, including a 2.7% negative growth rate impact from advertising revenue, net of its associated expense in both periods. We generated $766 million of net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the second quarter, and capital expenditures totaled $1.9 billion in the second quarter. Our second quarter capital expenditure shows we continued to invest through the second quarter despite a disruptive environment. We invested significantly in continued capacity upgrades at the national and local levels to stay ahead of contention, and we didn't slow down on new build, including construction in rural areas. Obviously, the level of broadband installations drove much higher modem and router purchases and self-installation kits. We expect 2020 cable capital expenditures as a percentage of revenue to decline year-over-year, and the underspend relative to our original plan that I mentioned last quarter may not be as significant as a result of the now much higher growth rates. We generated close to $1.9 billion in consolidated free cash flow in the quarter. And excluding our investment in mobile, we generated $2.1 billion of cable free cash, up about $700 million versus last year's second quarter. We finished the quarter with $2.1 billion of cash and $4.7 billion of availability under our revolver. And as of the end of the second quarter, our net debt-to-last 12-month adjusted EBITDA was 4.3x or 4.2x if you look at cable only. So we delevered a bit in Q2. Earlier this month, we issued $3 billion of long-dated, high-yield debt at very attractive rates. Pro forma for our recent financing activities, our current run rate annualized cash interest is $3.8 billion. During the quarter, we repurchased 2.3 million Charter shares and Charter Holdings common units totaling about $1.2 billion at an average price of $499 per share. We completed a lower amount of buybacks in Q2 than we did in Q1 as we wanted to survey both defensive and offensive opportunities in a unique climate. Our visibility to various scenarios surrounding COVID-19 has obviously improved. We will always evaluate the best use of our capital to generate long-term return for shareholders be it organic investments, such as the launch of our mobile or network edge-outs, purchasing someone else's shares or our own and probably in that order in terms of preference. And we remain comfortable in the middle or high end of our target leverage range. As I mentioned last quarter, we know that we have a high-quality, resilient asset with dedicated employees across our local communities, and we've invested significantly in our network and our people over the years. We also know there's a high demand for our product across every part of our footprint in both homes and businesses in good times and in bad, which is why we continue to aggressively build out more broadband passings and ensure that our network is well invested, ready and working for future opportunities. As the environment continues to evolve across the 41 states where we operate, our goal is to stay focused on what we do well and execute a proven operating strategy that works for customers and employees across various economic and regulatory climates to create shareholder value. Operator, we're now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Jonathan Chaplin with New Street.
Jonathan Chaplin: Two quick ones, if I may, Chris. Firstly, can you give us just a little bit more color on how you think the third quarter in particular but really the rest of the year will unfold as it relates to some of the COVID-related benefits and costs you saw? So specifically, it sounds like there are about 360,000 subs still on various offers. Do you think that will -- could translate into higher churn in 3Q? And then is there any more write-offs for revenues or negative bad debt impacts you anticipate from the initiatives that we've seen so far, not taking into consideration anything that happens with the economy and the macro environment? And then we were interested to see that you guys registered for the RDOF subsidies. You've been growing households at close to or passing it close to 2% recently. If you're successful in those auctions, what could that potentially increase to?
Christopher Winfrey: Why don't I start with the last one first? We're in a quiet period as it relates to the RDOF, and so we won't be commenting any further than what we've already said in the 8-K. The first one, and I'll give a shot at it here and then Tom may want to chime in as well, is the programs that we had in place have wrapped up as of June 30. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the customers that we created through the end of the first quarter and the second quarter on the Remote Education Offer, so all those net -- all those gross additions that came through, 90% of them are still with us, and the vast majority of them are paying and 50% of whom altogether had actually taken additional products from us and were paying along the way. So I don't have a crystal ball. But so far, they look every bit as good as regular-way acquisitions. They're not a low-tier package from us. Over 90% of them are in the flagship product. And then while there's risk attached to any of that because of the programs we've put, so far we don't see it. We're just putting it out there that we're watching it and so far it looks very good on the Remote Education Offer.
Thomas Rutledge: I would just add that from a profile perspective, they look just like our regular customer base, and they are like our customer base. And the 50% that bought video or voice from us or mobile went through the normal credit check process that all customers go through. So they very much are behaving like all customers that we create. And I look at that offer in a lot of ways as a conventional promotional offer with a broadband benefit associated with it for 2 months, but it brought in new -- real new customers that subscribe and look like existing customers.
Christopher Winfrey: Yes. And then the other program was Keep Americans Connected. At the peak, we had 200,000 customers who had gone beyond the point where we normally would have disconnected the customer. We've written off the balance for anybody who had an extended balance. So that was the $85 million that I mentioned. So by the time we got to July, all of those customers were in good standing partly because some of them had been paying along the way and partly because we wrote off. Now those that were written off revenue, as we sit here today, and we looked at those that cycled through the June billing cycle, they're paying and they're paying at a very good rate. And so if we had to sit here today, we'd say it looks very much like regular customer and customer churn. The caveat that we've put out there is obviously, there's a fair amount of stimulus that's been in -- a federal economic stimulus that's been in the environment, and we don't know what that's going to look like. We don't know how COVID is going to continue to develop. And nonpay will develop going forward, as it normally would with how the economy goes and how stimulus goes along with it.
Thomas Rutledge: And the way I would describe the macroeconomic risk factors going forward is that they apply to the entire business just like they apply to the customers that we had created in this quarter, and we don't see a big difference in the customer base that we created in the quarter and the average customer base.
Christopher Winfrey: The final question that you asked, Jonathan, was do we see any more revenue write-off or exceptional bad debt later this year. No, none attached to any of these programs. To the extent that what we just talked about if the economy is difficult and there isn't stimulus, would we expect a higher nonpay rate in that environment which would result in bad debt? Yes, but that would be the same for any business. And that'd be the same for us in any environment where you have the economy which is more difficult.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick with JPMorgan.
Philip Cusick: First, Chris, can you dig into the video strength? Well, I assume the inflection was pull-through from customers coming in on some kind of promotion for broadband and taking that video as well. With that program done, should we assume video trends return to normal going forward? And then second, Tom, your contract expires next year. Can you give us an idea? Do you plan to keep running the company after that? Or give us any update on how you and the Board think about succession planning?
Thomas Rutledge: Sure. All right, well, I'm going to answer both of your questions. So video is a -- the secular trends for video haven't changed. What happened is that we've always said that we thought it was possible to grow video if our overall relationship growth was high enough because there still are a -- the ratio of video customers to overall customers, it is continuing to decline, but it's -- if you grow fast enough -- if you grow faster than that rate of decline, then you create video growth. And that's really what's happened here. Nothing has changed the secular trend, although there probably was a little less downgrading during the period because so many people were stuck in front of screens at home. But I don't think the overall trend has changed. What really just happened is we accelerated our growth rate overall in customer relationships. And as a result of that -- and the shift in share, some of the video -- we grew faster than the rate of video decline, and it's that simple. In the past, we said we thought that we're -- that satellite would decline and that we could grow fast enough to have small video growth. Overall, growth declined faster than I thought it would over the last several years, but it's still -- I would say that, that trend has not changed. All that changed was we grew our overall relationships faster. And with regard to me, I intend to continue to be here, and the Board would like me to stay.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Crdit Suisse.
Douglas Mitchelson: So a question for Chris. You used plain English and I know you're specific with your comments, but I'm still going to ask for a clarification on the comments on offensive opportunities being reviewed in 2Q, and I think you said in this order: purchase someone else's shares versus purchasing our own. So should we read that as the company's reviewing and interested in M&A at a higher level than previously? And then Tom in his prepared remarks mentioned investing in the networks. Is that emphasis on investing in the networks suggesting a different outlook for CapEx than previously stated? Or is that just within the profile that you've previously set?
Christopher Winfrey: And thanks, Doug. So there's really -- since Tom and I both have been here, there's no change in our prioritization of cash flow. We've always said the most attractive way to deploy your excess free cash flow is to invest in further growth opportunities inside the business. The second would be to acquire other companies which have a better rate of return than buying back your own stock. And the third would be to buy back your own stock. And the reason for that order is because it's -- if you can get the first 2 that I mentioned going, it actually enhances the quality and the return of the buybacks that you do, too. Our views on that haven't changed, so I was just reiterating that's how we think about it. And I don't think in Tom's comments we were trying to foreshadow any type of major capital increase. We just said that our philosophy has always been to invest in our networks. We've done so. It's -- you can see the benefit of having gotten in front of capacity needs well in advance and put us in a position to add this amount of subscribers. And there's no major change that we're signaling there other than we intend to continue to invest very, very well inside of our networks.
Thomas Rutledge: Yes. I wasn't saying that we were changing our profile investment strategy. I was merely commenting that we've been investing in capacity upgrades, and those capacity upgrades have served us well, and they serve the whole communications infrastructure of the country well. And you have a very competitive facilities-based market in the United States, and it results in very high-quality products, and it will result in future high-quality products.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs.
Brett Feldman: When we look at the success you had in the first half of the year with your broadband subscriber growth, one of the reasons is you identified a demographic, which is students and teachers, where it seems like you may have been particularly underpenetrated and you came up with this promo that was really made for the moment, and it worked. You still have very low broadband penetration relative to what I think you believe it's ultimately going to be, and so I'm wondering whether you think there's an opportunity on the heels of the REO program to come up with other promos that are uniquely appealing to other demographics where maybe that gap is a bit wider. And then just on the wireless. Obviously, the net adds there were very strong. I'm wondering if that's because there was a very high attach rate with the broadband ad that you had and, as a result, if broadband ads are going to be more moderate in the back half, we should also have the same outlook for more moderate wireless ads.
Thomas Rutledge: Well, to your implication, yes, if we could find ways to segment promotional activity that will result in faster growth, we will take advantage of those opportunities. And one of the reasons we were able to be successful with the promotion that we just did was our ability to not only do the promotion but to execute it and to actually install it in a very short order of time in a way that was convenient for customers using self-installation. And so yes, there's continued opportunity for acceleration. But that was a particularly successful result. And we will continue to explore opportunities going forward to accelerate growth from a marketing perspective, but we feel pretty good about our ability to continually grow and to continually -- and to -- and accelerate that growth, and nothing that has happened to date has dissuaded us from that perspective.
Christopher Winfrey: And nothing to -- not to diminish our own prowess either, but if you think about the demographics of who has somebody in their household who can claim to be a student or claim to be an educator, it's a pretty broad segment of the population. It was just a very attractive offer that was out at a point in time where people needed it, and it was a good opportunity to create new...
Thomas Rutledge: It was not the majority of our sales by any means.
Christopher Winfrey: No. But it's still created a new market and drove additional share shift.
Thomas Rutledge: It was a nice -- and it fit the moment.
Brett Feldman: The other question was whether the wireless adds that we created in the second quarter were also tied similar to video or voice as a function of the broadband growth. And would that indicate that the second half of this year, wireless net adds could be less if we had less broadband growth?
Thomas Rutledge: Oh, I think no.
Christopher Winfrey: I don't either.
Thomas Rutledge: The way we look at the mobile growth opportunity, it's really a function of activity levels and how often we get a chance to communicate with our customers about mobile and what the rate of that attach rate is. And that continues to improve. And it's a relatively new business for us, and we are continuing to improve our tactics at that business and we're continuing to get improvement every week in terms of our results. And so we have high expectations for continued growth in that area.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne: Chris, I don't know if you can give us color now, maybe some uncertainty, but do you expect any benefit or a shift in -- or a year-over-year impact on the sports rights front in the third quarter around the Dodgers and Lakers? You mentioned it was delayed, but I do think there have been games that have been canceled. So just curious if we should be thinking about that. And then maybe for Tom. Are you thinking about accelerating your sort of network evolution over time? I know you talked about not changing your CapEx profile in general. But scalable infrastructure, I noticed, ticked up. You talked about getting ahead of contention. I think you mentioned 10G. The business is throwing off tons of free cash flow. I'm just wondering if -- do you think about where you want the network to be wired and wireless over time? Are you thinking about trying to bring that forward just to take advantage of all the opportunities the company has?
Thomas Rutledge: Yes. It was -- sort of in broad terms, yes, we want to continue to take advantage of the technological opportunity that the network provides us and the cost-efficient way to upgrade the network on a relative basis to what we think our competitors can do. And so to the extent that demand exists for new products or that demand can be created for new products and drive revenue associated with those new products, we want to upgrade our network to take advantage of that. And at the moment, we have a lot of capacity. And so I don't see, at the moment, our profile changing. But as a general notion, we think that with relatively efficient capital investments, we can continue to upgrade our network through time. And 10G is a reflection and a description of that opportunity. It's a cost-efficient upgrade platform that allows us to get to very high capacity, low latency on a relative basis more efficiently than anyone else.
Christopher Winfrey: Ben, on your first question, the delayed Dodgers and Lakers costs from the first and the second quarter, they've been pushed out to varying degrees depending on the RSN and the sport and the adjusted season. But the biggest driver for the first half of this year is the P&L recognition of the Dodgers where we've paid the cash, but the expense for unplayed games will be amortized over the remaining life of the contract. So it's unlikely there'll be a large catch-up in the back half of this year. Now to the extent that there are programming rebates, those are very complex. And in most cases, we're not going to know for some time if we'll receive any rebates or credits back from the leagues. The same applies to programming networks on the programming cost side. But what we have said is to the extent that we do receive any rebates or credits for canceled games or programming -- on the programming expense line, so between rights and programming extra cost due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we'll pass those along to the customers. So I don't see a material EBITDA impact, although it could put an offsetting revenue credit and expense credit to the extent it materializes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson.
Craig Moffett: Two quick questions, if I could. First, I'll go back to the question about footprint expansion, maybe not in the context of the RDOF auction but just in general. Can you share with us how much of the broadband growth came from the 2.2% footprint expansion that you're seeing now year-over-year? And absent any benefit from the RDOF auction, how fast do you think that footprint expansion could go? And then just second, could you update us on the path to profitability for the wireless business and your current view of how profitable that business can be with the current contract and then how much traffic you think you might be able to offload onto your own facilities in a way to reduce those monthly variable costs?
Thomas Rutledge: Well, we're in a quiet period with regard to RDOF, Craig, but -- and also, our 2% passings growth rate includes new construction as well, meaning new home creation. And the bulk of that is that at this point in time. So...
Christopher Winfrey: And maybe just to add on to it, those are -- homes passed are including what you count as marketable. So the extent that you're picking up additional homes maybe without even construction, we're building about 500,000, 600,000 a year. And so that's what you should think about as being added from a construction standpoint. It's not a material driver to our overall net adds inside of the quarter, and it hasn't been -- but as it builds up over time, it's obviously a cumulative effect as you start to penetrate those vintages of construction. But what we've done over the past year hasn't been a big driver for our broadband net add growth. But if you do enough of it over a prolonged period of time, it's snowballs.
Thomas Rutledge: It's good returns on investment capital spending over time. And it's -- the activity levels in the second quarter were similar to what they were planned for and what they were in the first quarter. So construction didn't actually slow down. And I'm talking about new home construction in the quarter.
Christopher Winfrey: Craig, the profitability of wireless, our views on it hasn't changed. We're not dependent on any additional offload above and beyond the WiFi that we already utilize. And even under that rather limited model, our expectation continues to be that our breakeven, if you had no additional subscriber acquisition, so no marketing and sales cost, no cost of provisioning new customers, that the break-even point would be around 2 million lines. That's a bit of a fictitious or academic scenario because we're always going to be selling it, we're always going to be marketing. But that gives you a sense of where the business, absent growth, would break even.
Thomas Rutledge: We're rapidly approaching.
Christopher Winfrey: Which we're rapidly approaching. So the economics of wireless are good. But like any start-up subscription business, it costs money to get going and you acquire customers, and they have a positive payback on every single one of them that we acquire. And so our views on the profitability hasn't changed. To the extent that we're able to improve the economics along the way, which we've talked about extensively in the past, that would make that even better, but we don't rely a ton on that.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Kraft: I had one Tom and one for Chris. Tom, Charter recently requested the FCC waive 2 of the conditions related to the approval of the Time Warner Cable deal on data caps and paid peering. What's the motivation behind that request? And if it was granted, how would that impact the business in the future? And then, Chris, I was wondering if you could just give us some updated color on how you're thinking about working capital usage for 2020.
Thomas Rutledge: So Bryan, when we did the agreement with the FCC, it had -- it was a 7-year agreement. So those provisions go away automatically in 7 years, but there was a caveat in our agreement that allowed us to terminate it after 5 years if the marketplace indicated that those conditions were no longer relevant. And I would just describe our goal there as housekeeping, and -- because it's -- because the market didn't require those conditions and in my view never did, we wanted to get -- we wanted to put ourselves from an opportunity perspective on the same even playing field as all of our competitors. But we don't have any change in business strategy or marketing strategy or product strategy as a result of that request.
Christopher Winfrey: And Bryan, on the working capital, if you think about the past 2 years, meaning 2018 and 2019, there were some pretty unique items that were taking place, whether it was the wind down of all-digital or last year we hinted a -- the big billing standardization project, which -- both of which had impacts on working capital. We haven't had anything like that. That's been abnormal this year. We do have large springs inside the quarter due to seasonality. You saw that inside of Q2 where we had a positive contribution to working capital. Last year, we had a negative one that was driven by that billing standardization which we talked about then. To give you an order of magnitude, there are days when we collect $300 million of cash in 1 day of collections. And so it's going to move around a little bit both inside of a quarter and for a full year based on the timing of your programming payments, the timing of your collections. And so I don't want to hoist ourselves here on our own petard and give a working capital forecast other than to say there's no major change this year that could cause us -- should cause us to be abnormal. And whether it's positive or negative by a few hundred million, it's not going to be a material driver to our free cash flow this year is my current expectation.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike McCormack with Guggenheim Partners.
Michael McCormack: Chris, maybe just a quick comment on the customers that are, I guess, at risk. When you look at the consumer versus the SMB piece of it, is there a different behavior or are there different behaviors between those 2 cohorts? And then maybe one for Tom, on the programming cost side. We're seeing in the last 12 months about 6.5 million subs come out of the video ecosystem. How does that change your thought process going forward, I guess, maybe in your own content strategy. And obviously, any thoughts about pushing back against the programmers? And then if you don't mind, just one last on Enterprise. Is that Enterprise weakness just delayed decision-making? Or are you actually seeing customer disconnects?
Thomas Rutledge: Okay. The last question, it's delayed decision-making.
Christopher Winfrey: Yes. People in large enterprise, they're not in the office. And to the extent their IT people are, it hasn't been the time where they're most aggressively looking to save money and change providers and move to Spectrum. We're still making a fair amount of sales, and it's picking up every month, just getting back to a more normalized environment. But it's been depressed, and it's going to be probably until businesses -- enterprise businesses get back to normal operations. Maybe I'll take...
Thomas Rutledge: There's opportunity there...
Christopher Winfrey: Yes, there is.
Thomas Rutledge: In creating new products and services for enterprise that -- and enterprise will use their telecommunications infrastructure in a different way, potentially going forward. So I think in the long run, there's more opportunity.
Christopher Winfrey: Yes.
Thomas Rutledge: The question on the thought process around programming and whether or not the whole sort of ecosystem argues for a more aggressive stance or not, I think, is the implication of your question. I think that's coming. And at some point, somebody oversteps the bounds of reason and there'll be some sort of breakage that will occur.
Christopher Winfrey: You had also asked about the difference between at-risk customers for nonpay as it relates to residential and SMB. On the residential side, we -- as I mentioned, we have a product that's in high demand, that's highly competitive. It's attractively priced. It's attractively packaged. And because of the way that we do all of that and operate, we don't -- there's going to be high demand for it. It's just a question of people's ability to pay. And there's some uncertainty around where does the economy go. And even if the economy is bad in an environment where you have a significant amount of stimulus, we tend to get paid very quickly in that environment because of the value of the product that we provide. So that's really how we think about the residential environment, is the economy and the level of stimulus. SMB, it's really a question of whether they're open for business or not and how -- if they're not open for business, how long can they sustain from their own liquidity perspective of not being in business. And that's the uncertainty that we face on that front. Otherwise, the quality of our products and our ability to go gain market share in an environment where people are looking for faster products at better prices, you would argue that -- if the share flow could actually increase in the SMB space for us along the way.
Thomas Rutledge: Yes. And Chris used -- sorry, Chris said that our SMB continues to accelerate over last year. And that's not just a function that businesses are back and working, but it's also a share shift function. And we're underpenetrated in SMB, and so our upside there is bigger than it is in residential from a market share perspective and we have the best products.
Michael McCormack: And Chris, those percentages that you laid out as far as those that are paying, is that a residential-only number that you were referring to?
Christopher Winfrey: I'm trying to remember which because I gave a lot of percentages today. So I gave the...
Michael McCormack: I figured like 50% are paying something.
Christopher Winfrey: No. That was residential in SMB. But the vast, vast majority of those unit -- if you take a look at the addendum we provided, the vast majority of those customers were in the residential space, and so it's heavily weighted towards residential. But it was both. It was both. And so 60% of customers have been making some payment, including partial payments, half of which -- or about 30% of the total base had been making full payment, and that included -- those stats included both residential and SMB.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Timothy Nollen: I'd like to come back to the video numbers. I just wanted to ask if you think your numbers are helped somewhat by what appears to be a bit more of a skinny bundle strategy that you offer rather than offering some more OTT services, OTT bundles as some of your competitors are doing.
Thomas Rutledge: The answer is yes. Yes, we have a range of video products, including a traditional bundle. And to some extent, in the long run, the skinny packages have limits in terms of what we can penetrate with because of the way the contract language works, our programming deals and the minimums that are required in the -- the minimum distribution required in a big bundle. So there's a challenge for us in balancing all of that that so far we've been successful in dealing with. But the answer is yes, and the challenges in video have not gone away.
Timothy Nollen: And do you think you might be looking at offering some OTT types of one-offs or bundles within your video offering? Or is that something you're going to stay away from?
Thomas Rutledge: You mean -- I'm not sure I fully understand your question. But you mean are we willing to do additional packaging?
Timothy Nollen: Yes. I'm not talking about skinny bundles in terms of traditional linear or skinny bundles, but things like offering an OTT service or offering an OTT bundle from a network rather than a skinny linear bundle.
Thomas Rutledge: Oh, Yes. Yes, absolutely. And I think you'll see us selling more and more packages of OTT product that we don't necessarily own but more on a consignment basis or on a -- potentially even a packaging basis.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Tim.
Christopher Winfrey: Thanks, Tim.
Stefan Anninger: Operator, that completes our call.
Christopher Winfrey: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Charter's First Quarter 2020 Investor Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. And after the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Stefan Anninger. Please go ahead.
Stefan Anninger: Good morning and welcome to Charter's first quarter 2020 Investor Call. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K and also our 10-Q filed this morning. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call. However, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect management's current view only and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements or to make additional forward-looking statements in the future. During the course of today's call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures, as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures, as defined by Charter may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. Please also note that all growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise specified. On today's call we have Tom Rutledge, Chairman and CEO, and Chris Winfrey, our CFO. With that let's turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Rutledge: Thank you, Stefan. First, on behalf of all of us at Charter, let me express our concerns for those who have been impacted by the COVID-19 crisis in our local communities we serve, as we endure together an extremely serious health, social and economic crisis. The hard work and dedication of Charters 95,000 employees has been remarkable. We're all proud of how we're serving our customers at this time. Charter's employees are in trucks, in the field, call centers, dispatch network operation centers, their homes, and retail stores, where we provide customer equipment and numerous support functions that enable our company to service our customers. We remain focused on our customers and communities and we've been able to deliver our connectivity services without interruption to our customers across the country. We know our role as a provider of communication services and the importance of keeping connectivity services fully functioning for both new and existing households and businesses, which enable social distancing, including remote working, distance learning, telehealth services and family communications. In mid-March as part of our effort to keep America connected during this crisis, we pledged to do a number of things. We committed to offer Spectrum Internet for free for 60 days to households with students or educators, who do not already have a Spectrum Internet subscription. We recently announced that we are extending the availability of this offering through June 30. As of March 31, we added approximately 120,000 customers connected under this offer, with many more installed in April. By the end of the school year, we expect that this offer will have helped approximately 400,000 students and teachers, and their families continue schooling through remote learning. For 60 days, we also committed to suspend collection activities, not terminate service for residential or small or medium business customers, who are experiencing COVID-19 related economic challenges. We also extended the availability of this offer to June 30. Additionally, we've opened our WiFi hotspots across our footprint for public use and we've prioritized over 1,000 requests from government, healthcare and educational institutions for new fiber connections, bandwidth upgrades and new services, that includes major hospital groups and the two U.S. Naval hospitals in New York and Los Angeles. And Spectrum News has opened its websites to ensure people have access to high quality local news and information. We've also donated significant airtime to run public service announcements to our whole footprint of 16 million video subscribers. Charter provides essential service, and we've been working to keep America connected working and learning, while at the same time, protecting our employees. We've instituted guidelines in our call centers that enhance social distancing between employees, including enabling a significant percentage of those employees for remote work. We've also altered our field operations protocol, by aggressively moving to customer self-installation. So while we continue to operate at nearly full capability, we're taking the necessary precautions to promote the safety of our employees. We're also providing our employees with outstanding benefits. We've implemented an additional two weeks of paid sick time for COVID related illnesses, for when we ask an employee to self-quarantine. We've given every employee an additional 15 days of COVID-19 related flex time to address other COVID related issues, including caring for children and dependents. In early April, we increased our wage for all hourly field operations and customer service call center employees by a $1.50 per hour back to February. We also committed to raising our minimum wage for hourly workers to at least $20 an hour over the next two years. We are paying employees in parts of our business like residential and SMB direct sales, whose work has been put on hold, and to reinforce our commitment to employees we announced that for 60 days no employee will be laid off or furloughed. We have a great business with employees committed to our mission and that will ensure that we are able to excel through the eventual economic recovery. We continue to perform well operationally, both through the end of the Q1 and now. In first quarter, we added 580,000 residential and SMB Internet customers. We had a good quarter, driven by demand for our higher quality products. We also saw an increase in the number of residential and business customers, upgrading their speed. Our ability to provision the outsized demand we saw in the quarter, has been a result of the investments that we have made over the last several years in our insourced and onshore high quality workforce, significant systems integration and automation, our online and digital sales and self-service platforms and our self-installation program. In fact, we accelerated the expansion of our customer self-installation from 55% of sales at the beginning of the quarter to nearly 70% at the end of the quarter to over 90% today. Data usage and traffic on our network also grew significantly during the quarter. In March Residential data usage for Internet-only customers was over 600 gigabytes per month, up over 20% since the fourth quarter. Our customers are benefiting from a continually decreasing price per gigabit. Peak traffic levels remain well below maximum capability. Our network as well as those of other cable operators in the U.S. and performed better than networks in other countries, because of the significant investments we've made and continue to make in our plan, like the recent rollout of 1 gig everywhere. The pro investment regulatory climate has made this possible. Over the coming years, we will invest in our network, as we built the lower density in rural communities and pursue our 10G plan, which provides a cost-efficient pathway for us to offer multi-gigabit speeds, lower latency, high compute services to consumers and businesses customers. With our inside-out strategy, we will continue to use and develop small wireless cells, powered by our network, together with our MVNO to connect customers in and beyond the home, delivering our throughput and economics for customers in fixed, nomadic and mobile environments. Our strategy will be enhanced by the FCC recently freeing up 1,200 megahertz of 6 gigahertz spectrum for WiFi. The FCC's action is a transformational step toward broadband in America. It was a bold move and we look forward to making significant use of the spectrum. Moving back to Q1 results, we also performed well from a financial perspective during the quarter. We grew adjusted EBITDA by 8.4% and combined with our lower cable capital expenditures, our first quarter free cash flow grew by over 100% year-over-year. As we look forward, we would expect that demand for our residential broadband product will remain strong as people work and learn from home and need to stay connected. Broadly speaking, the health of our residential business will be impacted by what happens to unemployment and income and how long and the impact that such factors will have on customers' ability to pay for service in the coming months, including government support to consumers. Slowing household formation may also play a role and our ability to drive new customer growth, by slowing activity for both new sales and also churn. We also recognize that the recent strength in video and wireline voice trends maybe temporary due to lockdowns and reverse in an economic downturn. So our SMB business is more difficult. We serve approximately 2 million SMB customers and many of those customers are currently closed at least temporarily. As a result, SMB customer growth and revenue growth will be lower than our previous expectations. It will likely take time for this part of our business to recover, but it will and maybe with a faster growth rate than before the crisis. I expect our enterprise business to remain more stable than SMB. Enterprise customers are larger and most but not all will be able to stand the recession more than smaller businesses that have less liquidity. But our expectations for enterprise customers and revenue growth have also been tempered, as enterprise customers with complex products are less likely to switch and grant installation access in this environment. Our advertising business is inherently local and primarily supported by small and medium businesses, which have been hurt in the crisis, but we still expect political advertising to be meaningful, which will help us, particularly in the back half of the year. So clearly our revenue growth rate will be less than what we anticipated. But as service transactions and sales slow for the market as a whole, and customer adoption of self-service accelerates, there are a number of operating cost improvements and capital expenditure delays that will help cash flow growth now and in the future. We also believe that on a relative basis, we're in a far better position than most companies, as the value and demand for our service is significant and we're operating efficiently in serving our communities well, as we always have in a crisis. Chris will cover the potential impacts to our 2020 financials and reporting in more detail, but I want to be clear that, while we don't know the depth and duration of the impacts of social distancing, we pressure tested our business model, our liquidity and balance sheet through various scenarios. Our analysis confirms what we have always believed that we remain well positioned. Overall, we fully expect to be in good shape over the long term and we believe our business will continue to do very well, given the assets and products we have and the continued investment in those assets, our customers and our employees. Before turning the call over to Chris, I'd like to thank Charter's employees for their hard work and dedication and diligence through this crisis. They've been asked to go well above and beyond their regular duties and they've delivered, easing the strain for millions of families. The positive feedback we've received from our customers is very gratifying and we continue to treat our customers with respect, compassion and support and continue to deliver great products and services. We will come out strong around the other side of this crisis. We still have a lot of work in front of us, but I am heartened by how we have risen to the challenge, and know that we will continue to deliver for our customers and for America, regardless of what comes our way. I'd also like to send my regards and best wishes to all of those listening to this call, may you and your families remain safe and healthy. Now, I'll turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks, Tom. Our first quarter results were strong and reflect where we were heading as a company before the COVID-19 crisis started here in the U.S. Our residential customer relationship net additions increased versus the prior year in each month of the first quarter, and we were driving increasingly efficient operations given our customer friendly operating strategy and growing our free cash flow quickly. Residential revenue grew by 4.2% in the quarter, primarily driven by accelerating relationship growth in similar PSU bundled and video mix trends we've been seeing over several quarters. SMB revenue grew by 5.4%. Enterprise revenue declined by 3.2% year-over-year, driven by the sale of Navisite and by continued pressure from the wholesale side of the business. Excluding both cell tower backhaul and Navisite, enterprise grew by 6.9%. First quarter advertising revenue grew by 5.7% driven by political. In the month of March, non-political advertising revenue declined by 18.7% year-over-year, primarily due to COVID-19 related softness, including the abrupt postponement of sporting events. Mobile revenue totaled $258 million with $131 million of that being device revenue. In total consolidated first quarter revenue was up 4.8% year-over-year. Moving to operating expenses in the first quarter; total operating expenses grew by $191 million or 2.7% year-over-year. Cable operating expenses excluding mobile grew by 1.1% year-over-year or 1.7%, excluding Navisite, that's despite faster relationship and revenue growth. Programming increased 0.9% year-over-year, reflecting the same rate, volume and mix considerations that we've seen and talked about in prior quarters and we also had over $20 million of non-recurring programming benefits this quarter. Regulatory connectivity and produced content expenses decreased by 1.7% year-over-year, driven by lower regulatory fees and a $20 million benefit from the timing of sports rights payments. Cost of service customers increased by 1.4% year-over-year, compared to 4.5% customer relationship growth. That expense includes roughly $30 million for recently accelerated hourly wage increases and COVID-19 benefits, as well as $25 million of incremental estimated bad debt for COVID impacts as of March 31st. Excluding bad debt expense in both years, Q1 cost to service customers declined by 0.7%. We continue to meaningfully lower our per relationship service cost. Cable marketing expenses increased by 4.2% year-over-year, driven by higher labor cost and commissions. And mobile expenses totaled $374 million and they were comprised of mobile device costs tied to device revenue, customer acquisition and MVNO usage cost and operating expenses. In total, we grew adjusted EBITDA by 8.4% in the quarter, when including our mobile EBITDA loss of $116 million. Cable adjusted EBITDA grew by 8.1%. We generated $396 million in net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the first quarter and capital expenditures totaled $1.5 billion. We generated $1.4 billion of consolidated free cash flow, and excluding our investment in mobile, we generated $1.6 billion of cable free cash, up about $700 million versus last year's first quarter. During the quarter, we repurchased 5.2 million Charter shares and Charter Holding common units, totaling about $2.6 billion at an average price of $490 per share. Let me briefly turn to our customer results before addressing our business outlook in more detail. Including the impact of COVID-19 related customer offers and programs. We grew total residential and SMB customer relationships by close to 1.3 million over the last 12 months or by 4.5% and by 486,000 relationships in the first quarter. Including residential and SMB, we grew our Internet customers by 582,000 in the quarter, and by close to 1.6 million or 6.1% over the last 12 months. Video declined by 70,000 in the quarter, better than last year's first quarter decline of 145,000. In wireline, voice declined by 65,000, which was also better than last year's first quarter decline of 99,000. Through February, total customer relationships, internet and video net additions were all better year-over-year, and mobile net additions had continued to accelerate. By mid-March, due to increased social distancing practices and shelter-in-place orders throughout the country, demand increased significantly for our products, but we temporarily yielded less mobile, as sales call time focused on self-installation instructions and our mobile retail channel has been partially impacted. Also beginning in mid-March, we introduced three COVID-19 related offers and programs for our customers. In today's materials, we provided an addendum showing customer counts for each of these. I expect we'll continue to report this addendum for a couple of quarters to provide investors the transparency on the impact of our COVID-19 related offers and programs. The first of three offers available for customers is our 60 day free Internet offer for new Internet customers with students or educators in the household. We launched the offer in mid-March and it accounted for 119,000 of our 582,000 total Internet net additions in the quarter. At the end of March, we still had a large number of pending connects, in customers and the offer continue to grow at a fast pace in April. Interestingly, and uniquely, about 50% of the customers who participated in the offer in March chose to order additional products with immediate billing. The vast majority of these customers are taking our flagship Internet product at 200 megabits per second or 100 megabits per second, and a small minority subscribe to our low-income offer or our ultra and 1 gigabit premium offerings. The profile of these customers is very similar to the profile of our typical Internet customer acquisition stream, and while some of these customers will no longer subscribe to some of these services after 60 days, the payment trends for customers who took video and phone at the same time, already indicate to us that most of these customers will remain. The second offer of our customer category reflects customers under our 60 day keep Americans connected pledged to the FCC. These are customers who have indicated inability to pay for the service for COVID-19 related reasons. As of March 31, 140,000 residential customers were in this program, many who would have been in a collection cycle in normal circumstances, and only 1,000 of which had passed the point in the collection cycle, where we've -- normally disconnected their service at March 31. To give this some color, approximately 20% of the 140,000 customers today have balances which are fully current, and in total, nearly 50% have made partial or full payments entering into this protection program. However, approximately 65,000 of those customers now have past-due balances beyond the point of normal disconnections, meaning at the end of April. The number of customers requesting disconnection protection has continued to grow in April, and we expect it to grow further through the rest of Q2. We intend to work with these COVID-19 impacted customers to get them back in a good payment status, with the objective of fully continuing their service with us. The final category of customers we've isolated in our addendum, our SMB customers who have requested a seasonal suspension of service or temporary downgrade of a line of service, while their operations are closed or diminished. Certain restaurants, bars and hotels are good examples, where we've reduced service to a minimum level, and reduced the monthly bill, until these customers fully reopen. We also expect this category to grow in Q2. So what does all this mean beyond temporary ARPU dislocation and back-end subscriber risk? First, even if you exclude the impact of these offers and programs from our first quarter results, residential customer relationships and Internet grew at a faster pace year-over-year, that remains our long-term opportunity. Second, customers may move in, out or between these categories over time, as the economy contracts and ultimately expands. Our issue is not demand for our products, it will be our customers' ability to pay and how we help them in that respect over time. So, until we have a better sense for the depth and the duration of the COVID-19 crisis and its economic impact, it's difficult for us to project what the help we offer our customers will look like. However, we think we could end up creating more value over the long term, as we continue to treat our customers and our employees well. With that in mind, I'd like to expand on Tom's remarks as it relates to our business outlook and where we're likely to see pressure and opportunities over the coming months and quarters, depending how and when the economy reaccelerates. For our residential and mobile services, the quality and value of our products are clear and demand is high, with Internet up in March significantly, even without the COVID-19 related offers. And video and phone also saw positive net adds in March, at least temporarily. Looking forward, the risk of the household formation growth will be impacted. The other issue will be customers' ability to pay either via their wages or extended employment benefits under the Cares Act or other stimulus packages. And if, how and over what period of time, you can get some customers to repay back balances when they are able to make payments again. So there are all kinds of questions here, about financial presentation, accounts receivables revenue recognition, bad debt provision, and write-offs, which really reflected in Q2 and will work through in the coming months and quarters, and we intend to provide our investors transparency, as we go through our unique reporting exercise. When the economy begins to recover and assuming our customers can pay us, I expect our residential business will be in a good shape. SMB represented $3.9 billion of revenue for us last year or 8.5% of our total revenue. In the back half of March, we began to see softness in our SMB sales, where essentially our direct sales force has been on hold and that channel is a larger contributor to SMB sales than it is to residential. We estimate that less than 20% of our SMB customers are restaurants, hotels, bars, theaters and the like, many of which will struggle in this downturn. We are working with all of our SMB customers in this difficult time, and believe we can return to growth in an economic recovery. We expect to retail base for enterprise to be more stable. In March and April, we saw significant demand from healthcare and government segments to upgrade and add new services, which is taking the place of new connects and other areas. But we expect new sales to taper off in retail services growth in the short term, for enterprise will be moderated by customers' willingness to make changes, particularly for physical services in this climate. We will have an offsetting benefit in churn, but absent higher new sales, it will be difficult to grow retail enterprise significantly in the short term. For Spectrum Reach, our advertising group the second quarter will be challenging. March revenue was below our expectations by more than $30 million due to cancellations and the April variance was more than double that amount. We are proactively working with clients to move their advertising spend from sports events to reach their audiences in different places or to move out there orders generally. We believe there is an opportunity to both recover and earn more advertising business, once the economy picks back up. We still expect significant political spend in the back half of this year, so the full year impact won't be as dramatic on a year-over-year basis. Those are the short-term revenue challenges and the long-term opportunities, what are the potential offsets in our cost structure? Churn across all of our subscription services was already declining significantly before the crisis. Lower churn and voluntary churn is declining even more now, but new sales will also decline, all of which says that we expected much lower level of service calls, truck rolls, installations, commissions and labor-related activity, that applies to residential, SMB and enterprise. As Tom mentioned, self-installation is now over 90%, up from 55% in the first part of the first quarter, and with utilization of digital self-care up over 30%, our integration investments and our self-service platforms and portals are paying off. The current prices has accelerated customers' adoption curve for digital service, and we don't think it goes back to where it was. So outside of bad debt and some accelerated wage increases to our frontline, our cost of service will decrease with less activity. Employee turnover will decline and hiring activity is likely to slow across the business, which has direct cost and tenure benefits, and we think any remaining EBITDA shortfall relative to our plans would likely be offset by CapEx, that would be lower than previously expected, due to higher self-installation, lower churn, the timing of scalable infrastructure spend and potential construction delays. So that's how we believe the model will flex. What we don't know, is the depth and duration of a recession, but we like our business model, how we manage the business across various climates and we believe we can grow long-term. It's probably a good transition to the balance sheet and our liquidity profile. As Tom mentioned, we have done a lot of modeling to stress test our balance sheet under various economic scenarios. We finished the quarter with $2.9 billion of cash and $4.7 billion of availability under our revolver. In early March, at the beginning of the COVID-19 crisis, we priced a long-dated high yield financing at an all-time low coupon, and on April 17, we issued $3 billion of our tightest coupons ever for 10-year and 30 year investment grade tranches. Pro forma for those investment grade bonds and recently called debt at March 31, we had $8.4 billion of total available liquidity. As of the end of the first quarter, our net debt to last 12 month adjusted EBITDA was 4.4 times or 4.3 times, if you look at cable only. In that respect we've already been deleveraging slightly. Pro forma for our recent financing activities, our weighted average cost of debt is only 4.9% and the weighted average life of our debt is 12.2 years, with more than 90% of our debt maturing beyond 2022. We have a schedule on slide 13 of today's presentation, which puts our maturity profile in perspective relative to last year's cable EBITDA. Together with our significant liquidity and positive free cash flow, we remain in a very good position to finance our operations organically, as well as through the capital markets, which remain open to Charter. As it relates to our stock repurchases, we've been under a 10b5-1 plan which was entered into, right before the COVID-19 crisis began here in the U.S. Due to lower share prices in March, we purchased more the target volume in March than April. We have never provided guidance on buybacks, because we think it can encourage bad decision making relative to better alternative uses of cash over time. So we're going to be thoughtful and responsive to where we think the economy is going, our stock price, our liquidity and any organic or organic opportunities, inorganic opportunities which may arise. While the current environment does suggest caution in the short term, we are not modifying our 4 to 4.5 times leverage target range today and we'll continue to monitor the economic climate and the interest rate market and regularly evaluating our leverage target. We know that we have a high quality resilient asset with dedicated employees across our local communities and we've invested significantly in our network and people over the years and there is high demand for our product across every part of our footprint, in both homes and businesses in good times and bad, which is why we continue to aggressively build out more broadband passings, and ensure that our network is well invested, ready and working for future opportunities. Our goal is to stay focused on what we do well, and execute a proven operating strategy that works for customers and employees across various economic and regulatory climate, to create shareholder value over the long term. Operator, we're now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Craig Moffett: Hi, thank you. I wanted to sort of take a bigger picture question for a moment, just given the strength of your results and the enviable position that you find yourself in of having a business that is relatively resilient in this kind of a market, what are the things that you can do, that sort of take advantage of the dislocation, whether it's more edge-outs, potentially acquisitions, a faster move in acquiring spectrum and trying to take some share in wireless, how do you think about using this dislocation as a way to make your business stronger, when we come out the other side of this disruption?
Tom Rutledge: Craig, obviously we think about that every day and we have some cash on hand to be opportunistic, if there is an opportunity that would require investment. But, the biggest opportunity we see, is to continue doing what we're doing and just doing it better and well and being able to execute better and well and continue to succeed in the marketplace. Our biggest opportunity as a company is to continue to create customer relationships, and we think that we have a great set of assets that we've put together and invested in properly and therefore, we have advantages in terms of the products that we can sell relative to others at the moment, and we have a high quality, high skilled workforce that's capable of generating and operating activity, and that's our biggest direct upside, and we think we could continue to operate well and execute well going forward and to the extent that we're better at that than others, we create more value, more quickly.
Craig Moffett: Thank you, that's helpful. If I could just ask another, maybe slightly more prosaic question just given all the attention being paid to sports right now, can you just talk about the way you'd like to see the issue of sports payments to RSNs and national sports networks work out and the pressure to rebate to customers and that sort of thing?
Tom Rutledge: Yes. Well look, I mean we've talked for years about the reality of programming costs and how sports drives the bulk of the programming cost. If you look at our average cost of programming per customer in the high $60 range on average, that's the wholesale cost that we're planning for customer. My guess is that, if sports was not involved in the negotiations for the creation of that cost, that it would be less than half of what it is. So sports is the major driver in the cost of content, and obviously it makes the whole product difficult to sell because of the cost that consumers have to pay and the effect of -- I mean just simply, it's a very expensive product and people have a hard time paying for it. The reality is that, we would love to pass through the sports programming costs back to the customer, if it isn't paid or the events don't occur. There is still a big question about whether the games are going to be playing, and if they are played, most likely, the costs will not be rebated to the customers. So, I don't -- at this point in time, we have a structure in the industry in how we pay for content. It's all bundled together and tied together contractually and we have very little control over directly. So we'd love to see our customers relieved if they can be. Ultimately, it's the athletes who are getting the money and at some point, somebody has to give up their money and give it back to the customer and that hasn't happened yet.
Craig Moffett: Thanks, Tom.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Craig. James, we will take our next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant with Evercore. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Vijay Jayant: Thanks. Tom, given that you obviously have exposure across the country, can you just talk about how the markets are different for areas like New York and California, where lockdown started early and compared to the other markets, are you sort of seeing any sort of green shoots, as some of these states start opening up and any sort of change in direction of business? And then just a simple question on the network, obviously, it's highly resilient right now, but I'm assuming that from the work-from-home orders right now that data transfer is becoming more symmetrical and your upstream on your network is not conducive for that kind of thing, I think. Can you sort of help us think about, is there any stress on the network from that side and what needs to be done, if any? Thanks.
Tom Rutledge: Well in terms of variation by various parts of the country, obviously there are reopenings occurring and we're preparing to operate differently in different parts of the country, depending on what the local regulatory climate is with regard to what's allowed from a business practice perspective. As an essential business, we've been operating the whole time, and obviously we have to keep our business running. So we've been running it under the tightest conditions that exist in terms of what we can do and how we have to take care of our employees and how we have to take care of our customers. So as we begin to see places opening up, we are preparing to respond to the local markets individually and to project our capability locally. I can't tell you that I can see at this moment any differences from one location to another, in terms of -- New York City's a unique place, but it's unique in every way, always is, but broadly speaking, we've been locked down everywhere until now and...
Chris Winfrey: We are growing market share everywhere.
Tom Rutledge: We are growing consistently everywhere. Now in terms of the future of the network and the load on it, we've been able to handle the very quick change in demand and one interesting thing about -- the demand has gone up a lot in terms of network utilization, but it's also spread out. You build your network to maximum peak utilization and not total utilization. So it's the Mother's Day call effect from a network build perspective. You build for the one day a year, when you need every bit of your network. And the network has been built and it's absorbed what we think of, as a year's worth of augmentation in a few weeks. But the general trend that we now see in a few weeks, has been going on for quite a long time, and we expect it to continue. And so we have a pathway in terms of our assets to developing what we think the future communications is, including an upstream capability, as upstream utilization continues to grow. So that's what we call 10G, it's also called DOCSIS 4.0, in terms of the way we describe it from a specifications perspective. But we are still rapidly moving down the path of augmenting our networks in smart ways and capital efficient ways to continue to allow capacity to grow and to create new products that are hard to even envision, and we think that we're very well positioned to do that over the long term, it's going to require continued investment, but a proportional investment that's significantly less than any sort of brand-new build. So we think we're in a great position to make those investments and to realize the benefits of them, and to create the new products that are going to come from the. But we don't have an immediate upstream problem and we don't have a downstream problem, we have opportunities in both places in the long run.
Vijay Jayant: Thanks so much.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Vijay. James, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike McCormack from Guggenheim Partners. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Mike McCormack: Hey guys, thanks. Tom, maybe just a quick question on Spectrum. I know you mentioned the FCC's move recently. Does that change your appetite in any way for the CBRS spectrum auction later this year? And then thinking about sports rights, I know you touched on it briefly, but what are your thoughts, just more generally, on the value of sports rights coming out of all this? Thanks.
Tom Rutledge: Well, in terms of the -- good -- I understand your question, are you saying that the FCC's 6 gigahertz WiFi Spectrum affect our valuation of CBRS? The answer is no. They're really separate notions. I look at the 6 gigahertz spectrum as inside-house type spectrum; so all of our products are delivered wirelessly. So the real issue is mobility versus stationary or sedentary behavior, and the 6 gigahertz spectrum is really for in-house, high capacity use for a whole new set of products that will come along. The CBRS spectrum really allows for a more efficient use of the mobile platform, at least the way we look at it. Although it could be used indoors as well and it could be used indoors, both for mobile service and enterprise environments and externally and so we see them as separate notions and separate values and it hasn't affected -- one hasn't affected the other, in our view. Regarding sports rights, everybody misses sports and it really -- it obviously is an extremely valuable product and it is the glue that holds the bundle together, and you know, assuming that sports come back and that leagues generally play, the secular trends that are going on shouldn't change, in my view, the same forces will exist going forward that existed before the crisis. So absent a complete collapse of the sports business, I don't see a major change.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Mike. We will take our next question, James, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Rollins with Citi. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Michael Rollins: Thanks and good morning. I was curious if you could frame some of the scenarios that you were running for your SMB customers and trying to think through the exposure and how you frame the bad debt reserves in the quarter? Thanks.
Chris Winfrey: Sure.
Tom Rutledge: Yes, go ahead.
Chris Winfrey: Mike, on the SMB; I mean, I'd just put it a little bit in perspective, it's 8.5% of our revenue and so you can get to some pretty wicked scenarios and it's still doesn't have that material of an impact to the company. Certainly, when you're talking about liquidity our balance sheet perspective. It has an impact on the revenue growth rate for the entire company and so I think, given some of the stats that I was providing inside the prepared remarks, the idea was that people can take your own view of how bad, in particular, that segment of bars, restaurants and theaters could be hit and for how long and that will give you some sensitivity of what the trough looks like. We are not anymore than anybody else in terms of the depth and duration of the recession, but that's why we wanted to give some of those starts to give a framework for you think about it. The second question was -- first one was SMB, the second was?
Michael Rollins: How you are seeing the bad debt.
Chris Winfrey: Well, every company has had to modify to new GAAP standard, which requires you to estimate your bad debt reserves for the receivables that you have at a period of time, as opposed to when they age. And so you've heard everybody talk about that this quarter. We're no different. We had in total between cable mobile, about $30 million of additional bad debt as an estimate for what might not be payable on the accounts receivables that existed at the time of close. In Q2, let me start maybe back with the first objective. Our goal through all of this, is A, to do well by the customer, by providing good offers for remote education, as well as for in this case, keep America connected pledge. But our goal is also not going to be to quickly get into a collection environment and cut them off. Our goal is going to be to keep these customers. And in the second quarter, to the extent that we work with the customer to right-size their receivable, some of that could impact the revenue recognition inside of Q2, and some of that for a financed a portion that they may need to pay back over time, could impact our estimate for bad debt reserve. That will apply for residential and SMB. And so, when I mentioned in the prepared remarks that we're going to have a lot of technical accounting and reporting issues to deal with in Q2, it's true, but we're going to be focused on not the accounting outcome or how Q2 is going to look, we're going to be focused on what's the right long-term outcome for the customers, and for the company and make sure that the accounting does what's appropriate on the back end. But I think will be a little bit of noise and we'll make sure that we disclosed any revenue impacts in any bad debt impacts in our Q2 reporting.
Tom Rutledge: So, that's kind of an accounting explanation. The way I look at bad debt is have you created customers and that you keep them and do they pay you? And if you create customers and they pay you, that's good and if you don't get a lot of bad debt. And, when I look at the customers that we're creating, we have -- they're taking our high quality products in the residential space and they, from a profile perspective, they look like the customers that we've always created, and so they're going to be affected by the macro climate, obviously, but we have products that we can sell to those customers that have value regardless of what -- where they fall in the income range, we sell to very poor people and we sell to very rich people and we have a product mix that can work across the entire marketplace. So, I'm confident that we can create valuable customer relationships through time. Even in the small business arena, we're still creating customers today, and even in -- if you think about the restaurant business which is closed, the vast majority of those customer relationships are still intact. They still want websites and they may have taken out businesses or whatever, but even if the business is closed, doesn't mean that they don't want to have a relationship with us.
Michael Rollins: Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Mike. James, we will take our next question.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Peter Supino with Bernstein. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Peter Supino: Hey, thank you. When you all analyze the improvements in churn, what are the drivers of that other than the all-digital upgrade that we've talked about at length and the in-sourcing of customer service? I wonder if your performance in the Legacy Charter territories continues to provide any helpful data to answer this question?
Tom Rutledge: What's good for churn? Look churn was before the impact of COVID, our churn was coming down steadily and we've all -- everything we've done post-COVID has been consistent with the strategies that we had before, in terms of having high quality service, high quality products, high quality workers, in-sourced in the United States, who are trained and capable of providing excellent service. If you do that, you have less activity, and the ultimate value proposition that drives the cost to serve is activity. I mean, if you can -- if your service is better and your products have longer lives, inherently, you have less activity per dollar of revenue generated, which means that you have a higher margin or lower cost to serve. And churn is one of the measurement of customer satisfaction. It's also a measure of mobility in the economy and other things of that nature, but all of those things being held constant, if your churn rate is going down, it means your customer satisfaction is going up, because your products are better and that's been our objective in terms of managing the company and still is. So the legacy Charter platform, churn was coming down and legacy Time Warner platform and legacy Bright House platform, churn was coming down across all of those businesses, and cost to serve was coming down too because of the self-installation models and all digital models in terms of digital type flows that we created, allow for ease from a consumer perspective of dealing with us and less friction than the actual transaction, because a point is necessary to keep for that process to occur, and all of that creates less activity and higher satisfaction, which is a very virtuous cycle in the sense that, if you have less activity and you have less failure in your activities, meaning you have less service calls, you will have less missed appointments, you actually create more satisfaction, which extends subscriber life even longer, which by itself, reduces activity. So that was the path we were on and it's still, I believe in the path we're on. It's a little bit confused by the volume that we're currently under. We've had an enormous uptick in activity in the last two months due to sales. And interestingly, we've created in the last 60 days, 10,000 new broadband customers a day, so 600,000 customers in 60 days. That's a lot of work and we've done that pretty seamlessly.
Peter Supino: Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Peter. Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Chaplin with New Street Research. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thanks. Two quick ones, if I may. Tom for you, you mentioned that the importance of the sort of the secular trends in sports haven't changed. I'm wondering if you can touch on some of the secular trends in the business that you think have changed, how the business is going to look different when we come out of the current environment? And then, Chris, I think you said that non-programming costs were down year-over-year when you exclude the COVID impact from wages and bad debt, is that a trend that you would have expected to continue throughout the year, but for the impact of the pandemic? And then, should we annualize that $30 million and $25 million of COVID related impact or does it sort of flow differently as we go through the year? Thank you.
Tom Rutledge: So Jonathan, on secular change. I would say it this way, I don't know that they're permanently changed, but they are permanently advanced. Meaning, we took years of secular change and compressed it into a very short period of time, and we're not going to go back to the original trend line. We may have just moved way up the trend line. And I think network utilization is one of those, and I think customer self-serve is the other and the cost to serve, as a result of that. We were already fairly down -- far down the road in the customer self-service model, and we were fortunate when we got hit with what we did, and with the marketing tactics that we employed, that we were able to actually deal with it, because we had started the quarter in the 55% range, I think of self-installation and we were about at 70%, when everything changed, and we're over 90% now of self-installation. So the fact that we were already at 70%, allowed us to get to 90% with a fair degree of operational efficiency. And so we were prepared fortunately at that moment. But I think that's a big change in the business going forward and I think people using Zoom and other kinds of two-way communications in a work like environment in their homes is probably advanced by a number of years for the long term.
Chris Winfrey: And Jonathan, you -- go ahead.
Jonathan Chaplin: I was going to say, just a follow-up on that and this is probably directed at you Chris, going from 55% to 90%, what does that do for margins in a year or maybe two years when we get out of this environment? How much are margins structurally higher because of that?
Chris Winfrey: Yes, I don't want to get into a percentage margin discussion. But the cost of a self-installation is about a third of the cost of a professional install and the benefit of that ensures to both OpEx and CapEx, depending on what type of installation it is. So it's significant. But keep in mind that we were already at 55%, we would have been at 70% by the end of the quarter, absent the acceleration. Your second question was on non-programming expense. There is marketing, there is advertising expense, there's enterprise expenses in this, so I prefer to think about cost to service customers, which is really the residential and SMB cost to provide network operations, field operations and customer service operations to call centers and billing. Just the bulk of our costs. That cost, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, absent leaving side just bad debt was down year-over-year in gross dollars, and it was down as a per relationship basis. And I know I've cautioned in the past that what we're committed to is, that per relationship to cost to serve is going to continue to decline, and I've been hesitant to say that the dollar cost to serve, excluding bad that would also decline on a gross basis. Clearly, it would've inside of Q1 year-over-year and given that we do expect -- once we get beyond April, April has been a high activity month. We think that transaction -- sales transactions and move churn and all of the different service transactions will start to slow down. And so that could actually accelerate excluding bad debt, the cost to serve declines year-over-year, certainly on a per relationship basis. So, I think the trends there are good and they continue -- there is an increase in the amount of our labor expense, because we accelerated the path that Tom was already putting the company on, to a $20 minimum wage and that was $30 million in the quarter for really a month and a half of expense. So yes, that will get annualized at the appropriate rate. But I think that's a small dollar amount relative to the amount of transactions that come out of the business and I think our operating strategy fully funds that, and the acceleration of the adoption of self-service and self-install are very helpful and making that viable for not just our employees, but for all stakeholders.
Jonathan Chaplin: Great. Thanks, Chris.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Jonathan. Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks, good morning. I just want to ask you both about two comments you made in the prepared remarks. Tom, you've been in the business for a long time and you've been through lots of cycles and I don't think I'm breaking news to say that the cable company historically has not had the best customer reputation and even reputation with sort of regulators and politicians. And you mentioned sort of the reputational benefits that the company is seeing, I'm just wondering if you have sort of conviction in that being sustainable or any real data behind that, because obviously that has not been the lens with which cable operators historically have been looked at? And then, Chris, you were talking about capital allocation and the buyback. You mentioned organic or inorganic opportunities. Just wondering, if you could just take a minute to remind us of kind of your M&A framework and sort of the kinds of things you guys historically have talked about either being interested in or not interested just so we can flesh out that comment a little bit more. If you're willing? Thanks.
Tom Rutledge: Well, Ben, I -- and I've always loved the cable industry and what it does. And I've always thought that it has done great things consistently. As you think about the upsides of our reputation, we transform telecommunications and if you think -- I remember just 15 years ago, 20 years ago the average wireline phone bill was $75 in the New York area, today it's $9.99. And if you look at what the cost of broadband was, particularly on a per-gigabit basis, think about dial-up, AOL dial-up in the year 2001, when they acquired Time Warner, was $20 bucks a month, then you got 56K. The cost of broadband has gone way down and the telecommunications outputs of the investments that the cable industry has made have been tremendous in terms of the benefits that it's created for consumers. Nobody likes paying their cable bill and nobody likes paying for programming costs, and that's always been a difficult aspect of our business, since we've had competition in video, since the rise of satellite and the cable industry had to divest itself of programming essentially, because of the vertical integration rules. The programming cost have increased massively, because programming is a copyright, which is a legal monopoly and they've had pricing power over a competitive video business and consumers don't like that and -- but now you have the rise of a-la-carte direct-to-consumer programming in Netflix and Warner Home Media and Disney and so forth, and so a lot of our customers have the video they want to buy at prices they want to pay and so I think it's -- the biggest driver of negativity in the cable business I think has been the price of video, and to some extent that's breaking up. So I'm relatively optimistic about our status and I think that when you really look at it objectively, we have done great things and I think that the facilities based competition model that we have in the country has done a really great job of producing really high quality communication services consumers.
Chris Winfrey: Then on the M&A framework, on the inorganic side, I think the prospect is probably more actionable on the organic side, some of the things that Tom has also talked about in the past, but on the inorganic side would be M&A. Nothing has changed with the way that we think about opportunities we -- as Tom just mentioned, we love cable. At the right price we would do cable all day long and that means tack-ons, which means do frequently as we can, as well as bigger acquisitions. That hasn't been the case today. They are mostly family, controlled or family owned and so that will be not in our hands, that will be in the hands of others who decide that. We have looked all around to see if there's anything on the content side, we haven't found anything that really matches up well with our assets and capabilities. Other than some of the local news that we've expanded to organically and that makes a lot of sense for us, and particularly in this environment, it has been a big asset. We've thought a lot about wireless. I think in the assets that we have, the ability to deploy small cells, the attractive MVNO that we have, we haven't found a scenario that made a whole lot of sense for us or for the industry. There are cases that we can take a look at to accelerate growth, whether that's in enterprise or whether that's in wireless technology, where we've made some minority and some joint investments with Comcast. Same would apply to advertising, but none of those are going to be particularly material. They will be great for those segments of business and the ability to accelerate growth hopefully, but it's not going to be something that really materially shows up on the balance sheet and impacts our liquidity. All of which leads you back to and I think unless Tom has got something got something else he'd add, leads you back to -- we think the organic opportunities and if you can't buy somebody else's cable stock, buying more of your stock at some point in the future is probably between organic and that is where we have ended up in the meantime.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you, both.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Ben. James, will take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich from Bank of America. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thanks. I was just wondering, if you could talk about maybe some of the new offers for customers? I think I saw something that you're doing with Sirius. Could you talk about any plans you have for Peacock? Do you need to wait for your NBCU renewal at the end of the year? And then finally In terms of customer offers does the AT&T promo offer for HBO impact the way you would sell or offer HBO?
Chris Winfrey: I had a hard time hearing. So the first question was any new offers including, I think the Sirius trial that we've run out in the marketplace was the question there. And then the second was Peacock, and whether that needs to -- that could happen now or needs to wait until the future renewal. And the third was the HBO Max, to the extent that it impacts the way that we sell the -- or package the HBO product.
Tom Rutledge: In terms of our offer strategy, I wouldn't disclose those before we do them. We experiment with various offers through time. But not to minimize our marketing prowess, but we -- ultimately it's -- do you have good products and are they worth that cost and that's what affects your ability to sell and succeed in the marketplace. But we experiment with the marketing tactics all the time, and Sirius is one of them, and so we don't have any announcements about future tactics that we might employ. In terms of Peacock, we have ongoing discussions with NBC and we haven't concluded anything yet. In terms of HBO Max, we just completed an agreement with AT&T, and we're going to convert our customers who have HBO to the new product and then we're going to market the new product as part of our overall video offering. And we look forward to doing that.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Jessica. Operator, we'll take our last question please.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of John Hodulik from UBS. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
John Hodulik: Great. I'll make it quick. First, I guess just two quick ones. First, Chris on the comment on the March advertising I guess  or April advertising I guess you said it's twice as  variance is twice what you saw in March. Is that  I mean that were down sort of 36% so far in April and any color you could give on what you think  how the quarter is going to shape up there? And then on the CapEx question, you said given the outbreak, it will likely come in lighter than you previously expected, which is already lower capital intensity. Any magnitude of change there and if you could give us any color on the buckets would be great too? Thanks.
Chris Winfrey: So the -- and the April comment that I made was really not related to the percentage decline year-over-year, it was really the variance to our, what would have been our expectation. So $30 million we had literally come off the books in March. It was already sold, came off the books. So over twice that, that came off the books for April. We think that will probably be the trough in April, small, start recovery in May and maybe depending on how they openings occur, June start to come back. So Q2 is going to be a rough advertising. It's not a big part of our business, but it's going to be a rough advertising quarter. We do think as things come back online, there'll be some pent-up demand for advertising on the core local, which for us has been growing, our core business has been growing at 3% to 4% year-over-year, on top of that there will be pent-up demand. So whenever the market opens back up and a lot of that tied to the health of SMBs and when the recession or when the distancing starts to open back up, Q2 will be the rougher point, and then the back half of the year will have political advertising, which takes a little bit -- for a full-year perspective, takes a little bit of the sting out of the collapse that we're seeing inside of Q2. And there's nothing about us that's unique there. The CapEx side, I think, it's way too early. I think all we're signaling at this point is that, we've been focused on a lot of different activities right now and there is the possibility that some of the programs that we've had, it might be slightly delayed. Construction could be slightly delayed. Your installation CapEx certainly -- on one hand, going to be lower, because of a lower unit cost, because self-installation on the other hand. We're doing a lot of installations. The volume is very-very high as Tom mentioned. So, there's a lot of moving parts there, but if we had to guess, I will probably be slightly off relative to the dollar amount that we intend to spend. I think Craig asked at the very beginning of the Q&A, are there areas that we could accelerate our spend, given the strength of our balance sheet and the strength of the business and we'll be moving from a reactive mode into very much a proactive to thinking about how -- what are the things that we could do longer term to even take more advantage of the assets we have. So, I don't want to prejudice too much other than to say, right now and the path that we are on, it probably looks like it would be slight minimal lower dollar amount than we intended to spend.
Tom Rutledge: The thing I would say about capital spending is, we talked about it in terms of pressure testing really, and we haven't changed our commitment to the projects that we're building and the products that we're building, and we're continuing to take the business forward. But a lot of our capital is success based, and so it's modulated automatically by customer creation. And so to the extent that the market moves around based on the macroeconomic effects, so does capital.
John Hodulik: Got it. Thanks guys.
Stefan Anninger: Operator, that concludes our call.
Tom Rutledge: Thank you all very much.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's call. We do thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to Charters Fourth Quarter 2019 Investor Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that todays call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Stefan Anninger.
Stefan Anninger: Good morning and welcome to Charter's fourth quarter 2019 investor call. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com, under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K filed this morning. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call. However, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect management's current view only and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements or to make additional forward-looking statements in the future. During the course of today's call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures, as defined by Charter, may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. Please also note that all growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise specified. Joining me on today's call are Tom Rutledge, our Chairman and CEO; and Chris Winfrey, our CFO. With that, let's turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Rutledge: Thank you, Stefan. Our operating strategy continues to deliver strong results and we remain focused on driving customer growth by delivering superior services and value to our customers, improving the quality of our operations by reducing unnecessary service transactions and truck rolls per customer, delivering sustainable free cash flow growth by driving EBITDA growth while reducing capital intensity; and finally, positioning our company for long-term customer relationship growth with current and new products by continuing to evolve a fully converged network that delivers high speed, low latency, seamless connectivity services inside or outside customers homes and sanitary environment around the move. In 2019 we created over 1.1 million new customer relationships, substantially more than 2018. And we added over 1.4 million new Internet customers, also more than 2018. We grew our full year cable adjusted EBITDA by 6.6% in a non-political advertising year. And combined with our lower cable capital expenditures, our 2019 cable free cash flow grew by over 100% year-over-year. We expect that our cable EBITDA growth combined with our declining capital intensity, and disciplined capital deployment strategy will drive continued strong free cash flow growth. Our mobile business is a strategic extension of our core connectivity capabilities today and in the future and it continues to grow. We now have well over 1 million mobile lines in service with over 900,000 of those added in 2019 at an accelerating pace. In 2019, we saw a substantial reduction in service transactions per customer relationships. And those improvements were reflected in lower per relationship [repair] calls, trouble call, truck rolls, and billing calls. We also performed fewer physical installation truck rolls giving growing levels self-installation activity. Looking forward to 2020, we're well positioned to continue to reduce service activity per customer, given a higher level of customers in Spectrum pricing and packaging, the completion of our in-sourcing program and increasingly experienced in-source call center and field operation workforces, the overall improving quality, reliability and maintenance of our network, greater levels of online service activity, self-service activity and growing levels of self-installation activity as I mentioned, which in the fourth quarter exceeded 50% of sales. So in 2020, these lower levels of overall service activity per customer relationship should continue improvements in customer satisfaction, lower churn and reduction in cost to service customer relationship. Our in-home connectivity product set also continues to improve with 85% of our residential Internet customers now receiving minimum Internet speed of 100 megabits or more and nearly half receiving minimum speed of 200 megabits or more. We continue to outperform in megabits, our ultra product and our gigabit speed tier across our entire footprint. We made our network capable of providing gigabit service everywhere we operate using DOCSIS 3.1 technology over the course of 13 months for $450 million planned capital. Through our 10G plan, we also have a cost efficient pathway to offer multi-gigabit speeds and lower latency to consumers and businesses that continue to attach more devices to our network, use more and more data on a daily basis, demanding greater network responsiveness and reliability. During the quarter, we also continued to deploy our advanced home Wi-Fi capabilities to new markets beyond Austin, Texas, including Dallas, San Antonio, and closes of Southern California. Our advanced Wi-Fi capability provides enhanced security, privacy and app-based control of all IP devices in our consumers homes, while simultaneously delivering a superior customer experience to better in-home Wi-Fi coverage, and managed Wi-Fi solutions through dynamic band switching and channel optimization within the bands. So far, our deployment has gone well and we plan to rollout this capability throughout our entire footprint. Our Spectrum Mobile business continues to grow quickly, and we added over 280,000 lines in the fourth quarter more than we added in the third quarter. While it's still early, we believe that our results so far indicate our mobile product drives core connectivity, customer satisfaction and will generate standalone profitability at scale. We also continue to test tools and technology using CBRS spectrum by small cells mounted on our own high capacity two-way network. Our tests continue to go very well. We continue to add features and functionality to our Spectrum Mobile product. And in the first quarter, we plan to offer 5G mobile service. Now, I'll turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Winfrey : Thanks Tom. Before covering our results, a quick reminder that we closed the sale of Navisite managed cloud services business within the Spectrum Enterprise in September. We have not prepared pro forma financials of recorded results to include Navisite in fourth quarter of 2018, but not in fourth quarter 2019. For the next few quarters, I will discuss Enterprise revenue growth including and excluding Navisite for comparability. On an annual basis Navisite generated roughly $150 million in revenue and its impact on our EBITDA and CapEx was not material. Turning to our results on Slide 5. Over the last 12 months, we grew total residential and SMB customer relationships by over 1.1 million, or 4% and by 268,000 in the fourth quarter. Including residential and SMB, we grew our Internet customers by 339,000 in the quarter and by 1.4 million or 5.6% over the last 12 months. Video declined by 101,000 in the quarter, wireline voice declined by 128,000 and we added 288,000 higher ARPU mobile lines. At the end of the fourth quarter 85% of our residential customers were in Spectrum pricing and packaging. And residential customer relationship growth accelerated to 3.8% year-over-year. As we look at 2020 our goal is to accelerate our full year customer growth rate as we deliver highly competitive products with better service driving connects and reducing churn. In residential Internet, we added a total of 313,000 customers in the quarter, resulting in residential Internet customer growth of 5.4% year-over-year, driven by continuing churn improvements. In residential video, we lost 105,000 customers in the quarter, its primarily driven by lower video gross additions year-over-year. And in wireline voice, we lost 152,000 residential customers in the quarter driven by lower sell-in following our transition to selling mobile in the bundle, and continued fixed and mobile substitution in the market generally. Turning to mobile, we added 288,000 total mobile lines in the quarter driven by the value of our mobile product offers, growing brand and product awareness and increased sales effectiveness. As of December 31st, we had nearly 1.1 million lines with a healthy mix of both Unlimited and By the Gig lines. Spectrum Mobile continues to scale with less EBITDA loss per line even at an accelerating net addition rate. And that does not include any benefits to our traditional cable connectivity business. Over the last year, we grew total residential customers by just over 1 million or 3.8%. Residential revenue per residential customer relationship grew by 1.8% year-over-year given a lower rate of SPP migration and promotional campaign roll-off and rate adjustments. Those ARPU benefits were partly offset by a higher mix of non-video customers, a higher mix of streaming and lighter video packages within our video base and $29 million of lower pay-per-view revenue year-over-year in the quarter. Our cable ARPU does not reflect any mobile revenue, but Q4 especially benefited from the timing of the rate adjustments this year. The Slide 6 shows our cable customer growth combined with that elevated Q4 ARPU growth resulted in year-over-year residential revenue growth of 5.7%. Turning to commercial, SMB revenue grew by 6.3% faster than last quarter as the revenue effects from the repricing of our SMB products and Legacy TWC and Bright House continues as well. SMB customer relationships grew by 6.8% year-over-year. Enterprise revenue declined by 4.5% year-over-year driven by the sales of Navisite and the one-time cell tower backhaul fees that we mentioned as a benefit in fourth quarter of 2018. Excluding Navisite from the fourth quarter of 2018, Enterprise revenue grew by 1.3% in the fourth quarter of 2019. And excluding both cell tower backhaul and Navisite, Enterprise grew by 8.5%. I expect that retail portion of Enterprise to continue to grow nicely as the wholesale piece including cell tower backhaul will continue to be challenging. Fourth quarter advertising revenue declined by 23% due to less political revenue in 2019. Our non-political advertising grew -- revenue grew by 4.6% year-over-year primarily due to our advanced advertising capabilities, and recently deployed products that efficiently sell highly viewed long tailed inventory, using our own anonymized much more detailed viewing data. As we look to the full year 2020, we expect to continue that growth driven by our advanced advertising business and a healthy year of political revenue. Other revenues declined by 6.6% year-over-year driven by lower processing fees and lower home shopping revenues related to video subscriber declines partly offset by higher levels of videos CPE sold to customers. Mobile revenue totaled $236 million with $138 million of that being device revenue. In total, consolidated fourth quarter revenue was up 4.7% year-over-year. Cable revenue growth excluding mobile was 3.4% or 5.2%, when excluding advertising in both years and Navisite in 2018. Moving to operating expenses on Slide 7. In the fourth quarter total operating expenses grew by $165 million or 2.3% year-over-year. Cable operating expenses excluding mobile were essentially flat or up 0.6% when excluding Navisite. And that's despite strong relationship and revenue growth. Programming increased to 0.6% year-over-year, due to higher rates that was offset by video customer decline of 2.8% year-over-year, a higher mix of streaming and lighter video packages such as Choice and Stream and lower pay-per-view expenses year-over-year tied to the $29 million of lower pay-per-view revenue I mentioned. Looking at full year 2020, we expect programming costs per video customer to grow in the mid-single-digit percentage range. Regulatory, connectivity and produced content grew by 4.3% and that was driven by higher costs of video CPE sold to customers and original programming costs. Cost to service customers declined by 2.3% year-over-year, compared to 4% customer relationship growth. So we're meaningfully lowering our per relationship service costs through a number operating, quality and efficiency improvements, which is core to our strategy. Key metrics like calls per customer, truck rolls per customer and churn, self-install rates all continue to move in the right direction as Tom mentioned. Looking ahead, we expect further decline in cost to service customers on a per customer relationship basis but this quarters level of operational productivity was exceptional and it will be replicated every single quarter. Cable marketing expenses increased by 2.1% year-over-year, and other cable expenses were down 1.4% driven by lower ad sales costs, which reverses in a political year, and lower costs related to the sale of Navisite, which will carry through the third quarter of this year. Mobile expenses totaled $372 million and they were comprised of mobile device cost tied to device revenue, customer acquisition and usage costs and operating costs to stand up and operate the business. Our 2020 mobile EBITDA probably looks similar to 2019 due to growth and the scale of costs. But looking at it further, our current expectation is that in 2021, our mobile service revenue will exceed all regular operating costs, excluding acquisitions and growth related mobile costs. Turning to EBITDA, we grew total adjusted EBITDA by 8.8% in the quarter when including the mobile EBITDA startup loss of $136 million. Cable adjusted EBITDA grew by 8.9% in the fourth quarter, including a roughly 3% negative growth rate impact from advertising revenue net of its associated expense in both periods. Turning to net income on Slide 8, we generated $714 million in net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the fourth quarter versus $296 million last year. The year-over-year increase was primarily driven by higher adjusted EBITDA and the loss on financial instruments in the prior year period partly offset by higher income tax expense. Turning to Slide 9. Capital expenditures totaled $2.3 billion in fourth quarter with the cable CapEx declining about $200 million year-over-year, driven by the same CPE trends, DOCSIS 3.1 benefits and lower in-sourcing and integration costs Ive mentioned throughout the year. We spent $151 million in mobile related CapEx this quarter, which is mostly accounted for in-support capital, it was driven by software and development costs and retail footprint upgrades for mobile. In 2020, we expect our mobile capital expenditures to be similar to 2019 and then decline meaningfully in 2021 as that work will be behind us. And mobile CapEx outlook excludes any potential mid-band Spectrum acquisition build out, which would be based on a separate ROI evaluation. In 2020, we expect our cable CapEx intensity to continue to decline from the 15% in 2019. And on an absolute dollar basis we don't expect our cable capital expenditures to be meaningfully different from 2019 levels. Similar to what I just said about our mobile capital expenditures, if we find new high ROI projects during the course of the year with that accelerated spend on existing projects to drive faster growth, wed still do so. The Slide 10 shows, we generated $1.6 billion consolidated free cash flow in this quarter and excluding our investment in mobile, we generated $1.9 billion of cable free cash flow, up $700 million versus last year's fourth quarter. For the full year 2019, we generated $5.8 billion of cable free cash flow, up $3 billion versus 2018, despite a cable working capital headwind of $800 million this past year. For the full year 2020, we would expect cable working capital to improve significantly with a neutral to slightly negative impact on our cash flow. We still have typical seasonal swings including the first quarter, in which our working capital is almost always a use of cash. With respect to mobile working capital, we continue to add mobile customers at an elevated pace, which will continue to drive handset related working capital needs in 2020. In any event our free cash flow profile improved significantly last year. Were positioned to continue to couple our free cash flow growth with our return focused investment and capital strategy. We finished the year with $78.4 billion in debt principal and $74.9 billion in net debt. Our current run rate annualized cash interest is $4 billion. And as of the end of the fourth quarter, our net debt to last 12 months adjusted EBITDA was 4.45 times at the high end of our 4 and 4.5 times leverage range. And while calculating our leverage, we include the upfront investment in mobile to be more conservative than looking at cable-only leverage, which was now 4.31 times at the end of the fourth quarter. During the quarter, we repurchased 5.6 million Charter shares and Charter Holdings common units totaling about $2.6 billion at an average price of $459 per share. For the full year 2019, we repurchased over $7.6 billion of our equity. And since September 2016, we've repurchased over $27 billion, or a bit more than 25% of Charter's equity at an average price of $346 per share. Turning to taxes, on Slide 2, our tax assets are primarily composed of our NOL and our tax receivables arrangement with Advance/Newhouse, we now don't anticipate becoming a meaningful federal cash taxpayer until 2022 with some modest Federal cash tax payings beginning in late 2021, as we expect the bulk of our existing NOL to be utilized by the end of that year. For the years 2022 through 2024 we expect our Federal and state cash taxes to approximate our consolidated EBITDA, [less] [ph] our capital expenditures, and less our cash interest expense multiplied by 21% to 23%. That estimate would include part of our tax distributions to Advance/Newhouse captured separately in cash flows from financing in the financial statements. There are multiple factors that impact what I just described, and we're always looking for ways to improve our cash tax profile but it's a good baseline for today. So we're pleased with our results and we believe in our operating strategy, our network capabilities and the balance sheet strategy which all work in concert to create value over a long period of time. Charter has infrastructure assets with strong growth characteristics and cash flow yield. We have a lot of ancillary products to use for, and so on top of core connectivity services and combined with good value and service will drive cash flow growth with tax advantaged levered equity returns. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of John Hodulik from UBS. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
John Hodulik: Chris, you gave a lot of good detail on some of the cost metrics, as we look out into 2020. And the 200 basis points you guys saw in cable margin improvement this quarter, especially with the advertising headwind I think was really the highlight. But putting it all together in terms of the programming and cost to serve continuing to come down, how should we think of cable margin trends heading into 2020?
Chris Winfrey: Sure. On one hand, you had a headwind, as you mentioned, political advertising not being in the fourth quarter of 2019. On the other hand, we had some fairly exceptional pieces that were taking place as well as the timing of our rate increases earlier inside of Q4 2019 than it has been in prior years. So I think that results in higher ARPU for customer relationship growth in what would be a sustainable either prior to that quarter or inside of 2020. So you need to take that into account. I think that growth rate given the subscriber mix could look a lot more like what we saw for the full year of 2019 and that with what we saw in Q4. The second thing I'd mention is that programming has done very well on a gross and per customer relationship basis. I think it'll still do well relative to other years. But at least like a mid-single-digit per customer relationship growth in programming cost in 2020. And then finally, as I mentioned, the cost to serve was exceptional in the fourth quarter. Our cost to serve for customer relationship has been declining. It's going to continue to decline is our expectation. But to have an actual gross decline, significant one inside the quarter was a big step down. And I just would encourage people to replicate that every single quarter. So then working against that, again, I am not giving guidance but ways to help you to build a model, particularly later in the year, we expect to see a pretty good year for political advertising. So all-in, I think it's going to move around and it's not something that we actively manage inside the business. What were managing is can we grow our customer relationships faster? And that's our goal, which will then drive better revenue growth, continues to be our goal to grow faster. And it has been our experience and continues to be our goal to grow EBITDA at a faster rate than our revenue growth rate with or without a political advertising year. So that's I think the right way to think about that and not to get strategically hung-up in a particular quarter of year-over-year comparison on a margin rate to whats happening with the underlying trend.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Philip Cusick with JPMorgan. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Philip Cusick: Following up there, Chris, you talked about lower video gross ads year-over-year. Is that a result of fewer promotions and changed incentives? And you said the goal is to accelerate customer growth rate. How do you expect that to go from, in terms of gross ads and churn going forward? And then quickly a follow-up if I can on the in-sourcing program, you talked about it in your commentary. Where are we on the completion of that, and how much in terms of costs are still being duplicated as you in-source labor and everything else?
Chris Winfrey: Sorry, Phil, what was your second question? So first one is lower video gross ads, third one is status of in-sourcing program, and any double -- or what was the second one?
Philip Cusick: That was the gist of it?
Chris Winfrey: Alright, I thought there was a second. But anyway, lower video gross ads up -- I think it's more function of the marketplace more than anything else. We still believe in video as an our attractive piece to user connectivity package that we offer. Its an important attribute and its investment in growth of the traditional setup box as well as all of our IP platforms. And I don't know if Tom wants to add any more on that.
Tom Rutledge: Well, yes. The lower gross ads I think are a function of the marketplace. It's not material to what drives our economic model, but it is a nice small addition to our broadband connectivity business.
Chris Winfrey: And then on the in-sourcing program, the in-sourcing is essentially complete. We have well over 90% of our service calls are handled in-house and onshore. And then in the field service side, you need to have some contract labor available for PC guys that were well over 75% of our labor in in-source there. And that's been the case for both of those for some time now. There's very little in the way to talk about costs anymore that's in the system. I do think that it's going to continue to get better for all the reasons that Tom mentioned. The tenure of our employees gets longer, which means they get more experienced and better and do higher quality transactions with our own employees who have a career path at Charter. The amount of self-installation is going up. The number of calls and truck rolls are going down. The churn is going down. And the amount of digital transactions as Tom talked about is also going up which means less labor intensive service infrastructure. And I think that the trend is going to be with us for a long period of time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs.
Brett Feldman: Tom, you just mentioned how video still can be very complementary to your core broadband product. There are a number of new direct-to-consumer video products coming soon, whether it's HBO Max or Peacock and those providers have all said they're looking for distribution, including through MVPDs. I was hoping you could give us your updated thoughts around being a partner for some or all of them. And maybe some of the factors that you have to think through as you decide whether it makes sense, whether it's the economics, if there is technical issues, or just some strategic considerations that are weighing on whether or not you're intending to do this?
Tom Rutledge: Alright. Well, Brett, yes, there's an opportunity enough marketing direct-to-consumer products in our relationship with programmers and those relationships in many cases are also operating under the old model too, which is the bundled cable model. And we can hold both thoughts in our head at the same time. And so bundled products which I think will be selling for years to come, but also selling direct-to-consumer products and because of our customer relationship, because of the way we can package those products into our overall product mix, and the user interfaces that we developed with products like Flex are designed to help enhance. We have an opportunity to create and help programmers sell their content. And do that in a way that's mutually beneficial to both of us. And so we're working through those models with the various companies. We have already placed direct-to-consumer products like Netflix on our user interface and customers can purchase products directly from our user interface, other card product services, which we've been doing for a long time by the way. In many ways I look at these products like I look at pay TV. There are opportunities to enhance the video experience and part of the customer relationship. So we have ongoing discussions with all of the entities out there. And fundamentally, I think while there's a lot of dislocation going on in the video business, there's an opportunity in there for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne: Two questions for either of you or both of you. Tom, any change in how you're thinking about pricing the video business in particular? I don't know if you would characterize your rate adjustments in the fourth quarter as a change from prior philosophy or not. But at least it seemed to us like a more aggressive increase in your video pricing than you've done in the past. I was wondering if that reflects a change in your mind about how you manage the business? And then Chris mentioned in his prepared remarks sort of mid-band Spectrum and any acquisition build out there. I was just curious where your guide collective head was at on that opportunity, if thats something that's becoming more likely, less likely or just how we should be thinking about that as we go through this year and think about some options coming down the road?
Chris Winfrey: Ben, I think fundamentally, we didn't or havent changed anything with regard to our pricing strategy, which is price isnt the major component of how we drive our revenue growth, it's subscriber growth and we have accelerating subscriber growth. And we expect to continue to have accelerating subscriber growth, because we have the price strategy, we do with the product strategy, we do. And the bulk of our revenue growth comes from that. So, we have been passing-through things like retransmission consent fees and other things in the video business and looking at the margins in the video business, and the competitive environment in the video business and how we're priced, but our fundamental strategy is not different.
Ben Swinburne: And wireless?
Chris Winfrey: Mid-band spectrum? We're interested in mid-band spectrum, there's an auction coming up for CBRS. We're likely to participate in that auction. I think theres an opportunity for us. The SEC has been helpful in positioning that spectrum in a way that's an opportunity for us. And so we're carefully considering our auction there. We'll be Ben disciplined as you'd expect about ROI for us to -- in spectrum thats required; costs, what are the costs to build and whats the financial return for doing so, and where would you do it. So, I think people should expect that we will be disciplined around that first what we think is pretty attractive and then clearly the more mobile lines that we have, the more attractive that ROI is.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Craig Moffett: Two questions if I could. First on the wireless business, if I could just continue down that line of thinking. How much -- just given what you know today, how much traffic do you think you will eventually be able to offload with sort of thinking about as a percentage of total maybe, that you'd be able to offload under your own facilities if you think about where it might make sense to build where you have aerial infrastructure to be able to build? And is there any scenario where you would ever want to go to a full facilities based strategy where you would own your entire network? And then just back to the videos question for a second. How do you think differently about programming renewals just given the change in tone around your video strategy?
Tom Rutledge: So look on the wireless situation it's really a math question of what's a cost to pay for your MVNO rate and what's the cost to build, where's the traffic and what's -- how does all that work and that's the discipline that Chris was talking about. So, as we think about it, there's -- it depends on what you're paying for mobile traffic and what the economic traffic zone is in inside of a particular area and how you would switch that traffic. So I don't -- there's no immediate plan to change our fundamental relationship with our carriers. And -- but over time as the market evolves and speeds go up, and capacity goes up, the economics may change and we'll take advantage of those through time as the marketplace unfolds. With regard to programming, obviously, the biggest issue in the bundled package is price and a lot of people have been priced out of the market and we continue to negotiate contracts. And as penetrations in the overall distribution change, the relative value of the content changes and it changes the relationship and changes how much programming is worth to you as an operator. And so I don't expect the general circumstance of distribution could precipitously change over the next couple of years. I think we'll still have a big bundled product, but the relative pieces of that are changing in value and we will act appropriately in the marketplace.
Chris Winfrey: Craig, you had a sub question on the wireless side that asked if there is any scenario where we want to evolve in the networking. And so far we haven't seen anything that really demonstrates that need. We have a very good partner Verizon. It's going to very well. And they have a very strong microCell powered network. And so I don't think that there's any economic case that were seeing today that says we need to -- now we need partners within the interim partners for the years to come.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Chaplin with New Street. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Jonathan Chaplin : Just following on the question around cost of service. I just want a clarification. You said we shouldn't impute the same improvement in cost of service that we saw year-over-year this year or we shouldn't assume the same cost of service. That is something that would drive cost of service from here assuming what kind of quarter you passed there. And then related to that, I'm wondering if you can give us an update on where the Legacy Time Warner churn is relative to Legacy Charter churn and whether Legacy Charter churn is finally bottomed down or theres still opportunities for that to come down? Because it seems like the churn improvement was a big component of the improvement in cost of service.
Tom Rutledge: So you little gobbled there, Jonathan. But on the cost to serve, the cost to serve trend has continued to go down on a per customer basis. There are all sorts of reasons, that's true. I think Chris is trying to say that what the pace that is and how that will manifest itself quarterly isn't something that you should straight line and extrapolate. But the fundamental part that we're on in terms of customer self-serving using high quality service operations with well skilled people doing the work is reducing overall transaction volume. And this is the digitization and the definition of the network-as-a-software defined network and many of the operations becoming software defined. All of those things are taking fundamental operating costs out of the business and capital expenditures that we made over the last three years as a result of the integration puts us in a position to realize that upside. So that's the fundamental notion that he was trying to express. And Legacy TWC churn continues to be both elevated relative to Legacy Charter, but continues to be declining at a faster rate than Legacy Charter continues to decline.
Jonathan Chaplin : And it should be a gap now, it used to be ....
Tom Rutledge: Hey, Jonathan, you've got really bad cell signal and so this time around we couldn't hear anything on that question.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks Jonathan. Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich from Bank of America. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich : I have a follow-up. So I think it was Tom who said that you will accelerate or you expect to accelerate customer growth rate this year. And I was just wondering, if you could elaborate on that? Do you mean high speed data only or are you including video in here? And then you also Tom mentioned, Flex and I dont know if it was just in the context of direct-to-consumer services, but do you have plans to offer a service similar to Comcast Flex and/or can you talk about how you're thinking about the evolution of your broadband product that would differentiate -- make it more different besides speed, but that else is a differentiator?
Tom Rutledge: Well, when I spoke if accelerating growth, I was talking about high speed data and customer relationship growth accelerating. So that's what I meant by that. And in terms of Flex or similar products, yes, the answer is yes. There are a variety of IP relationships we have. We have one with Apple, selling IP devices through Apple. We have Roku devices that are product design. We've got millions of customers who subscribed to us directly through an app based product. And so our video product on the Internet or IP delivered cable TV and IP delivered over-the-top products are all being delivered through a variety of new technology platforms. Flex is one of those. And so the answer is, we're pursuing all the various opportunities in video that are available to us and including those in our broadband strategy. In addition to our -- we've enhanced our broadband through speed differentiation and taking our minimum speeds up. More than half of our customer base now gets a minimum speeds of 200 megabits as the slowest speed we saw. And we've enhanced that with our advanced Wi-Fi products, which deliver high quality service throughout the house, allow you to manage all the devices in your house, see what the service quality of those devices is and how they're connected to the network, as well as allow you to manage the privacy or the utilization of any of those devices throughout your house, so that you're secure, private and getting a high quality service everywhere inside your property and on the go. And so we continue to invest in the broadband platform to make it a better platform. And we continue to invest in legacy video and we continue to invest in the way legacy video transforms itself into a IP platform.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant With Evercore. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
James Ratcliffe: Hi, it's James Ratcliffe for Vijay. Two if I could. First of all Tom mentioned 10G is sort of the next phase and that with the 3.1 rollout done. Can you give us any idea of the timing or a magnitude of that sort of deployment? I assume it's differing in kind just degree to the $9 for home-pass so that 3.1 was? And secondly, in a slide you mentioned that the strategy in the business is not dependent on M&A. Can you talk about what you see the M&A landscape looking like both any opportunities for horizontal or if there are any incremental vertical acquisitions that would make sense?
Tom Rutledge: Sure. So with regard to 10G, we just upgraded the whole network to 1 gigabit everywhere. That was the $450 million capital project I mentioned over a 13 month timeframe. 10G is a set of technology specifications that the industry has developed that allows us to ultimately get to 10 gig symmetrical services, which are provided at very low latency, delivery specifications and allows you to put high compute capabilities throughout your network. And there is no immediate need to deploy a new upgrade in the marketplace today, but it's an evolution that we can invest in as we go forward. And it allows us to do that incrementally in a very cost efficient way, a lot less cost than it would cost to build a brand new network. And so we have no immediate capital deployment associated with it. But it's a variety of tools to incrementally get you to at least a 10 gig symmetrical. And there's -- we have already surpassed that capability in our laboratory testing. And so that's just a stake in the ground in terms of what the potential of our existing infrastructure is. With regard to M&A, first of all, we don't have anything that we're about to talk about. But the cable business is owned by controlled shareholders mostly through the United States. And I think we have a great business and lots of opportunity, and with the right combination of assets there's always value in scale and market approach. And -- but there's nothing for us to say at the moment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Bryan Kraft: I wanted to ask you a couple questions on CapEx. Can you talk about some of the puts and takes in scalable infrastructure capital? It's down quite a bit in 2019 from the prior couple of years. Just wondering how we should think about that spending category in the coming years relative to history. Is there a sort of normal level if you will? And then secondly on CapEx. As you reach the end of the SEC commitment for new homes passed, what should we expect in terms of a normal homes passed growth rate? Will it kind of be the -- just the rate of home growth in your footprint? The way it's been maybe historically over the years or do you see opportunities now to extend the network to existing premises that are currently off-net? Thanks.
Tom Rutledge: So with regard to scalable CapEx, Bryan, the -- we are getting advantages from the 3.1 deployment. And I think that those advantages, which are in with -- what the advantages is that the growth in Internet utilization on a per customer basis is a continuous investment required by us and the 3.1 so expanded the capacity of the plan that some of that scalable infrastructure capital that might have been in prior periods, isn't required right now. But that opportunity continues for a while yet, because once it's a function of the data usage per unit per customer. And interestingly our Internet-only customers now are using over 500 gigabytes per month, half terabytes of data usage. So it is something that continues to climb. And that's relative to a wireless average customer of [8], to put that in proportion. But the capital expenditure, I think will stay in that space similar to what it is now for some period of time, clearly 2020, because of the capacity thats been built by 3.1 and the evolution of traditional video towards DOCSIS, any of that opportunity. Homes passed, look, we build everything that we can build from a homes passed perspective without regard to the requirements of our consent decree. So, we've accelerated and actually built more passings than the consent decree required, and there's nothing going forward that would change the rate at which we're building other than the rate of household formation.
Chris Winfrey: And Bryan just on the CapEx, Tom mentioned we're temporarily depressed in 2019 and probably in 2020 for the continued DOCSIS 3.1 benefits. But if you think about the different line items for CapEx, our CPE which includes traditional installed, which is now our growing higher self installed, our CPE is declining and already the majority of that mix of CPE is more tied to Internet-related products as opposed to video products. As Tom mentioned, we've been building at an accelerated pace on the line extension. So I think that'll continue to be elevated with positive ROI attached to that build out. And the scalable while lower last year, probably this year as well, over time that's an area that we will continue to invest like we have in the past. And then in support, we continue to have not the same magnitude that we've had the past few years, but there's still a fair amount of integration -- [back into] the integration capital that's going on and you'll see that in the support category, whether that's through real estate or through IT systems. And so, whereas scalable may be temporarily lower, I think support is temporarily still higher. And that's the way the different pieces of CapEx will move over the short to medium term.
Bryan Kraft: And on-balance, continued declines in capital intensity as you look beyond 2020 for the most part?
Tom Rutledge: We don't see anything that changes the arch that we're on. And mobile will have its own trajectory, which I talked about in the prepared remarks, which we expected to step down significantly in 2021 but for any ROI based investment in spectrum and/or build out.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Bryan. James we'll take our last question, please.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line and Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Doug Mitchelson: I wanted to dig in more specifics on a couple of topics. Tom, I think to ask the question directly that I think folks were trying to, will you need to subsidize OTT video services to compete in broadband in the future against the likes of AT&T that's going to include HBO Max for certain customers. So, one, the competitive outlook going forward with broadband? Two, on the spectrum, it's super interesting that the conversations you've been having with us around wireless and the lack of the need for a physical network, I guess my question is, how much spectrum do you need because if you're just going after high capacity areas, I think you could do that with small amount of CBRS or CBM spectrum, 10 or 20 megahertz. But if you're going to build out 10 or 20 megahertz, you might as well build out more because the cost to build is sort of the same regardless of how many megahertz. So I'm just curious how you think about quantity of spectrum relative to that return on invested capital dynamic? Thank you.
Tom Rutledge: Well, on the subsidization of OTT, that's really just price, what you're selling broadband for. And I think that we have a relatively good competitive posture from a price perspective in the marketplace. And so I don't see us changing that. But there we will do promotional offers that have a price effect in them, the cost in them. I wont say never, but it's just a marketing technique. It doesn't mean you have changed your fundamental pricing strategy. And with regard to wireless, you're into the math of what's the value of the physical network pieces and that's a function of a lot of things. It's not -- it is the cost of bills, the cost of what your rented network is and how those two things interact with each other. And so I'd say your thinking is correct, but we haven't decided exactly what we will do.
Doug Mitchelson: If I could just follow up on that, Tom. Do you need updated MVNO with Verizon or a new MVNO to take advantage of mid -- maximize taking advantage of building out an advanced spectrum in high traffic areas? Does there need to be any evolution in that relationship for you to be able to switch to your spectrum?
Tom Rutledge: We have a good relationship and we're happy with our MVNO relationship with Verizon. And I'm sure it will evolve through time.
Stefan Anninger : Thanks Doug. And thanks to everyone who listened to our call today. That concludes our call.
Tom Rutledge : Thank you very much.
Operator: And it does conclude today's conference call. We do thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jessa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Charters Third Quarter 2019 Investor Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. You may begin your conference.
Stefan Anninger: Good morning and welcome to Charters third quarter 2019 investor call. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com, under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K and also our 10-Q filed this morning. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call. However, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and they cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect managements current view only and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements or to make additional forward-looking statements in the future. During the course of todays call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures, as defined by Charter, may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. Please also note that all growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise specified. On todays call, we have Tom Rutledge, Chairman and CEO and Chris Winfrey, our CFO. With that, lets turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Rutledge: Good morning. Our product and service strategy is working well across all our service areas, and the benefits of the recently completed large integration are being realized through accelerated customer relationship growth, lower service transactions per customer, declining capital, cable CapEx intensity and significant free cash flow generation. Although our product mix is different today than it was several years ago, we're driving customer relationship growth given our superior products, pricing and network, combined with execution capabilities that continue to improve. In the third quarter, we had a net gain of 310,000 customer relationships with customer growth of 4% over the last 12 months. We also added 380,000 Internet customers in the quarter, and 1.4 million Internet customers over the last year. And we added 276,000 mobile lines up from 280,000 additions last quarter. We grew cable adjusted EBITDA by 5% which combined with our lower cable capital expenditures yielded strong year-over-year cable free cash flow growth of nearly $850 million or 125% in the third quarter. Our consolidated free cash flow was up nearly $750 million even including our investment in spectrum mobile. We offer high quality products packaged with good service and attractive pricing, which is our core operating strategy. That approach works with customers and leads to improving relationship, growth rates, profitability and cash flow over long periods of time. We continue to improve our products and service, and as a result of our pricing migration strategy, 85% of our residential Internet customers receive 100 megabits and higher speeds and over the past two months, we raised our minimum spectrum internet speed from 100 megabits to 200 megabits in a number of additional markets. We now offer minimum speeds of 200 megabits in approximately 60% of our footprint up from 40% previously. We continue to offer 400 megabit, our ultra-product and our gigabit speed tiers across our entire footprint. Demand for speed, throughput and low latency uniquely offered through our network today continues to increase. That demand will continue to grow as more devices attached to our network, more IP video is consumed, online gaming continues to grow and new technologies and applications emerge. Our network will evolve from an already low latency DOCSIS 3.1 to 10 gig symmetrical on an upgrade path we control and at relatively low incremental capital cost. Monthly data usage continues to rise rapidly. Our non-non video Internet customers use over 450 gigabytes per month, which compares to average mobile usage of well under 10 gigabits per month. That translates to a 50 times price per gig value advantage with truly unlimited service, high throughput, and reliability to all devices in the home in business. In mid-October, we launched our advanced in-home Wi-Fi in Austin, Texas. Given our network, software operating platform and top rated subs support tool, were in a unique position to provide enhanced security privacy and control over all IP devices in our customers home, easily managed by customers in a single app, while simultaneously delivering a superior customer experience through better in-home Wi-Fi coverage, and managed Wi-Fi solutions through dynamic bands switching and channel optimization within the bands. And overtime, we plan to roll this product out to our entire footprint, starting with additional markets in late 2019. Our self-installation program continues to ramp quickly, with customers self-installations now representing 50% of our sales volume. Turning briefly to video. Over 90% percent of the time when we sell video, it is packaged with internet and it's an important attribute to our selling proposition for fixed and mobile connectivity services. And yet pricing, and lack of security continues to be the main problems contributing to the challenges of paid video growth. Turning a mobile, our spectrum mobile products continue to perform well and our accelerating mobile line net ads are very encouraging. In the third quarter, Bring Your Own Device capabilities became fully available across all of our sales channels, and Own Devices. And we recently launched Spectrum Mobile services to small and medium business customers in all channels. Mobile remains a key area of our focus for China going forward and we're uniquely positioned to take advantage of wireline and wireless network convergence overtime with our fully distributed wireline network. Ultimately positioning us for long term growth under the operating strategy I mentioned at the beginning of today's call, superior products, good service and attractive pricing. Now I'll turn it over to Chris.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks. Tom. Before covering our results, one administrative item. On September 6, we closed the sale of Navisite and managed cloud services business within the spectrum enterprise. We've not prepared [Indiscernible] financials and for the next few quarters I'll discuss enterprise revenue growth, including and excluding Navisite. On an annual basis, Navisite generated roughly $150 million in revenue and its impact on their EBITDA and CapEx was not material. Turning to our results on slide five, we grew total residential and SMB customer relationships by over 1.1 million in the last 12 months and by 310,000 in the third quarter. Including residential and SMB, we grew our Internet customers by 380,000 in the quarter and by 1.4 million or 5.6% over the last twelve months. Video declined by 75,000, wireline voice declined by 190,000 and we added 276,000 higher ARPU mobile lines. 84% of our residential customers, including legacy charter were in spectrum pricing and packaging at the end of the third quarter. And residential customer relationship growth accelerated to 3.7% year-over-year driven primarily by higher growth at Legacy TWC and Legacy Charter with Legacy Bright House remaining the fastest growing. In residential internet, we added a total of 351,000 customers in the quarter, better than last year's third quarter, resulting in residential internet customer growth of 5.4% year-over-year driven by continued lower churn and improved connect [ph] performance. Over the last year, our residential video customers declined by 2.6%. Similar to Internet and overall relationship churn, we benefited from a decline in total video churn, year-over-year, but that was more than offset by lower video gross additions. In wireline voice, we lost 213,000 residential customers in the quarter, driven by lower sell-in following our transition to selling mobile in the bundle and continued fixed and mobile substitution in the market generally. Turning to mobile. We added 276,000 mobile lines in the quarter, versus 208,000 in the second quarter, a nice acceleration. As of September 30th, we had 794,000 lines with a healthy mix of both unlimited and by gig lines. So we're pleased with the trajectory of spectrum mobile, with less EBITDA the loss per line as the business scales to the expected standalone profitability, even at an accelerating net addition rate. So more importantly, the cable connectivity service benefits and converged platform objectives we've laid out. Over the last year, we grew total residential customers by 974,000 or 3.7%. Residential revenue for customer relationship grew by 0.8% year-over-year given a lower rate of SPP migration and promotional campaign roll-off in previous rate adjustments. Those are true benefits were partly offset by a higher mix of non-video customers, higher mix of choice and stream customers, within our video base and $30 million lower pay-per-view revenue year-over-year. Slide six shows our cable customer growth, combined with our ARPU growth resulted in accelerating year-over-year residential revenue growth of 4.4%. Keep in mind that our cable ARPU does not reflect any mobile revenue today. During the commercial, SMB revenue grew by 5.7% faster than last quarter as the revenue effect from the repricing of our SMB products and Legacy TWC and Bright House continues to slow. SMB customer relationships grew by 7.7% year-over-year, still healthy growth, but we're increasing speeds and modifying some promotions to re-accelerate SMB relationship growth. Enterprise revenue was up by 1.8% year-over-year or 4.4% excluding Navisite from both quarters given the divestiture. Excluding both cell backhaul and Navisite, enterprise grew by 7.1%, with nearly 9% PSU growth year-over-year. And so while our re-sell products and enterprise are growing fast, our wholesale business including cell tower backhaul is not, but just factoring into the relative growth rate. Third quarter advertising revenue declined by 10.6% year-over-year due to less political revenue in 2019. Non-political revenue grew by over 5% year-over-year primarily due to our advanced advertising capabilities and our recent abilities to efficiently sell highly viewed long tailed inventory using our own anonymized much more detailed viewing data. Other revenue declined by 5.6% year-over-year driven by lower home shopping revenues related to video subscriber declines, and lower late fees, driven by lower non-pay churn, partly offset by video CPE sold to customers. Mobile revenue totaled $192 million with $123 million of that revenue being device revenue. In total, consolidated third quarter revenue was up 5.1% year-over-year or 5.3% when excluding Navisite. Cable revenue growth was 3.5% or 4.3% when excluding Navisite and advertising. Moving to operating expenses on slide seven, in the third quarter, total operating expenses grew by $423 million or 6.1% year-over-year. Excluding mobile, operating expenses increased 2.6%. Programming increased 0.4% year-over-year due to higher rates, and that was offset by a higher video subscriber decline or video to subscriber decline of 2.3% resi and SMB year-over-year. It is also offset by a higher mix of lighter video packages such as Choice and Stream, and lower pay-per-view expenses year-over-year tied to the $30 million lower pay-per-view revenue that I mentioned. Regulatory connectivity and produced content grew by 12.3% driven by franchise and regulatory fees, original programming cost, and cost of video CPE sold to customers in that order. Cost to service customers grew by 2.2% year-over-year compared to 4% customer relationship growth. Excluding bad debt, cost-to-service customers were essentially flat. The elevated amount of bad debt in the quarter relates to billing simplification changes we made earlier this year, which pushed out the timing of previous cash collections and resulted in a higher account balance for disconnects and higher bad debt provision in the third quarter. So we're meaningfully lowering our per relationship service cost, through a number of operating, quality and efficiency improvements which is core to our strategy. Key metrics, like calls for customer, truck rolls per customer, and churn all continue to move in the right direction. And as Tom mentioned, customer self-installations represented 50% of our sales volume in the third quarter. Cable marketing expenses increased by 0.4% year-over-year and other cable expenses were up 6.7% driven by software cost, enterprise labor cost, and insurance. Mobile expenses, totaled $337 million and were comprised of mobile device costs, tied to the device revenue, subscriber acquisition and usage cost, and operating expenses to stand up and operate the business, including our own personnel and overhead cost, and our portion of the JV with Comcast. When including the mobile EBITDA startup loss of $145 million total adjusted EBITDA grew by 3.4% in the quarter. Cable adjusted EBITDA grew by 5% in the third quarter, including a roughly 1.7% negative growth rate impact from advertising revenue, net of its associated expense in both periods. Similarly, cable margin expansion year-over-year would have been 90 basis points versus the 60 basis points we're showing today excluding the effect of advertising sales. Turning to net income on slide eight, we generated $387 million in net income attributable to chartered shareholders in the third quarter versus $493 million last year. The year-over-year decline was primarily driven by a non-cash pension [ph] measurement gain in the prior year period, and higher interest expense, partly offset by higher adjusted EBITDA and lower depreciation and amortization expense. Turning to slide nine and capital expenditures totaled $1.65 billion in the third quarter, with our Cable CapEx declining by over $500 million year-over-year, driven by lower CPE and installation CapEx due to fewer SPP migrations year-over-year and the completion of all digital in 2018. There's also the positive capital effect of increasing self-installations, lower video sales and a higher mix of boxless video outlets. Scalable infrastructure also declined, driven by the completion of DOCSIS 3.1 last year and the associated benefit, bandwidth benefit in 2019. Supports spending for cable was also lower, driven by declining investments related to insourcing and integration. We did spend $100 million in mobile related CapEx this quarter, which is mostly accounted for in support capital, and was driven by retail footprint upgrades for mobile and software some of which is related to our JV with Comcast. Despite likely spending a bit less than the $7 billion of total Cable CapEx in 2019, we expect our Cable CapEx intensity to continue to decline next year. As a percentage of revenue, we're becoming very efficient with capital expenditures, despite our continued products, network and service quality investments. Slide 10 shows; we generated nearly $1.3 billion of consolidated free cash flow this quarter, including just over $250 million in investment in the launch of mobile. Excluding mobile, we generated over $1.5 billion of cable free cash flow, up nearly $850 million versus just last years third quarter. We finished the third quarter at $74.2 billion in debt principal. Our current run rate, annualized cash interest, pro forma for financing activity completed in October is $3.9 billion. As of the end of the third quarter, our net-debt to last twelve months adjusted EBITDA was 4.47 times. We intend to stay at/or just below the high end of our 4 times to four and a half times leverage range. And when calculating our leverage, we include the upfront investment in mobile to be more conservative than looking at capable only leverage, which was 4.34 times at the end of Q3. During the quarter, we repurchased 7.8 million in charter shares, and charter holdings common units, totaling $3.1 billion at an average price of $398 per share. Since September of 2016, we've repurchased $25 billion or 23% of Charters equity at an average price of $337 per share. As I've said before, our operating model, network capabilities, now in the future, and our balance sheet strategy all work together over long periods of time. We expect our results to reflect the growing infrastructure assets with a lot of ancillary products to use for and so on top of our core connectivity services, with good value and service to our customers to grow cash flow with tax advantaged levered equity returns. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jonathan Chaplin from New Street Research. Please go ahead
Jonathan Chaplin: Thank you. I'm wondering if you can contextualize the pace of wireless growth we're seeing at the moment. Chris, there was obviously a phenomenal acceleration quarter-over-quarter. Is that driven by the new iPhone cycle or is this sort of a run rate of growth that you think can continue, or can you even continue to accelerate from here?
Tom Rutledge: Jonathan, its Tom. I'll answer the question. You know we, I guess the short answer is we expect it to accelerate. And the reason that is as we've really just got all of our marketing and operating tools available across all the platforms that we operate in, and as we look at the yield that we're taking out of each sales channel we have, and we look at things like Bring Your Own Device and its implementation and its effect on sales, we think that will continue to accelerate the growth rate. And things like store build out, and other kinds of activities are not complete. So in terms of our marketing footprint, it's not completely deployed yet. And when we look at the kinds of yields we're getting in those channels, our expectation is that our mobile yield will continue to accelerate.
Jonathan Chaplin: And Tom, how much of a pull through is that having on the broadband business at the moment?
Tom Rutledge: It's hard to say, but we think it is having an effect. And we -- our hope is that that that will accelerate broadband growth as well.
Jonathan Chaplin: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant from Evercore. Please go ahead.
Vijay Jayant: Thanks. Tom, you you've been talking for many quarters now about mitigating piracy and you brought that up again today with some of your carriage deals talk about working together especially with the Disney and the Fox deals on addressing that. Can you sort of talk about what can be done? When is it getting done? Is it something we should expect improving video trends? And second, obviously you've seen some of your competitors of your peer group launch products that enable your broadband customer like the Flex product at Comcast. Is that something that you guys are considering too? Thank you.
Tom Rutledge: Yes. So I feel like I'm beating my head against the wall talking about privacy or piracy and the password sharing and the pricing, but they're all inter-related issues. I think that there is some recognition in the programming industry that they're now distributors, and as a result of being distributors that they need to know where their content is going, and that has not been part of their DNA. And so, streaming products have been sold with five streams and with no location based kind of security. Most households in the United States have two or less people in them. And as a result of that, there are more streams than there are households available for free. And by sharing passwords and by not having location based or subscriber based relationships with those streams, and the fact that TV everywhere allows for massive numbers of streams replicated through virtual MVPDs and so forth. There are -- it's just too easy to get the product without paying for it. And when we look at data consumption, we can see that video consumption isn't going down even when people disconnect their paid video. And as a result of that, it makes the price value relationship really difficult when it's free. And so what can be done? You know the people that own content are going to have to come up with standards of security and they're going to need to implement them and they're needed to -- and they're going to need to know where their services are being viewed and then and they need to have a business model, that works for them. And so that requires some effort and some collaboration. And we'll continue to push for it, but it's a slow process.
Vijay Jayant: Second question is for Flex.
Tom Rutledge: Flex. Yes, I'm sorry. We have discussed that with Comcast and it's an interesting idea, and so I would say that, if we were considering it and it has advantages. We have a significant number of app based relationships that we've developed on multiple devices, and that strategy is working for us. And but putting inexpensive devices out with your service makes some sense to us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Supino from Bernstein. Please go ahead.
PeterSupino: Good morning. Could you all please talk about how you're measuring and analyzing the benefit of the large investments that you've made in customer facing personnel in the acquired systems? In particular, I wonder if the results in the Legacy Charter footprint tell us anything, whether it's the level or the trend of profitability and productivity about the future for the acquired system? Thank you.
Tom Rutledge: Yes, Peter. We  as you know our strategy is to have high quality, well-paid workers with high skills who can interact with the customers in a way that satisfies the customer the first time they deal with the customer. And as a result of that you end up with less transactions, you end up with less repeat service calls, you end up with longer tenured customers with more satisfaction and as result of that you have less disconnects and connects churn and your cost to serve goes down and even though your cost per transaction goes up. And that's been our strategy since Legacy Charter and that's been the strategy across the whole integration of the company. And that is successful in our -- if you look at our cost to serve trends, they're coming down. What that really means is that our activity levels are coming down. And as a result of our activity levels coming down our customers are more satisfied in their average life or the cash flow per customer is going up is another way of saying it. And that  so we do see a continued growth in Legacy Charter and we expect that kind of continued growth and when I say growth, I mean, in customer satisfaction and in customer growth and in the increasing margins and lower cost to serve in that environment. And we're seeing it across our entire footprint now because we've been at this integration for a while and we did implement this strategy. We have brought almost all of the transactions that we're going offshore, back onshore. We rebuilt call centers. There was a period where we had capital intensity and operating intensity as a result of the duplication that was required to stand up a new workforce in the United States, but that has been largely accomplished and we expect to reap the benefits.
Chris Winfrey: Peter, one thing I'd add to that. We've virtualized our entire call center and the field operations service infrastructure, but we still have visibility obviously into the Legacy Charter franchise areas and DMAs. And so what you can see is that Legacy Charter metrics, operating metrics whether it's calls for customer, billing calls for customer, retention calls for customer, truckloads for customer, all remained significantly below Legacy, TWC and Bright House despite Legacy, TWC and Bright House having significant improvements. Part of that is because of the previous investments in the Legacy Charter, Infrastructure, a part of that is Legacy Charter has continued to get better and better every year and quarter-over-quarter continues to make pretty significant improvements. So its a moving target, which just means that when you make that upfront investment in service, its a virtuous cycle of continuing to get better and better and while we don't report or track the P&L of Legacy Charter because the service is virtualized, if it had one at our cost to serve there would have been continuing throughout the cycle. They continue to go down dramatically on it per relationship basis and we expect the same for the rest of
Tom Rutledge: Yes. It bodes well for the long term. We've had continuous improvement in charter over seven or eight years and we expect similar kinds of results throughout the infrastructure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. Good morning. Tom, you talked a lot about the advantage, the cable, infrastructure and architecture brings to your charter and cable companies you run in the past. I'm just wondering if you could talk about the next several years of network evolution for the business. You've been throwing more speed at customers. You talk a lot about 100 and 200 megabit minimums. How are you thinking both from a kind of a network architecture perspective that would help us think about kind of product opportunities and also capital intensity? I think there's a debate in the market about DOCSIS 4.0 versus deep fiber. I'm just wondering where do you take the network and therefore the product offering on the broadband side over the next couple years and what might that mean for capital intensity? And I just quick one for Chris, just more short-term, you guys had some rate adjustments in the fourth quarter that a lot of folks have focused on. I'm just wondering how you would describe those in the grand scheme of charter's philosophy and whether there sort of incremental enough that we should be thinking about incremental ARPU and incremental churn in Q4 maybe in Q1 next year since obviously there's been a lot of press coverage and sort of interest in those changes. Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: So, Ben, I think if we look over the next couple of years the best place is start with the last couple of years. And we did the DOCSIS 3.1 rollout over two-year period which took our capability from a couple of 100 megabits per customer up to one gig per customer everywhere we operate. And there's still more upside out of that infrastructure deployment that we made with DOCSIS 3.1 in terms of both speed and things that we can offer from a product perspective, but one of the great thing that's coming out of that, that we didn't really talk about as we did was our ability to manage traffic in the network and therefore reduce network investment associated with increased consumption. And we've had a regular budget item associated with network consumption in our capital planning and related to the growth in overall average consumption of data per customer and 3.1 has allowed us to manage that less capital intensive way. So you have that project. And if you look at it, it was taking a massive speed increase on a legacy infrastructure at a capital cost of about $9 for home passed, a fairly small investment for home passed with a massive output. And that's the fundamental notion behind our 10 gig strategy, DOCSIS 4.0 strategy, which allows multiple pathways for development depending on how deep you want to take fiber or whether you want to improve your bandwidth in your legacy coaxial network. Both options are available in that specification to upgrade your network as products evolve and in a way that's very capital efficient and strategic to the assets you deployed. So what would we need to do over the next couple of years? We're still  we just completed DOCSIS 3.1, so we've got a lot of headroom inside of the asset at the moment in terms of product. But things we're thinking about continuing to do that we're experimenting with. We're obviously experimenting with convergence and we've done a bunch of radio and mobile experiments this year testing, switching dual SIM technology. We've also continue to work on the DOCSIS 4.0 strategy. We talk to with gaming companies about putting compute power deeper in the network. When you look at real estate footprint we have lots of hubs throughout our architecture that have space in them as a result of the compression of electronic through time. And as a result of that we are able to stand up high compute, low latency networks that are hard to replicate. And we think that there is a product development cycle that'll occur there and give us an upside opportunity. But the fundamental position we're in at the moment is we still have lots of headroom from the last investment cycle we made, which was quite efficient. We also have been launching as I mentioned the product of in-home Wi-Fi management which allows customers to manage their privacy, their security and to know what is connected in their house and what its connected to and to be able to manage that in an efficient way to not only privacy but for parental control and quality of the network itself throughout the home. So, we're continuing to invest in the customer experience in the product set itself.
Ben Swinburne: That's helpful. Thank you, Chris.
Tom Rutledge: Then you asked about rate, and so maybe some thoughts. Our third quarter, I think you mentioned fourth quarter, so just to clarify, third quarter residential ARPU does not reflect any of the recent rate increases that we have implemented. Those are beginning really at the start  after the start of Q4, so it won't be a full fourth quarter. And they're being applied in video which reflects higher input of programming cost and some non-promotional rates on Internet. So if you take a look, I know there were some questions around it. You look at our Q3 result results it shows -- we believe we have a long runway for Internet and customer relationship growth. So there shouldn't be too much of a read through that. We've always believed that creating more customer relationships is the most valuable way to grow long-term cash flow. And through the integration we'd been careful about driving additional billing calls or service transactions from rate increases. And then, I guess another read through as well, manage the profitability of our overall customer relationship when we're using video to enhance it, but that being said, they were rate increases not that materially difference than what we'd had in the past. We have a lot of customers in year one and year two promotional rates that aren't subject to some of the increases. And for video, we increasingly have a higher mix of customers in wider packages without boxes which won't have the same increases. So our goal is to maintain our competitiveness across all products and their preference or strategy, optimism for growing by volume is opposed to just by rate that remains unchanged. You asked about in the fourth quarter impacts similar to past increases and because it's not that material, some might have feared or hope, and we don't anticipate any meaningful negative impact on the fourth quarter net additions as result of the rate increase. But I would highlight to you and others just keep in mind, the fourth quarter last year was a pretty good quarter for charter and we expect the back half of this year inclusive of Q3 and Q4 so that things we've said in the past to be better as it relates to Internet and customer relationships. That doesn't mean that we don't expect a good fourth quarter and this year as well. Just keep in mind we had a pretty good one last year too.
Chris Winfrey: So I would say, just to sum that up, our strategy with regard to growth with rates and customers is unchanged. We believe the majority of the revenue growth that we'll produce will be through growth and new customer relationships and our pricing and packaging is designed to give consumers a better value than they can get with the individual products priced as they are in the marketplace. If you look at how much money we're saving people from a mobile perspective, it's significant. Our products are valuable products and they're designed to drive customer relationships.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you, guys.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks, Ben.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett from MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Moffett: Hi. Thanks. Two questions if I could. There's been a lot written recently about your potential interest in CBRS Spectrum and an offload strategy for your wireless business. Could you just put some meat on the bones about that and just talk about what your latest thoughts are about traffic offload and what that network deployment might look like over the next few years? And then, a second more practical question. We -- the business services lines, you've been engaged in the repricing of the Legacy Time Warner Cable customers for a long time now. When do you think we might be through the process of repricing those customers so that we can start to see business services revenue growth start to normalize a bit relative to where others are and what I suspect your volume growth looks like?
Tom Rutledge: Well, I'll answer the last part of that first which is  you were already getting the growth in business services where the revenue growth and rate of customer creation are converging and that was not true when we initially started the pricing and packaging, but it is true now if we look at our quarter over quarter change you'll see the revenue growth is occurring and its not because of rate, it's occurring because the customer growth -- they are not new customers at that growth rate that  and less customers at the historic pricing such that those two numbers are converging growth and revenue growth, customer growth equals revenue growth at some point. So, in terms of CBRS, the interesting thing about that, and we talked about dual SIM technology opportunities and the testing that we've done and we're quite optimistic about the capability of that strategy and we're quite optimistic about the ability to make select investments in areas where traffic dictates in such a way as to move services that we pay rent for on to our own platform and that opportunity already exists with Wi-Fi and a significant number of our customers -- well the majority of our customers are using Wi-Fi most of the time and Wi-Fi is highly efficient. And the bulk of data, 80% of all data on mobile platforms are being delivered through the Wi-Fi network. So we think there's continued opportunity to move traffic that way and we've experimented with a bunch of methodologies to do that and CBRS does work very well. And as you know there's a significant amount of free CBRS spectrum available which we've been using. We've also done some experiments with that spectrum with fixed wireless connectivity. We've got an experiment going with that too and actual live customers going in rural low density areas. So it's a pretty valuable piece of spectrum. There's some private spectrum of CBRS that's going to be auction next year. The question we're evaluating is should we be involved in that. But we haven't determined that yet but we're looking at it closely. And but I would say this, but there's a significant amount of spectrum available already. And the more cells you have the less spectrum you need.
Craig Moffett: Thanks Tom.
Tom Rutledge: Thanks Craig.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philip Cusick from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Philip Cusick: Hey guys. Thanks. I wonder if we can unpack a little bit the broadband some momentum improvement. Is that being driven mostly by better churn as you had forecasts or by better connect volumes as well? And have there been any changes in the promotional pricing that are being offered to those customers. Thanks.
Chris Winfrey: So you know the churn improvements that we've talked about in the past, they continue on the year-over-year basis for Internet with also an improvement in Connect as service provider, what you said it was a combination of both. There been no major or dramatic change in the pricing or go-to-market as it relates to broadband. And we have a generally now 60% of our footprint, footprint to now 200 megabits per second minimum speed. We also go-to-market with Ultra which is 400 and as a headline with availability, but not that much take up as a one-gig service and that's the 400 and the one-gig or nationwide. So there's been no dramatic change to promotional pricing beyond what we've typically done in the past.
Philip Cusick: Thanks Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rollins from Citi. Please go ahead.
Michael Rollins: Good morning. Thanks for the question. If we look at the footprint expansion it was about 2% across the different products in the quarter which is above average rate of household growth in the country. So, how important is that growth at driving some of the strength in broadband? And how long can it continue at this elevated pace? And the final part of that is if it were to slow down, does that significantly help your capital spend? Thanks.
Tom Rutledge: Yes. So Michael it's a good question. Passings, and it's not unique for Charter rates across the board is really estimated marketable homes, and it's not a direct correlation one-to-one as it relates to new build. And so as we go through the integration of three different companies in the systems and the definitions and even our go to marketable home passed is, we're adding stuff into the builder as potentially marketable and sometimes that rate is not always and you'd only find out once you go and actually market are trying to sell. So there's a lot of cleanup, that's still going on in that and we're not alone. So I wouldn't take that as 100% new build or household formation, but it's true and it's directionally still right. It may not be completely correct, but it's directionally correct. And we've been building more particularly into rural areas and our new build there you can see that through the CapEx line extension line item that's grown over the past couple of years and accelerated as we meet our commitments. And we have good ROIs to developing a broadband footprint in these more rural areas. New household formation is helpful to the overall growth rate. There's been a lot of work done around that. We think that our growth is not just a function of new household formation that we are gaining significant share not only in Legacy DSL but as some of the U-verse and U-verse like whether it's AT&T or CenturyLink. There's some of the previous U-verse's speeds turned into looking more and more like DSL as our speeds increase over time. So we're taking significant share and that tends to be the bulk of where we're adding as opposed to just new household formation.
Michael Rollins: Thanks very much.
Tom Rutledge: Thanks Michael.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks. Two questions, first for Tom. You've mentioned 10 gigs quite a bit. Can you just talk about when this might be available and what kind of boost to ARPU? You might be expecting, is this another step up at some point in time. And then second for Chris, is there anything which we should be thinking about in terms of programming expenses for Q4 or 2020 as we update our models? Thanks.
Tom Rutledge: Look, 10g 10 gig is a set of specifications that we've developed for our networks that allow us to get to 10 gigabit symmetrical. There aren't products today at the residential level that demand that kind of capability and one -- so it's a long term evolution capability of our network that allows us to in a very efficient way from a capital perspective get to those kinds of capabilities. If we look at historic trends of data use it'll show you that unless the trends of the last 20 years significantly change at some point we're going to need that capability and products will be develop there, virtual reality products and high capacity, low latency content which would include games and entertainment, education will ultimately be developed including light field products, holograms that will change the very nature of all communications and that our networks capable from an investment perspective of providing those products at the most effective investment rate. And when we would actually do that or deploy that is really a function of how the market develops. There is no immediate capital requirement for us to do anything with regard to 10G. We can use elements of that as different opportunities arise. We still have a lot of capability in our 3.1 deployment which is a prior DOCSIS deployment specification to 10G which we're now calling DOCSIS 4.0 because we're branders. That's a joke. But it's really just an opportunity and a way of showing the kinds of historic capital investments we've been able to make to upgrade our network will continue into the future.
Chris Winfrey: Marci on and on programming, we've been low this year relative to our expectations on year-over-year growth and part of that is maybe we've done okay on some of our renewals. But the bigger piece is that we've had a subscriber decline of Resi and SMB of 2.3%. There's been a mixed shift as it relates to Stream and Choice products, which just have less channels inside of them. And then on top of that the pay-per-view environment particularly the past two quarters has not been particularly good on the revenue side, which means that your costs are going down year-over-year for pay-per-view and all of that is packing into a current 0.4% year-over-year growth in programming. But your actual unit cost has expanded cost per customer relationship. It's kind of been what it's been for many years in the mid single digit range. And we've had some pretty big renewals as publicly announced tied to some of the security and password sharing collective efforts, so you know which those are. So there will be some step-up associated with that. But I think as you look out through next year there's nothing we see today that causes there to be a dramatic change from where the overall marketplace has been for the type of rate increases that we expect to see on that product. And as we've talked about before, historically we've not passed all that through to and to our customers and we're evaluating our ability to continue to do that even as we use the video product to drive connectivity services. And we've just spoken about some of that as it relates to the most recent rate increases. So, I don't expect any big dramatic changes other than growth is a big factor, mix is a big factor, the pay-per-view market has been under some challenge past two quarters which is lower than programming expense, it's unclear how much that'll continue. But absent the volume and mix issues, so I don't see anything dramatic changes.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike McCormack from Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Mike McCormack: Hey guys. Thanks. Maybe Tom just a quick comment on the Stream product, what you're seeing there as far as perhaps cannibalization of traditional linear. And then why not use that as a more aggressive tool because the pricing for that double play is a lot more attractive than some of these synthetic bundles out there with offerings. Then, sorry if I missed this, but on the wireless side any comments on the Altice's pricing. And then I guess thinking about the pacing of ads obviously a big ramp up. How should we think about that as we go into 4Q? Thanks.
Tom Rutledge: I guess in terms of Stream, we've been selling that to people who are financially constrained mostly in a very selective way. And that's a big problem in the whole video space in that the traditional bundled product is very expensive and the rate -- actual unit rate of that product continues to rise and that's priced a lot of people out of the market. And as I said earlier it's free to a lot of consumers who have friends with passwords. And so our ability to sell that product is ultimately constrained by our relationship with content. And we have to manage that in terms of the kinds of power that the content companies have in terms of what we can do with bundling and not. And so, it's really a limited solution for us in terms of video. And the bulk of our customer relationships long term and video will continue to be big packaged, expensive bundles of content because that's where it's sold to us and dictated that we provide it in that form. In terms about Altice's pricing, it's good. And our pricing is quite valuable to consumers and saves them an enormous amount of money on an annual basis. And we think that our pricing is good in terms of driving growth and they want to sell their product at$20, so I think that's great. Its attractive pricing, it's a different MVNO with a different operator and over a different timeframe. But I think it's generally good for cable that they're out there driving and pushing that type of an aggressive product as well.
Mike McCormack: Great. Chris just on the phasing of wireless subs?
Chris Winfrey: Yes. And I think Tom was asked a question by Jonathan early on the pace of growth. We did -- we're still hitting our full stride. And you'd said that all of our BYOD was fully implemented through the end of the quarter, SMB had just barely started to launch, actually hadn't really launched in earnest by the end of the quarter. And our store footprint is going to continue to expand. And so.
Tom Rutledge: All of our sales channels continue to perform better
Chris Winfrey: To get better our yield continues to get better. So I'd say, it's still a relatively news upstart business and so there's some risk in saying what we're saying, but we don't see any reason that it shouldn't continue to get better and to have more sales and more yield and more net additions over time and add more value to cable.
Mike McCormack: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of John Hodulik from UBS. Please go ahead.
John Hodulik: Great. Chris, I just want to follow up on your on your comments that the company is getting more efficient in its use of capital. A, does that suggest a sort of another step down in capital intensive as we look out to 2020? Can you give us some examples of how that that's the case and is that your view that the business model in general is getting more capital efficient as we move more towards a connectivity model and then less from  and away from a video centric model?
Chris Winfrey: Yes. John, you're trying to dupe me into 2020 guidance on capital when we told you we'll do that some time in 2019. So and -- now look I'm not going to talk about a dollar amount for 2020. It's way too early for that, and I'm not sure that we're going to anyway. But what I did say today and we feel strongly about is that our cable capital intensity, so cable capital expenditure as a percentage of revenue is going to continue to decline into 2020 for all the reasons that we've mentioned before. Just the mere fact that integration spend continues to decline is essentially be gone next year, and also the amount of DOCSIS 3.1 headroom that Tom talked about before. The point that you just raised that increasingly video is more and more boxless, and as it becomes tied to the IP Internet product anyway, it's becoming less capital intensive. And I think there's a lot of factors inside the business that are driving us to be much lower capital intensity. I could go down less more self-installation and the head room inside the network, the lack of CPE per connect, and the use of box was connect. The average age of our existing boxes meaning they can be replaced one for one, as opposed to new boxes being purchased to replace old boxes. It's just -- you know the amount of churn inside the business. If you think about churn coming down that also takes down your capital significantly. So there's a lot of momentum in the business to not only remove your cost or lower your costs to serve for customer relationship on OpEx than related to the same thing on a CapEx basis. And ultimately a lot of that CapEx is fixed, CapEx for the network, and to the extent you have higher penetration, they were probably the fastest growing cable company at least in the western world. And when you have that type of growth, and that type of penetration expansion, image become more efficient on your capital as well as your OpEx. And so we're seeing the benefit of all of that.
John Hodulik: Okay, thanks guys.
Tom Rutledge: All right. Thank you everyone. We look forward to doing the same next quarter. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-26 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jessa and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Charters Second Quarter Investor Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. You may begin your conference.
Stefan Anninger: Good morning and welcome to Charters second quarter 2019 investor call. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com, under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K and also our 10-Q filed this morning. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call. However, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and they cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect managements current view only and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements or to make additional forward-looking statements in the future. During the course of todays call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures, as defined by Charter, may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. Please also note that all growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise specified. On todays call, we have Tom Rutledge, Chairman and CEO and Chris Winfrey, our CFO. With that, lets turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Rutledge: Good morning. Our core connectivity business is strong. We continue to execute well and we continue to benefit from consolidating cable operations under our centralized operating strategy in the ways we expect it, including lower customer churn, fewer service transactions per customer and improving customer satisfaction, resulting in industry-leading growth of over 1 million customer relationships year-over-year and Internet customer growth of over 1.3 million year-over-year. In the second quarter, we had a net gain of over 200,000 customer relationships, with customer growth of nearly 4% over the last 12 months. We added over 250,000 Internet customers. And we also added 208,000 mobile lines, accelerating as our high quality, attractively-priced mobile product is beginning to resonate with customers and penetrate the marketplace. We grew cable adjusted EBITDA by 5.4%, which combined with our lower cable capital expenditures yielded strong year-over-year cable free cash flow growth of over 50%. And thats nearly over 40% when including our investment in Spectrum Mobile. We remain focused on a number of service-oriented initiatives and we have a clear pathway to drive higher customer satisfaction and retention with positive growth and financial effects. Our insourced and high quality workforce is driving an improved customer experience. In the second quarter, well over 90% of phone call volume was handled by our in-house agents, with billing and service-related calls down by 10% year-over-year and over 80% truck rolls were handled by our in-house field techs, with total truck rolls down nearly 7% year-over-year. Our call center virtualization plans remain on track. Weve gone from 13 billing instances to one front-end service environment, meaning better quality service and lower costs. Our self-installation program is also ramping quickly with customer self-installations now representing over 40% of our sales volume. Our online selling and service platforms are also becoming increasingly successful. All of these initiatives are having meaningful impact on our core business, including enhanced customer experience by allowing customers to interact with us on their terms either through digital platforms or highly skilled employees, reducing selling friction and service transaction volumes, all of which reduce our cost to service per customer relationship now and for many years to come. We are using our transactional selling machine and improving brand recognition to generate sales of our Spectrum Mobile product, with the ultimate goal of driving faster overall relationship growth. With over 0.5 million Spectrum Mobile lines at the end of the second quarter, were pleased with the progress weve made since launching in September of last year. In late May, we expanded the availability of our Bring Your Own Device program to all of our sales channels, with a positive impact on sales. Previously, our Bring Your Own Device program was only available by visiting select Spectrum Mobile stores. Now, customers can purchase Spectrum Mobile while bringing their own device through all of our sales channels, including our inbound, retail, online and direct channels. Later this year, well expand the availability of Spectrum Mobiles service to our small and medium business customers. Mobile remains a key focus of Charter and we continue to work on broadening our mobile capabilities. We also remain focused on opportunities to continue to develop our core asset, our hybrid fiber coax wireline network and its capacity, and we have a cost-efficient pathway to do that. Our infrastructure today delivers low latency service and superior capacity and speed. And we have a scalable, relatively low cost upgrade path that allows for further low latency superiority, 10 gig symmetrical speeds with DOCSIS 4.0, also called Full Duplex, and expanded network throughput. Specifically, over time, we can expand our network from 750 megahertz to up to 3 gigahertz to meaningfully increase our total throughput and capacity, all of which positions us to continue to be the network of choice for a wide array of applications, such as gaming, 8K video, developing high capacity, low latency products such as virtual reality and medical and educational use cases. And were doing that on a development path that is faster and more cost efficient than can be achieved by our competitors. So, now, Ill turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks, Tom. Turning to our results on Slide 5 of todays presentation, total residential and SMB customer relationships grew by over 1 million in the last 12 months and by 203,000 in the second quarter. Including residential and SMB, Internet grew by 258,000 units in the quarter, video declined by 141,000, wireline voice declined by 182,000 and we added 208,000 higher ARPU mobile lines. 82% of our residential customers, including Legacy Charter, were in Spectrum pricing and packaging at the end of the second quarter. And residential customer growth  relationship growth continued to increase to 3.4% year-over-year. In residential Internet, we added a total of 221,000 customers in the highest seasonal disconnect quarter, just above last years second quarter, resulting in residential Internet customer growth of 5.1% year-over-year. Both Legacy Charter and Legacy Bright House net additions were meaningfully better year-over-year in the second quarter, with residential Internet relationship growth rates of 5.9% and 7.7% respectively despite higher penetrations than the legacy TWC footprint. So, while Legacy TWCs residential Internet growth rate of 4.3% year-over-year is still good, the relative size of that footprint and the time it has taken for growth rates to mirror Charter impacts the consolidated results. Key metrics like calls per customer, truck rolls per customer and churn are all moving in the right direction across the company and we remain confident in our ability to continue to accelerate residential customer relationship and Internet customer growth for the full year of 2019. Over the last year, our residential video customers declined by 2.5%. Similar to Internet and overall relationship churn, we benefited from a decline in total video churn year-over-year, but that was offset by lower video gross additions. Despite some video loss, we expect to continue to grow our EBITDA and cash flow at healthy rates. And as part of a bundle, video drives Internet sales and reduces churn for our connectivity services. It remains an integral part of our business strategy for connectivity services, even as it drives less standalone profit over time. In wireline voice, we lost 207,000 residential customers in the quarter, driven by lower sell-in following our transition to selling mobile in the bundle and continued fixed and mobile substitution in the market generally. Turning to mobile, we added 208,000 mobile lines in the quarter versus 176,000 in the first quarter of 2019, so a nice acceleration driven by growing brand awareness and expansion of our Bring Your Own Device capabilities across all sales channels, which occurred late in the quarter. As of June 30th, we had 518,000 lines with a healthy mix of both Unlimited and By the Gig lines. So, mobile is ramping nicely and the early results of this product launch remain promising. Over time, we not only expect Spectrum Mobile to become a meaningful driver of our connectivity sales and retention, we also expect it to be profitable on a standalone basis once it reaches scale. And beyond that, we believe that there will be opportunities to further improve the economics of our mobile business and offer unique connectivity services. Over the last year, we grew total residential customers by 884,000 or 3.4%. Residential revenue per customer relationship grew by 0.3% year-over-year, given a lower rate of SPP migration and promotional campaign roll-off and rate adjustments. Those ARPU benefits were partly offset by a higher mix of non-video customers, a higher mix of Choice and Stream within our video base and $24 million lower pay-per-view revenue year-over-year in the second quarter. Slide 6 shows our cable customer growth combined with our ARPU growth resulted in year-over-year residential revenue growth of 3.7%. Keep in mind that our cable ARPU does not reflect any mobile revenue. Turning to commercial, total SMB and enterprise revenue combined grew by 4.7% in the second quarter. SMB revenue grew by 5.3%, faster than last quarter, as the revenue effect from the re-pricing of our SMB products in Legacy TWC and Bright House continues to slow. Enterprise revenue was up by 4%. Excluding cell backhaul and Navisite, enterprise grew by 6.7%, with nearly 10% PSU growth year-over-year. Our enterprise group is at an earlier stage of its own pricing and packaging transition, similar to what weve done in our SMB and residential businesses over the last two years and the process of moving customers to more competitive pricing pressures enterprise ARPU in the near term. Second quarter advertising revenue declined by 7.5% year-over-year exclusively due to less political revenue in 2019. Other revenue declined by 11.3% year-over-year in the second quarter, driven primarily from lower late fees and fewer delinquent accounts, which is also reflected in lower bad debt year-over-year. Mobile revenue totaled $158 million with $111 million of that revenue being EIP device revenue. In total, consolidated second quarter revenue was up 4.5% year-over-year with cable revenue growth of 3.1% or 3.8% when excluding advertising and pay-per-view. Moving to operating expenses on Slide 7, in the second quarter, total operating expenses grew by $359 million or 5.3% year-over-year. Excluding mobile, operating expenses increased 1.7%. Programming increased 0.9% year-over-year due to higher rates, and that was offset by a video subscriber decline of 2.2% year-over-year, a higher mix of lighter video packages such as Choice and Stream, and lower pay-per-view expenses year-over-year, which was roughly a 0.5% of programming growth rate impact. Despite the lower overall growth rate, our programming expense can vary and we do have some renewals in the back half of this year. Regulatory, connectivity and produced content grew by 6.7%, driven by cost of video CPE sold to customers, franchise and regulatory fees and original programing cost, in that order. Cost to service customers declined by 0.9% year-over-year compared to 3.8% customer relationship growth. Even excluding some bad debt improvement, cost to service customers were essentially flat year-over-year. And as Tom mentioned, we are meaningfully lowering our per relationship service cost through a number of operating efficiency improvements which is core to our strategy. Cable marketing expenses were essentially flat year-over-year and other cable expenses were up 8.4%, driven by software costs, insurance, property taxes and enterprise costs. Mobile expenses totaled $277 million and were comprised of mobile device cost tied to the EIP device revenue I mentioned, subscriber acquisition and usage cost and operating expenses to stand up and operate the business, including our own personnel and overhead cost and our portion of the JV with Comcast. Cable adjusted EBITDA grew by 5.4% in the second quarter, including a roughly 1.5% negative growth rate impact from 2018 political advertising revenue, net of its associated expense. And when including the mobile EBITDA start-up loss of $119 million, the total company adjusted EBITDA grew by 3.3% in the quarter. Turning to net income on Slide 8, we generated $314 million of net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the second quarter versus $273 million last year. The year-over-year increase was primarily driven by higher adjusted EBITDA and lower depreciation and amortization expense, partly offset by higher interest expense, a greater non-cash loss on financial instruments and higher GAAP tax expense. Turning to Slide 9, capital expenditures totaled just under $1.6 billion in the second quarter, with our cable CapEx declining by over $800 million year-over-year, driven by lower scalable infrastructure, primarily driven by the completion of DOCSIS 3.1 last year and the associated bandwidth benefit in 2019, lower CPE and installation CapEx due to fewer SPP migrations year-over-year and the completion of all digital in 2018. There is also the positive capital effect of increasing self-installation, lower video sales, newer average life of boxes deployed and the higher mix of boxless video outlets. Support spending for cable was also lower driven by declining investments related to insourcing and integration, and that was partly offset by higher spend on line extensions as we continue to build out and fulfill our merger conditions. We spent $93 million in mobile-related CapEx this quarter, which is mostly accounted for in support capital and was driven by retail footprint upgrades for mobile and software, some of which is related to our JV with Comcast. As a reminder, for the full year 2019, our internal plan reflects roughly $7 billion of total cable CapEx in 2019 and thats despite a lower run rate in the first half of this year. Slide 10 shows we generated $1.1 billion of consolidated free cash flow this quarter, including just under $300 million of investment in the launch of mobile. Excluding mobile, we generated $1.4 billion of cable free cash flow, up nearly $500 million versus last years second quarter. The year-over-year growth was driven by the higher adjusted EBITDA and the lower cable CapEx I mentioned. And that was partly offset by a negative cash contribution from cable working capital of $284 million during the second quarter, primarily due to continued lower payables from lower CapEx and a one-time receivables impact from standardizing our residential bill cycle time timing, and that was to simplify our bill for customers and reduce related billing increase which pushed out collections and customer payments by a few days. Although I expect our full year change in capital, working capital to be negative, driven by the reasons we discussed on these calls, the second half of this year should have a more net neutral impact to free cash flow. And as we move beyond this 2019 calendar year, I would expect changes in our cable working capital to be neutral to beneficial to our full year free cash flow results. On the mobile side, we continue to add mobile customers, which drives handset-related working capital needs as we accelerate growth rates, and we expect that trend to continue for the foreseeable future due to growth finished the quarter with $72.6 billion in debt principal. Our current run rate annualized cash interest, including the impact of issuing investment grade and high yield notes earlier this month, is $3.9 billion. As of the end of the second quarter, our net debt to last 12-month adjusted EBITDA was 4.4 times. We intend to stay at or below the high end of our 4 to 4.5 leverage range and we include the upfront investment in mobile to be more conservative than looking at cable-only leverage, which was 4.28 times at the end of Q2 and its declining. During the quarter, we repurchased 2.7 million Charter shares and Charter Holdings common units totaling about $1 billion at an average price of $370 per share. Since September of 2016, weve repurchased 21% of Charters equity at an average price of $330 per share. So, our operating model, network capabilities, now and in the future, and our balance sheet strategy all work together over long periods of time. And we expect our results to continue to reflect a growing infrastructure asset with a lot of ancillary products to use for, and so on top of, our core connectivity services with good value and service to our customers to grow cash flow with tax-advantaged levered equity returns. Operator, were now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning. Hey. I wanted to ask you guys first about mobile and a couple of questions. Are you now sort of in full sales mode across the footprint in terms of devices youre supporting, or your sales channels for marketing push? I know you introduced more BYOD in May, but I just  as we think about the second half of the year, should we expect that business to continue to accelerate? And are we going to see sort of the full push on that product? And Im wondering, also as you think about profitability and your ability to use Wi-Fi offload to sort of manage your bandwidth costs and if there are opportunities to get better at that as you move through the year. And then, just a question, Chris, on CapEx, I know you reiterated the $7 billion. But I just wanted to come back because, as you mentioned, youre run-rating below that. Youve got to spend about $4 billion or accrue $4 billion in the second half to get to $7 billion. So, was just curious if maybe there  whats driving that second half step up in CapEx, given sort of we know what the sort of sub trends are? Thank you, guys.
Tom Rutledge: Alright. Ben, so are we in full sales mode? Yes. I would say were just getting to full sales mode at the end of the second quarter. And will that accelerate our ability  will our ability to grow accelerate? Yes we think it will and that well continue to grow the mobile business at a more rapid rate with all of our sales channels available, with a fully supported device inventory. We are not a 100% there from devices, but were nearly there in terms of the market share, distribution of devices. And so, we do expect the mobile business to accelerate. And we expect our ability to close sales in through our transaction volume at a higher and higher rate. In terms of bandwidth cost on Wi-Fi, I mean I think, on a relative basis, I dont expect that will improve this year on a per unit basis, but a significant portion of the traffic is already on our Wi-Fi network on a per customer basis. There are opportunities that were experimenting with using additional spectrum like CBRS, which is also free spectrum like Wi-Fi is, and using that to offload traffic. But I dont expect that to be a meaningful contributor in 2019.
Chris Winfrey: Ben, on CapEx, if you take a look at traditional cable capital expenditure, it does tend to be back ended through the course of the year. At the end of 2018, were coming off a pretty large investment cycle as it related to big integration projects, DOCSIS 3.1, all digital. And so, some of that has pushed out our planning and spend for this year, a little bit later than, frankly, what we had even budgeted for. It doesnt mean that I dont think that the business is capable of spending it and that theyre not good ROI projects and they need to get done. So, its going to be a little bit of a challenge to get to the $7 billion. But in a sort of perverse way, were hopeful that that can get done because its good capital to spend and it benefits the business. So, time will tell, but for now thats still our goal is in spending at or just below $7 billion.
Ben Swinburne: Okay. Thank you, both.
Chris Winfrey: Yes. And by the way, thats for cable CapEx, just to be clear. I know Ive said it before, but.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett from MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Moffett: Hi. Thank you. Two questions, if I could. First, there were reports that you had been  that you had submitted a bid for at least certain Sprint assets. Im wondering if you can just share some insight into what assets you were interested in and if you could just add some color to that story. And then second, obviously, the bull case for your shares is, at this point, very focused on margin expansion. Your margins did expand in the quarter, perhaps not quite as quickly as some had hoped. But I wonder if you could just share some observations about the trajectory for your margins going forward, particularly given that your margins are still some 10 points lower than what are best-in-class margins in this sector now. Is there any reason why we shouldnt expect to see those kinds of numbers from you at some point down the road?
Tom Rutledge: Well, I dont want to give you any color. But youve read a lot of reports about us over the last several months and weeks, and many of them werent accurate. In terms of margin expansion, we are seeing margin expansion. We expected to see margin expansion, and thats occurring because of the nature of the products that are more predominant in our selling machine today. Were getting significant impacts from our cost to serve. But you can get high margins a variety of ways. You could cut your costs dramatically, but inhibit your ability to grow. And we have industry-leading growth, and so that has an impact on our margin. But we think that the free cash flow generation, by having a high growth machine in the long run, is a significantly greater asset valuation builder. So, were not trying to be the highest margin company in the country by any means. That said, we expect our margins to continue to go to improve because, as you penetrate deeper into the market, your cost  your network costs are allocated over a bigger customer base and, therefore, your average cost per customer goes down. And the change in videos means that there is less transaction activity associated with that service, which is relatively low margin from a gross margin perspective. And the cost to serve using digital by-flows [ph] and using self-service thats now capable in an all-digital environment takes cost out of the business. So, we think the fundamental output of our business is lower capital intensity, higher free cash flow, and higher operating margins.
Chris Winfrey: Just to piggyback on what Tom said, what is our target is to be the highest free cash flow growth in the industry, not only on a gross basis, but also on a per share basis. And we feel pretty good about that opportunity given the operating strategy.
Craig Moffett: Thanks.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks Craig.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hodulik from UBS. Please go ahead.
John Hodulik: Okay, great. First maybe a couple of quick follow-ups on the longer-term wireless strategy for Tom, Obviously, you dont want to comment on those press reports. But have you guys looked at or are you looking at eventually providing wireless service outside your footprint? And then, as it relates to the Spectrum strategy, you guys have been active in terms of CBAD and I think it makes a lot of sense to talk about and look at the CBRS, but would you also look at Spectrum opportunities from third parties or is it just sort of CBRS and upcoming auctions? And then, one more question on video. It seems pretty clear that the pace of change in the video ecosystem is accelerating. And weve heard from sort of a change in strategy, I would say, at Comcast and certainly at AT&T to focus more on profitability. How would you characterize your own sort of video strategy? And should we expect the mix of Choice customers and Stream customers to continue to increase from here going forward?
Tom Rutledge: So, in terms of wireless, we dont have plans today to serve outside of our footprint. As you know, were fundamentally a regional operator and wireless companies are national companies. We do have a joint venture with Comcast, so that you have two regional companies providing, on a similar platform, wireless services nationwide. Customers who buy from us in our footprint and move out of our footprint can remain our customers. But our fundamental wireless objective today is to drive our overall customer relationships inside our physical assets using wireless and video and broadband and wired line and all new products to drive those customer relationships on the existing physical infrastructure. We Would use third-party spectrum? Of course. We are looking at CBRS. There are other opportunities to improve in specific locations, in a cost-efficient way, our ability to provide high-capacity mobile services to our customers. And we will, to the extent they develop for us, take advantage of them. Our video strategy is really today to not look at video as a standalone business. There is still a lot of value in the bundle to a lot of consumers. The problem with the bundle of video today is that the content companies that supply it have essentially put their service for free, available everywhere, through TV everywhere and excessive streams and password sharing and free over-the-air television, which can be received through antennas, all of which are unencrypted and essentially free. And its hard to compete with free. We look at video as an attribute of our overall customer relationship. We want to have the best video services of all kinds available and make it easy for consumers to consume video on our product, but we dont look at it as a business  as a standalone business. We look at it as a attribute of the connectivity relationship that weve established with the customer. And so, we have gross margins in that business. And I dont think we want to go underwater from a gross margin perspective. But wed look at that as a product enhancement to our connectivity, not as a standalone individual line of business.
John Hodulik: Got it. Thanks Tom.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Chaplin from New Street Research. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thanks. Two quick ones for Chris. Generally, Chris, you guys generate more broadband adds in the second half of the year than the first half of the year. And Im just wondering if there is any reason why that trend wouldnt continue this year. And then, just curious, following up on  Tom, on your comment on profitability in video, the cash flow contribution from a wireless sub when you get to scale, how different is that from the cash flow contribution you get from a video sub today? Thanks.
Chris Winfrey: Second one is an interesting question. And I think how I answer that without going too deep. So, broadband, youre right, trends tend to be better in the second half of the year than the first half. There is nothing going on that would change that normal seasonality, for all the reasons that Tom spoke about earlier and I did as well. All the operating metrics are moving in the right direction and we expect to  our target and our goal is to be accelerating customer and Internet relationship growth rate for the full year. And I think that implies also doing pretty well in the second half as well. Well see where we end up, but thats the goal. Cash flow contribution from a wireless customer once weve reached scale. Yes, I think you have two opposing trends. When you think about cash flow contribution going all the way down to EBITDA and including the effects of CapEx, youre comparing a video business where the contribution margin is declining over time, its utility to Internet is not. But its cash flow on a standalone basis, which Tom just went through why its not the right way to look at it. But those lines will cross. And at what point in time, Im not going to get into exactly what your models would say, but I think your premise is generally right. I would add that the mobile contribution, as the networks converge, the opportunity to move that to a higher contribution exists. And the other aspect of the mobile contribution is its pull through to the overall relationship and how significant that is. And so, you can look it as a standalone business with a margin contribution, but you can also look at it, as just described video, which is the product that you carry on a network that is ultimately an attribute of the network and drives our overall customer relationships.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks, Jonathan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Yes, hi. Thank you. Tom, I just wanted to follow up on something you said in your prepared remarks. Can you elaborate on your plans to upgrade to 3 gigahertz. I know you said you could, but you also alluded to, like, a whole new suite of products and services. So, I guess, whats the plan, timeframe, cost and what do you  whats [indiscernible].
Tom Rutledge: Yes. Well, I would say, we just upgraded the network to 1 gig and we did that for less than $10 per home passed, and so every home passed that we currently have, which is 51 million as a 1 gig capable network sitting in front of it, and we think theres a significant amount of product development that can occur within that capacity that were making available everywhere right now. And so, we dont have any plans to immediately upgrade our network. And in fact, because we have the 1 gig everywhere, certain costs of network development have actually come out of the business because we have so much more capacity in the network and what we call contention costs, the cost of continuously upgrading your network to make the volume of data go through it. And so, capital intensity has come out of the business as a result of the last upgrade we did. All Im saying is that we have a relatively inexpensive pathway to future services which are even hard to describe, but that can be very high capacity, very low latency, high compute, distributed high compute and we can make new products and services develop over time more efficiently than our competitors. And that is a great asset over the long term.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks, Jessica.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line or Philip Cusick from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Philip Cusick: Hi, thanks. Chris, youve expressed confidence in accelerating broadband growth in the back half and youve talked a lot about the sort of slow changes that are happening in the business. But Im still having a hard time seeing what needs to change for that to happen versus the stable broadband adds from last year this quarter? And then, second, and weve talked about this before, but as you think about pricing, can you get this business to double-digit broadband revenue growth without taking more price, especially as video trends weaken? Thanks.
Chris Winfrey: Repeat the second question. Your question was double-digit broadband revenues or?
Philip Cusick: Yes. So, we get to double-digit broadband revenue growth as video trends weekend, and is that sort of dragging broadband down with it. Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: Got it. And let me start with the first question. I think not pretty sure whether it is at your conference or whether it was on the last earnings call I mentioned, Q2 is a seasonal disconnect quarter. So, trying to evaluate the success of a multi-year strategy based on a seasonal disconnect quarter, its a little fraught. We had a really good year-over-year in Q1. We expect accelerated customer relationship and Internet growth for the full year. I just commented; I think the back half will be better. Its also true that, during the first half of last year, we were still working through a number of different integration issues. And its also true that churn is coming down across every single type of churn. Three major types of churn across three different companies or legacy platforms, so 9 different metrics of churn that are all going south in a good way. And so, all you need to do is maintain or increase your sales to have improved net adds. And given everything that weve been talking about in the business, while its not guaranteed, were pretty confident that thats where were heading. It doesnt mean a single quarter. It means for a year, which I think is more important than a single quarter. And thats where were heading and were pretty confident. As it relates to double-digit broadband revenue growth, keep in mind that GAAP forces us to reallocate revenue across all these products. So, I wouldnt spend too much time on a single product line looking at the revenue growth of that. What makes more the bigger difference is customer relationship growth and on the bill to the extent that we have a change in rate, either because of higher amount of single play thats coming through or because of some additional speed uptakes, which we are getting a fair amount of that going into the 400 megabit service more than we probably expected. I think the broadband business has the ability and the potential to grow at a really healthy rate for a long period of time. Whether or not with GAAP allocations that are moving across voice back into broadband and video or not, I think its going to be healthy for a long time, and I think thats where Id leave it.
Philip Cusick: Can I clarify that for a second? it sounds like, if churn is down and units are flat year-over-year, then sales must be down as well?
Chris Winfrey: So, if you go back to what I said.
Philip Cusick: With more efficient sales, I would think margins would be better than theyre showing if sales are down.
Chris Winfrey: Margins are up, what, 0.8% year-over-year in cable, and thats not a small move. And so, I dont know. I think its pretty healthy and attractive. What I mentioned in the prepared remarks is, if you think about the I disclosed it because I think it matters, the growth rates, if you take a look at Legacy Charter growing in the high 5s and Bright House growing at even 7.7% and TWC growing at 4.3% is a great growth rate, but its not where wed like to get it. And so, to your point, in the second quarter of having slightly lower sales, that was occurring in the TWC footprint. And I dont think theres anything systemic there. Were just now hitting our stride and I think well look at it throughout the year.
Philip Cusick: Okay, thank you.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks, Phil.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Feldman from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brett Feldman: Yes. And just to follow-up on that, is there any incremental color around the competitive backdrop within the legacy Time Warner footprint that we need to be thinking more about? Or is it just normal ebbs and flows in the business? Because it would seem like, with that being your biggest subsidiary, thats the biggest opportunity for a needle mover in terms of improved broadband trends. And then, just a question on the billing cycle migration or standardization, you mentioned the working capital impact. Were there any other impacts, whether it was the subscriber trends, ARPUs or anything else we should adjust for as we work through our models? Thanks.
Tom Rutledge: So, Brett, Tom Rutledge. I think that the performance of all of the assets Bright House, Time Warner Cable and Charter should converge, and thats our expectation. And theres nothing that we see specific about the marketplace or the competitive environment that [indiscernible] impact. So, we think that there are still execution issues that we can improve upon as we have consolidated the company and consolidated call flow and workflow and sales flow, so that we get similar results across the platform. And that has taken us some time, but were getting there. And we anticipate that well get to a kind of a converged output, which will be higher than what we have today.
Chris Winfrey: And on the billing standardization, Brett, really its a small change, but its just had a working capital impact. It actually has a meaningful impact on the number of billing calls that we expect to receive, so we expect a significant reduction as a result of having less service calls per churn over time. But there is no impact to ARPU. There is no impact to subs. And there is no financial impact other than the working capital that I had mentioned on the call. So, net-net, a one-time change and it should be for the long-term benefit of the company.
Brett Feldman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant from Evercore. Please go ahead.
Vijay Jayant: Thanks. Mostly for probably Chris. So, obviously, there is a lot of question about margins given the sub trend. So, I just wanted to come back to a comment you made that, in second quarter, there was a 1.5% negative growth impact from advertising to EBITDA. I didnt quite understand. So, advertising had negative contribution? And so, I just want to understand that. And second, the other operating expenses, which normally grow about 5%, was up more like 8% this quarter and some property taxes and [indiscernible]. Is that the new run rate, if you can help us that? Thanks.
Chris Winfrey: Sure. So, the 1.5% EBITDA impact from advertising, thats net of the costs related to political advertisers. Were in a non-political year. And when you have political advertising last year, you dont this year. Its just to say if you didnt have political advertising impacting, the EBITDA margin for cable would have been 1.5% higher. The reason I provided that is, I didnt want people to just flow through the revenue effects without taking into account that there are some costs attached to political advertising as well. So, I think for this quarter, we wanted to provide and well probably do the same in Q3 and Q4 just so people can take a look at it on an apples-to-apples basis. I am sorry the second question was related to?
Vijay Jayant: Other.
Chris Winfrey: Other expenses. Yes. Oddly enough, some of that expense is actually being driven by our in-sourcing where property cash I know this is in the weeds, but its the truth. Property and casualty insurance expense related to insourcing your labor force is flowing through us as opposed through contract labor. Now that were towards the tail end of insourcing the labor force to the target levels, I think, over time Im not telling you Q3, Q4. Im telling you, looking out into next year and beyond, my hope is that thats not the new run rate.
Vijay Jayant: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much. Tom, I guess, if you look at what AT&T is trying to do in terms of bending the cost curve on programming costs and, obviously, youve got Disney next week and Fox in the not-too-distant future, sort of at the end of the year. Do you sort of think there is an opportunity for pay TV companies to get tougher with the programmers or is that something or do you sort of take the other side of it and say, you know what, lets just keep raising the price of our video services enough, so that our dollar gross margin stays unchanged on a per customer basis. And if the programmers want to push through price increases and basically price the product out of the business, thats okay because your sort of baseline here youre a connectivity company and theyre not going to get those video services any cheaper outside piracy anyway. So, any thought on just sort of video strategy around programming costs and how to manage it would be helpful?
Tom Rutledge: Well, I feel strongly both ways. And Im not really trying to be funny. I dont like raising the prices to our customers. Our customers dont know what the value where the price increase is coming from, and they attribute it to us and that affects our overall satisfaction and it affects our overall relationship and our brand equity, so to speak, with the customer. And so, I think, hitting rates and asking people to disconnect is not a very attractive way to manage the video business. On the other hand, if you dont fight with programmers to maintain some sort of price integrity for your customer, you would pass through a lot of product. So, its a balancing act from my point of view. What I really wish is that the price value of programming wasnt being destroyed by the programmers. And the reason I say that is that, if you do a 10% programming price increase and you lose 10% of your customers, you dont really get anywhere, and yet youve alienated a lot of people. And, in fact, thats actually happening and it has been happening. And the reason price increases arent able to go through it and if you look at the difference between where prices have gone and where revenues have gone to content companies, they are not able to realize their price increases in their revenue line. And the reason is the product is available for free everywhere over the air, TV Everywhere, all sorts of excess streams being sold through virtual multi-channel video providers and through TV Everywhere, and there is absolutely no security on the product whatsoever. That changes the price-value relationship to customers and makes it impossible to raise prices and generate revenue. So, my wish would be that the content industry would manage their content and their copyright to their own benefit instead of pushing through price. And we still think that we have a lot of video customers and they dont want to have price increases, and so I expect continuous fighting for the foreseeable future.
Vijay Jayant: This might not be something you have at your fingertips, Tom, but you can see what people are doing on broadband. Is there any sort of quantification you can give us relative to the piracy? Or are you sort of seeing in the traffic sort of obvious increases in piracy over time?
Tom Rutledge: Yes, its massive. And essentially, all the customers that are lost to video are still watching TV.
Vijay Jayant: Alright. Very interesting. Thank you very much. Alright. Thank you, Tom.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Kraft from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Kraft: Hi, good morning. I had two. The first one is a free cash flow question. Chris, as we think about mobile CapEx next year, should we expect it to continue at this, call it, little less than $100 million per quarter rate beyond this year or at some point, does it tail off as you complete infrastructure retail footprint build-out? And then, the other question I had is, if you were to build out your own wireless network capacity over licensed spectrum, would your existing MVNO agreement have to be modified? In other words, does the MVNO agreement allow you to incorporate your own network capacity into the service model and have customers switching between Verizons network and your own? Thanks.
Chris Winfrey: So, mobile CapEx, it really is a function primarily of the retail footprint upgrade. We wont be 100% done by the end of this year. So, I think some of that will continue at least for the first half of next year, but it has a finite life attached to it. So, that CapEx is going to be largely non-recurring. There is some software development CapEx which is elevated as you get into the business and that should also come down. It wont that piece wont 100% disappear. And as it relates to the MVNO, what we talk about particularly on the last call was Tom went through is, we are testing aggressively whats called dual SIM and that, under our current MVNO, would give us, we believe, the ability and a high-quality way to offload traffic. But that comes from any small cell build that we did using CBRS or other unlicensed or licensed spectrum, that all looks really promising at this point. It would be ROI based to the extent that we work through any of that small cell build in the home, in the business or on strand. And that would have an implication a positive ROI, but it would have an implication on some CapEx associated with that, tying to your first question.
Tom Rutledge: And the other thing, Bryan, I would add to that is 80% of all the bids in the wireless mobile platform are currently being carried on our Wi-Fi network. And thats true of all the bits of all the carriers. And so, I said last time, our average customer is using over 250 gigs a month. And if you look at our average customer who is broadband only and who is still watching TV, a la the last discussion we just had, but theyre watching it for free or theyre paying for Netflix or some other service and watching it for free. They are using over 450 gigs a month. And so, the average cellular customer is using between 600 gigs and 800 gigs. So, you have this tremendous offload already occurring on our network and we expect that trend to continue. And we go and take advantage of it from an investment and cost of service perspective.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike McCormack from Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Mike McCormack: Hi, guys. Thanks. Maybe just a quick comment on the Stream products, what you are seeing there as far as the demographic thats taking it up? I presume we might know the answer. And then, maybe just frame how you think about that from a success-based standpoint, like [indiscernible] so far? And then, thinking about the plans, I know, Tom, youre talking about the 1 gig ubiquitous product. When you get into the neighborhood, whats the real experience there if we need to thinking about longer term, having all those homes guaranteed at 1 gig, what might be required from a CapEx standpoint to do that? Thanks.
Tom Rutledge: So, the Stream issue, we are selling more Stream products proportionally to video products. Thats cost driven for consumers. The price of the bundle is very expensive and we talked about content companies trying to push rate buttons. And so, there are a lot of customers who cant afford it, dont necessarily know how to go over the top and take it free or wouldnt consider doing that. And so, theyre downgrading to Stream both from existing packages and going there from on the increment. And its really the save money. Most consumers would like to have it all. And so, we are trying to smartly market Stream products to those consumers who are income constrained. And its were generally pretty good at targeting that, but its not a perfect science. So, theres a tension between our strategies in trying to sell full packages and to sell Stream at the same time to those who are income constrained. And were just playing the marketplace and trying to be responsive to consumers video needs. So, I dont know where it goes. And I dont know where our contractual relationships will allow us to take it either. With regard to upgrade and throughput in the plant, we have a lot of capacity in the plant already and we dont expect material changes in our capital trends as a result of the growth of data throughput in sort of a foreseeable future. We do think there is a long-run opportunity to create new products that cant work in todays environment for relatively small capital investments. But if you look at the current operating model, the current marketplace, we dont anticipate, even with the rate of data consumption increasing, that were going to have any sort of outsized trend in capital required.
Mike McCormack: Thanks, Tom.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Kannan Venkateshwar from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Thank you. I guess one for Chris and one for Tom. So, Chris, I guess the programing expense on account of some of the new content that youre producing is on the exclusives. I think they show up in the franchise fees line and I think that number has been growing mid-single digit recently. So, how long should we expect that line to be elevated in terms of content? And, Tom, from your perspective, I think youve expressed an interest in potentially other cable assets if they do become available. So, just wanted to get your updated thoughts on priorities relative to wireless, if there are opportunities that do come up, how do you stack up those priorities? Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: On the original content programming expense, if you take a look at, I think, whats in the Q as well as in the prepared remarks I had, its the tiniest of all the drivers in that line. Were talking single digit millions. And thats a function of the cost of production being amortized over the life of the asset, which is typical content industry accounting. So, its not a material driver inside of Q2 and its not going to be significant in any way, particularly when you look at it as it relates to our programming. So, very, very small. We just mentioned it because I think it was the third or fourth largest driver in that category.
Tom Rutledge: And so, your second question about whats more important from an asset perspective if youre doing M&A, look, I think the cable business is a great business and I think its well positioned to be the connectivity infrastructure going forward and has cost opportunities that cant be easily replicated and, therefore, makes it a wonderful business that allows you to move massive capacity through it and its fully deployed. And I think there are scale advantages to having more cable. And so, I would look at the cable asset as the most valuable asset. We dont have any need today to do any wireless M&A and I dont know that I would do any if it were available. Obviously, it depends on what it costs, but the cable business is the predominant distribution vehicle for data even in a mobile environment because, as you think about the future of mobile, the cells are very small. We already are a small cell provider through our Wi-Fi platform. And as other small cell technologies become available, we have a fully distributed high capacity, easy to upgrade, efficient to upgrade network pretty much everywhere on the streets and byways and that gives  makes the cable business a great business.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: Thank you.
Tom Rutledge: Thanks everyone for being on the call today.
Operator: Thank you. This will conclude todays conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-30 10:25:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Michelle, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Charters First Quarter 2019 Investor Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Stefan Anninger. Please go ahead.
Stefan Anninger: Good morning, and welcome to Charters first quarter 2019 investor call. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our Web site, ir.charter.com under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K and also our 10-Q filed this morning. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call. However, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect managements current view only and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements or to make additional forward-looking statements in the future. During the course of todays call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures as defined by Charter may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. Please also note that all growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise specified. Joining me on todays call are Tom Rutledge, Chairman and CEO; and Chris Winfrey, our CFO. With that, Ill turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas Rutledge: Thanks, Stefan. With the most customer impacting and capital intensive developments of our integration behind us, were now focused on growing our business. Were doing that by driving high-quality subscriptions, reducing transactions and churn with high-quality products and service and maintaining and creating product superiority with a value proposition that our competitors dont provide. We performed well in the first quarter and our three-year effort to deliver better products at better prices via a single operating entity with a unified product marketing and service infrastructure is beginning to payoff in our results. We added over 425,000 Internet customers in the first quarter and weve created over 350,000 new customer relationships with customer growth of nearly 4% over the last 12 months. We also added 176,000 mobile lines over 60,000 more than we added in the fourth quarter. So Spectrum Mobile is ramping quickly as expected. Our cable EBITDA growth of 7% combined with our falling capital intensity yielded strong year-over-year free cash flow growth despite our investments in Spectrum Mobile and the one-time changes in working capital that Chris mentioned last quarter. We have an excellent path in front of us for growth in both in customer relationships and cash flow. Our core asset; our powerful, flexible and easy to upgrade network allows us to offer data-rich wireline and wireless connectivity products to both consumers and businesses. And the demand for both speed and throughput on our network continues to increase driven by more devices in the home and growth in IP video. That demand will continue to grow as new technologies and applications emerge. Monthly data usage by our residential Internet customers is rising rapidly and monthly median data usage was over 200 gigabytes per customer. When you look at average monthly usage for customers that dont subscribe to our traditional video product, usage climbs to over 400 gigabytes per month, which compares to an average mobile usage of well under 10 gigabytes per month. Over 80% of our Internet customers are now in packages that deliver 100 megabits of speed or more and 30% of our customers are in packages that deliver 200 megabits or more. Were also seeing strong demand for our Ultra product which delivers 400 megabits and we have gigabit service available everywhere. Despite that, we only penetrate about 50% of our passings with our Internet product today. We view that as low relative to our potential regardless of market conditions given the importance of our connectivity services and the way we price and package them, and the fact that we have a faster, better and cost efficient pathway to offer multi-gigabit wireline and wireless speeds in the near future. For example, in only 14 months we launched DOCSIS 3.1 which took our speeds up to 1 gigabit across our entire footprint at a cost of just $9 per passing enabling 51 million passings to receive this service. We also have the ability at low incremental cost to expand our existing connectivity product set and in coming years through what we call 10G services as our network is bandwidth rich, fully deployed and fully powered. Today, our Spectrum Mobile product is being sold through our MVNO agreement with Verizon and we believe that product will help drive our connectivity customer growth. Were currently testing the possibility to broaden the mobile capabilities of our network using a combination of Dual SIM technology with unlicensed and potentially licensed Spectrum deployed in home, in business, on strand and across our 51 million passings. Any of that future development will be fully funded through a clear payback on incremental economics to our mobile business with a further goal to deliver unique and truly converged connectivity products more quickly and more efficiently than our competitors. Were also investing in other new products. In video, we recently launched our TV Essentials package and continue to drive growth of our Spectrum Stream and Choice products. We just launched Cloud DVR functionality for those streaming products. Spectrum Guide is now fully rolled out to all new video connects with a set-top box in over 90% of our footprint and were beginning to offer in-app, on-box upgrade capabilities. Were also working on developing a security, privacy and control product to accompany our core Internet product which well discuss in more detail in the coming quarters. And in enterprise we recently launched SD-WAN products nationally which will help drive better selling into multisite customers. So our connectivity product set and the services we sell with them continues to expand and offer a strong penetration growth opportunities. Over the last two and a half years, we have deployed the tools we need to grow new customer relationships quickly. Our sales channels are improving their effectiveness in selling our simple, easy to understand Spectrum pricing and packaging which we modified last fall to include Spectrum Mobile. Were also seeing an increase in frictionless sales and service delivery to our online sales portals, our growing self-installation program and our self-service applications. Our operating model and infrastructure is also designed to reduce customer transaction volume and churn and were seeing declines in each of those metrics. The improvements are being driven by better product and pricing, less integration activity and the better service were delivering whether it be from our call centers or in the field. Our customer care and field operations in-sourcing initiative is nearly complete and continues to produce higher quality service. Our internal IT infrastructure which weve built over the last few years will be fully deployed by the end of this year and are self-care platform is developing on schedule. These efforts take time to fully realize but were already witnessing a decline in service transactions, better quality service on the customers own terms with first-time resolution and less churn. So were pleased with our progress and our operating model is designed to drive continuous improvement and long-term growth in a way that works for customers, our employees, communities we serve and our shareholders. Now Ill turn it over to Chris.
Christopher Winfrey: Thanks, Tom. Turning to our results on Slide 5. Total residential and SMB customer relationships grew by 351,000 in the first quarter and by over 1 million relationships over the last 12 months. Including residential and SMB, Internet grew by 428,000 in the quarter. Video declined by 145,000, wireline voice declined by 99,000 and we added 176,000 higher ARPU mobile lines. 74% of our acquired residential customers were in Spectrum pricing and packaging at the end of the first quarter. Pricing and packaging migration transactions are slowing which together with the completion of the network upgrades last year, means that in 2019 were already seeing lower CPE spending, fewer service calls and meaningful term benefits. In residential Internet, we added a total of 398,000 customers versus 334,000 in the first quarter last year. The year-over-year improvement was primarily driven by a decline in churn as our product, billing, service and collection activities improved. Over the last 12 months, weve grown our total residential Internet customer base by 1.2 million customers or 5.1%. Over the last year, our residential video customers declined by 2%. Similar to Internet, we benefitted from a decline in total video churn year-over-year but that was offset by lower video gross additions. Despite some video loss, we expect to continue to grow our EBITDA and cash flow at healthy rates. As part of a bundle, video drives Internet sales and reduces churn and it remains an integral part of our business strategy for connectivity services even as it drives less standalone profit over time. Were focused on the full profitability and returns to the customer or passing which includes video when it matters. We continue to add new services to our network and increase our revenue per passing and lower our cost per dollar revenue by adding significant value to as many customers as we can, connected to our fixed network. In wireline voice, we lost 120,000 residential customers in the quarter versus a loss of 54,000 last year driven by lower sell-in following our transition to selling mobile inside the bundle and continued fixed and mobile substitution in the market generally. Turning to mobile. As I mentioned, we added 176,000 mobile lines in the quarter which came from a healthy mix of both Unlimited and By the Gig lines. As of March 31, we now have 310,000 lines, so mobile is ramping nicely and the early results of this product launch remain promising. Over time, we not only expect Spectrum Mobile to become a meaningful driver of our connectivity sales and retention, we also expect it to be profitable on a standalone basis once it reaches scale. And we believe there will be opportunities to further improve the economics of our mobile business and offer unique connectivity services. Last month, we began including the fees and taxes associated with our Unlimited and By the Gig packages within our existing pricing rather than as an add-on making our mobile product even easier to sell and service. Our bring-your-own-device program is expanding on schedule and by the end of the second quarter, we expect BYOD to be launched across essentially all channels and the most popular devices. Over the last year we grew total residential customers by 861,000 or 3.3%. Residential revenue per customer relationship grew by 1% year-over-year given the lower rate of SPP migration and promotional campaign roll off and rate adjustments. And we did grow subs in wireline voice and video taxes in both revenue and expense as we did last quarter with no impact to EBITDA in the past or now. Those ARPU benefits were partially offset by a higher mix of the Internet-only customers and a higher mix of choice and stream within our video base. As Slide 6 shows, our cable customer growth combined with our ARPU growth resulted in year-over-year residential revenue growth of 4.2%. Keep in mind that our cable ARPU does not reflect any mobile revenue. Turning to commercial. Total SMB and enterprise revenue combined grew by 4.3% in the first quarter. SMB revenue grew by 5% faster than last quarter as the revenue effect from the repricing of our SMB products in Legacy TWC and Bright House has slowed. Sequentially, SMB ARPU was essentially flat and over time we expect our SMB revenue growth rate to converge with our SMB customer relationship growth rate. And weve grown SMB customer relationships by about 10% in the last year. Enterprise revenue was up by 3.4% and excluding cell backhaul and Navisite, enterprise grew by 6.1% with 11% PSU growth year-over-year. Our enterprise group is at an earlier stage of its own pricing and packaging similar to what weve done in our SMB and residential businesses over the last two years. The process of moving customers to more competitive pricing pressures enterprise ARPU in the near term, but ultimately the revenue growth will follow the unit growth as its beginning to do in SMB. First quarter advertising revenue declined by a little over 3% year-over-year due to less political revenue in the quarter. Mobile revenue totaled $140 million with $116 million of that revenue being EIP device revenue. So in total, consolidated first quarter revenue was up 5.1% year-over-year with cable revenue growth of 3.8% or 4.1% when excluding advertising. Moving to operating expenses on Slide 7. In the first quarter, total operating expenses grew by $387 million or 5.7% year-over-year. Excluding mobile, operating expenses increased by 2%. Programming increased 4.1% year-over-year as we had a small programming benefit in the first quarter. And as I mentioned last quarter, a mid-single digit growth rate is probably a good baseline for 2019 programming cost growth. Regulatory connectivity and produced content grew by 5% driven by the same voice and video tax and fee gross up in revenue, video CPE devices sold to customers partly offset by a year-over-year decline in content cost given fewer Lakers games in the first quarter of 2019 versus the first quarter of 2018. Cost to service customers declined by 1.7% year-over-year compared to 3.8% customer relationship growth. And even when excluding some bad debt improvement, cost to service customers were down slightly year-over-year. So were meaningfully lowering our per-relationship service cost which is core to our strategy. Whether through in-sourcing, training, business process and system changes, these are all a series of small improvements which together with our pricing and packaging promotion structure generates improvements which take time but ultimately drive momentum. Cable marketing expenses declined by 2% year-over-year and other cable expenses were up 4.8% driven by insurance and software costs. Mobile expenses totaled $260 million and were comprised of mobile device cost tied to the EIP device revenue, market launch costs and operating expenses to stand up and operate the business, including our own personnel and overhead costs and our portion of the JV with Comcast. Cable adjusted EBITDA grew by 7% in the first quarter. And when including the mobile EBITDA startup loss of $120 million, total adjusted EBITDA grew by 4.2%. As we look to 2019, annualizing our fourth quarter 2018 mobile EBITDA loss is a good starting place for estimating our 2019 mobile EBITDA losses subject to the same assumptions we laid out on the last call. Turning to net income on Slide 8. We generated $253 million of net income to Charter's shareholders in the first quarter versus $168 million last year. The year-over-year increase was primarily driven by higher adjusted EBITDA, lower depreciation and amortization expense and lower merger and restructuring charges and thats partly offset by higher GAAP tax expense and non-cash write-down of a Legacy TWC investment and higher interest expense. Turning to Slide 9. Capital expenditures totaled just under $1.7 billion in the first quarter with our cable CapEx declining by about $600 million year-over-year that was driven by lower CPE with less SPP migration and as we finished all digital last quarter. We also had lower scalable infrastructure primarily driven by the completion of our DOCSIS 3.1 upgrade in the fourth quarter and lower support spending within cable. That was partly offset by higher spend on line extensions as we continue to build out and fulfill our merger conditions. And we spent $88 million on mobile-related CapEx this quarter which is mostly accounted for in support capital and was driven by retail footprint upgrades for mobile and software, some of which is related to our JV with Comcast. Annualizing our fourth quarter 2018 mobile CapEx figures remains a simple way to estimate our full year 2019 mobile CapEx. We expect mobile CapEx for the launch of our MVNO service will decline following the upgrade of our retail footprint. As a reminder, for the full year 2019, our internal plan calls for roughly $7 billion of total cable CapEx in 2019 despite the usual first quarter seasonality. If we find new high ROI projects during the course of the year or that accelerated spend on existing projects would drive faster growth, we would continue to do so. An example in mobile would be a clear payback on moving traffic onto our own network and while thats probably not a 2019 event, it is something well evaluate as our mobile network develops the capabilities Tom outlined. Slide 10 shows we generated $645 million of consolidated free cash flow this quarter, including about $290 million of investment in the launch of mobile. Excluding mobile, we generated $936 million of cable free cash flow, up nearly $1 billion versus last years first quarter. The year-over-year growth was driven by higher adjusted EBITDA and lower cable CapEx. And as expected, we had a negative change in cable working capital during the first quarter primarily due to a meaningful decline in our cable CapEx accruals and payables. Although I expect our full year change in cable working capital to be negative primarily because of Q1, as we move through the year the cable business should exhibit more typical quarterly working capital seasonality. And as we move to 2020, I would expect changes in our cable working capital to be neutral to beneficial to our full year free cash flow results. On the mobile side, we continue to add mobile customers, which drives handset-related working capital needs as we accelerate growth rates and we should expect to see that trend continue for the foreseeable future. On the balance sheet, we finished the quarter with $73.4 billion in debt principal. Our current run rate annualized cash interest including the impact of repaying $2 billion of TWC 8.25% notes on April 1st that is now $3.8 billion. As of the end of the first quarter, our net debt to last 12 months adjusted EBITDA was 4.43x. We intend to stay at or below the high end of our 4x to 4.5x leverage range and we include the upfront investment of mobile to be more conservative than looking at cable-only leverage and that cable-only leverage was 4.34x at the end of Q1 and its declining. We have strong visibility on EBITDA growth and accelerating cash flow growth, tax assets, long-dated maturities and attractive weighted average cost to debt and we naturally delever as much as a half churn per year absent buybacks. All of that suggest our current leverage is prudent and if we see a permanent increase in our refinancing costs, a change in business outlook or investment opportunities, we can reduce our total leverage quickly and efficiently. During the quarter, we also repurchased 2.9 million Charter shares and Charter Holdings common units totaling about $1 billion at an average price of $330 per share. And since September of 2016, weve repurchased 20% of Charters equity at an average price of $328 per share. So our operating model network capabilities now in the future and our balance sheet strategy all work together over long periods of time and we expect our results to reflect a growing infrastructure asset with a lot of ancillary products to use for and sell on top of our core connectivity services with good value and service to our customers to grow cash flow with tax advantaged levered equity returns. Operator, were now ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Vijay Jayant from Evercore. Your line is open.
Vijay Jayant: Thanks. Tom, youve talked about the strategic interest in firstly getting some mid-band spectrum and you talked about trying to get mobile traffic on your network. Can you just talk about what the opportunities are and what the investment opportunity can be? And I dont think its a 2019 event per se, but anything on that front would be helpful. And then very quickly for Chris, you talk about the shift in working capital. Is that something we should start seeing in 2Q given this is a massive use of working capital in 1Q and going forward becoming a tailwind? Thank you.
Thomas Rutledge: As I said in my remarks, it probably isnt any time issue. We are doing experiments with the capability of moving traffic in an efficient way where its economically viable to do so, which means that whatever capital investment we would make would be offset by a reduction in MVNO cost and therefore would be a higher return than we would do  we would get by just spending MVNO cost. So its really at least by build analysis. So from a technical point of view there are multiple spectrum opportunities, some of which are free and some of which are licensed. CBRS is what were experimenting in and that will be available to us at no cost, at least part of it will be. And we also continue to develop WiFi and WiFi capabilities. And so there are a mix of WiFi licensed and unlicensed opportunities and they can be used in different locations. We look at really sort of three physical infrastructure zones; one is the home, one is on the physical plant and the other is potentially macro-tower type spectrum capabilities. We think that the most significant opportunity maybe on our strand, but we havent completed any of the experiments yet and we havent decided to deploy any capital, but thats the opportunity.
Christopher Winfrey: Vijay, on the working capital question taking a step back and a growing cable business because it has longer DPO than DSO should actually contribute cash to working capital. And so since were in the cable business, we expect over the longer term and full year cycles to actually generate cash flow from working capital. That wasnt the case in Q1 as we had a big step down in our capital expenditure, a big step down in our payables and accruals related to that. And so you have the one-time hit associated with unwinding that CapEx cycle. We also had the one-time benefit on the windup if you look back in 2016 and 2017, we actually generated $2 billion of cash flow from working capital some of which was permanent due to balance sheet management practices, some of it was simply just by stepping up the level of capital expenditure through the integration. But now that were done through that, it doesnt mean that quarters wont have seasonality. They do. Theres large seasonality in cable inside the quarters, but the seasonality will start to look a little bit more normal like it has in the past beginning into Q2. Were still making some minor changes inside the business that could have small impacts. Ill give you one example. In a business of this size were collecting well over $100 million a day for customer receipt. So how you end the quarter, whether its on a weekend or not can have a bit impact one year or for another. But all that aside, the normal seasonality should start to look the same really from Q2 going forward. And when you get into 2020 in the cable side of the business, working capital to the extent were growing should actually be neutral if not actually creating cash flow to free cash flow. That doesnt include mobile and mobiles a function of how faster youre growing your devices. And the amount of payments that youre receiving on these devices that were financing is also a function of how much BYOD that youre taking on. Clearly bring-your-own-device not only makes it easier for consumers and makes it easier to point of sale, but it also reduces the load on us to have to go finance the device for that customer. And so were pretty excited about BYOD being introduced. But if youre stepping up the amount of gross additions and some of that is including EIP type device financing, theres going to be a short-term pressure on working capital which relates to mobile. Its not a question of value. You get the money back over time. Its just a question of timing.
Vijay Jayant: Thank you both.
Thomas Rutledge: Youre welcome.
Christopher Winfrey: Yes.
Stefan Anninger: Operator, well take our next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Moffett from MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Craig Moffett: Yes, hi. Thank you. Two questions if I could. First, I just want to clarify your comment earlier that the current wireless or the wireless business will be profitable once it reaches scale. Should we assume that means under the current deal or is that only given some of the network enhancements and moving traffic onto your own network that youve been describing in the last couple of minutes? And then if you can also just talk about the longer-term margin and CapEx trajectory for the business, Chris? I think with the CapEx guidance for this year obviously being quite a bit lower than what people might have thought a few months ago and with margins continuing to expand, where do you think those can go longer term?
Christopher Winfrey: So the comments that were making about the ability to improve the economics of the mobile business really would be opportunities. We expect Spectrum Mobile to be profitable on a standalone basis without considering any of the benefits to cable and under the existing arrangement that we have with Verizon which we quite like. We expect that all to be profitable on a standalone basis and to add value to cable. So some of the opportunities that weve been talking about would be opportunities to make it even more profitable, maybe even faster and to create a unique product out there that doesnt exist today. But as Tom mentioned, were traveling trialing all of that. Weve got trials all across the country with different versions of Spectrum; fixed, mobile, et cetera. And were working with Dual SIM. But its probably not a 2019 event. So when I talk about profitability of the business, its sort of the agreement we have, the relationship we have thats extremely well. We expect mobile to be profitable on a standalone basis with or without any of those opportunities.
Thomas Rutledge: And profitable to Verizon as well.
Christopher Winfrey: Yes, and we think its very accretive to Verizon over time as well. As it relates to longer-term CapEx guidance, we havent given any and were not known for doing that either. But what I would tell you is that the capital expenditure for cable as a percentage of revenue, we dont see anything on the horizon that doesnt cause it to continue to decline in capital intensity as a percentage of revenue. All of that comes about because the CPE environment has gotten much more efficient, meaning we need less of it particularly on video. A lot of that is because the integration capital is now largely behind us and because the video product which has lower set-top boxes for traditional video household and we have streaming products and we just populated in our entire base of customers with new brand new CPE that has DOCSIS capabilities means that the intensity of that is going to decline. So could it get into the low-double digits? For sure and I think thats what our plans internally contemplate. I will tell you, Craig, you think about this a lot, cable has the ability to continue to invent new products. And so well work our way down on cable intensity, but theres probably revenue streams out there that nobody is modeling today that nobodys thought of today thats arent in their own business plans today and thats been the opportunity in cable really for decades and I dont think that goes away either.
Craig Moffett: All right. Thank you. And just one clarification. Is this probably the peak spending year for wireless or at least the peak  the year for peak losses or is that more likely to be 2020?
Christopher Winfrey: The losses is a trickier question because it depends on how fast youre growing. And so to the extent that youre growing fast in any subscription business thats coming from the standing start, youre going to have more EBITDA losses. So I dont want to sit here today and forecast which I could from an economic standpoint. If we were at a standstill, we werent throwing. Then the answer to your question would be yes. 2020 will be a better year. But we actually have to grow faster and so that may put more sales and marketing pressure on sat [ph] and the ability to go acquire customers. As it relates to CapEx, the bulk of the capital expenditure should be through this year maybe a little bit bleeding into next year as we finish our retail footprint. Thats our base plan. Thats the agreement that we have with Verizon. To the extent there are opportunities to build on wireless to have a clear payback and an ROI to expand our fixed line network, our WiFi network to move into small cells, to the extent that comes about well articulate it really clear and there may be an investment if we end up doing that there to be tied to an ROI and a payback as well as just on the cost side. And then to the extent you get a unique product, clearly you have revenue synergies from that as well.
Craig Moffett: All right, thats helpful. Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Craig. Well take our next question, Michelle.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Hodulik from UBS. Your line is open.
Stefan Anninger: Hi, John.
Operator: Mr. Moffett, your line is open.
Thomas Rutledge: I think it was John Hodulik. If Johns not there, maybe well move on to the next one and come back to John please.
Stefan Anninger: I think well move to the next question please, Michelle.
Operator: Okay. One moment please. Your next question will come from Jonathan Chaplin from New Street. Your line is open.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thank you. So I think the residential results really speak for themselves with the acceleration were seeing in broadband, better than expected EBITDA and the context you gave around usage for non-video subs I think really helps put the wireless substitution and the fixed wireless broadband thread into context for people. Id love to just focus a little bit more on the enterprise business. So, Chris, I think you said that subscribers in SME are growing at 10% and revenue growth should converge with subscriber growth. Is that 10% subscriber growth sustainable? Is that where you expect revenue growth to accelerate towards? And how sort of quickly over the course of this year should we see that acceleration happen? And then can enterprise achieve a similar kind of growth profile as SME? And then I guess finally on the enterprise business, are the incremental margins for that business similar to the residential business or is there more cost associated with it? Thanks.
Christopher Winfrey: Theres a lot in there. In SMB, clearly our goal is to continue to grow at those type of rates for SMB as the business gets larger, a lot of percentage just means that its a little bit harder to do. But whether its high-single digit or low-double digit, I think our view is that the SMB market is underpenetrated by us and that weve converted a lot of value there.
Thomas Rutledge: Its clearly underpenetrated relative to residential too and therefore you would think that it has a number of years of growth in front of it.
Christopher Winfrey: I agree. And in terms of the timing of when the revenue growth rate, youve got a pretty clear grasp now if you take a look at the year-over-year growth rates when it bottomed out and how its accelerating. These are  unlike the residential business, it doesnt move as fast and migrate as fast as the residential business in the business space. But its happening and revenue growth is accelerating. Do we think that it will be all the way back up by the end of this year to the revenue growth rate is the same as our unit growth rates, probably not but probably closer. And then as you look into 2020, you may have [Technical Difficulty] and it starts to look more like your customer growth rate and then maybe pricing opportunities as well in that space over time. Enterprise is another extension of that. Its even longer to work your way through that. And so I dont know if were at the trough or approaching the trough right now in the enterprise, but we think it will go through a similar cycle. Those customers are longer-term contracts. And then in the  and that business is growing at 11% PSU growth rate, our actual fiber  the core of that business fiber connectivity is growing at a much faster pace than even that 11%. Your question about the economics, the SMB economics when you think about a ROI or payback model looks a lot like the residential space. Its a high transaction business. It just has higher ARPUs and it has a lower term rate, but it has a lower upfront cost, all of which means your payback is kind of inflated on every single one of the revenue cost and recurring and upfront metrics. Enterprise, a highly accretive business and it has a multiyear payback because of the upfront construction cost, in many cases to the extent youre having to put in brand new fiber. But it has a much higher operating margin than --
Thomas Rutledge: Higher capital, higher operating margin.
Christopher Winfrey: Thats right. And so what that means is that you end up with a multiyear payback as opposed to 18 months payback. As a result, you end up with physical network infrastructure going into building that allows the acquisition of the next customer to be acquired at a higher ROI and a better payback.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thats great. Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, John. Michelle, well take our next question please.
Operator: Im going to try to open the line of John Hodulik again. Your line is open.
John Hodulik: Great. Thanks. Can you guys hear me?
Thomas Rutledge: Yes, John.
John Hodulik: Okay, great. Maybe another question on the cost side. You guys have some guidance out there for programming cost growth. On the non-programming cost growth side youve seen some declines. Can that continue to come down? And is there any sort of granularity you can provide us on some of the opportunities? You talked about moving more towards digital transactions. Anything else you can give us on that line item? And then although its small, I noticed that Navisite is providing a little bit of a headwind in terms of revenue growth, a lot of other carriers have sold their data center operations. Any chance that you guys could look to monetize that asset? Thanks.
Christopher Winfrey: On the cost to service you mentioned  well, we have several things going on. One is lower bad debt and I talked about that in the prior remarks. The second is that the integration  customer-facing integration is behind us where our calls are coming down, truck rolls are coming down, churn is coming down and we think those are still early innings in terms of the momentum that were creating there. Toms often talked about our move towards self installation and online service and the amount of cost that that can take out of the business. So I think theres a long runway for continued productivity. And when I say productivity, keep in mind that our customer relationship growth rate is pretty much 4%. And to the extent that you have cost to service customers going down by 1.7%, its close to 6% of productivity despite the fact that you have your wage increases. Its very large in that size of the business. And can it continue at that same rate? I dont know but I think its going to continue to get better and better on a per customer relationship basis. And the only caveat Id give to that is we have sales and marketing costs which are separate. Clearly we have accelerated growth, youre going to see sales and marketing start to move as well. But when you have brand new customers, the cost of provision to move those over the existing cost to service, so to the extent you have a new  higher base of newly acquired customers in a growth environment that has a negative impact on your cost to serve. So youre going to see some of that cost to serve based on our gross adds acceleration to the extent thats taking place. Your second question was around enterprise. We look at all different opportunities of what to do. Navisite was an asset that was acquired by TWC, I dont know [indiscernible] at least. But we dont really comment on M&A as it relates to the different assets that we have.
John Hodulik: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Thomas Rutledge: Just on the [ph] cost to serve, I do think its a bigger opportunity than we might have thought a few years ago. And the result  we always had a plan to have a little cost to serve by improving wages, improving the quality of every service transaction we do and improving the skills of the people and the tools and the equipment that they have so that our customer life was extended through customer satisfaction. And that in itself reduces activity in the business. A lower churn business cost less to operate than a higher churn business. And the way to get there is actually to spend more per transaction would make the transaction a higher quality transaction. And so our transaction volume is rapidly declining and its declining both because customer satisfaction has improved but also because we are having less service activity because we operate better which in itself is virtuous and that is also improves satisfaction. So that was always in our thinking and in our planning and why we did the integration the way we did it. But were getting a digital good guy as well in terms of self-service capabilities, our ability to direct ship customers equipment, have them self-install that equipment, self provision that equipment, all of that upside from a digital economy perspective is really sort of fortuitous for us in the sense that it wasnt really in our operating planning model.
Stefan Anninger: Good. Thanks, John. Michelle, well take our next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. I have a question for Tom on broadband growth and then a question for Chris. Tom, you guys are doing I think you said 5% broadband customer growth in the last 12 months. You called out churn being a driver of that growth. When you look out, can you talk about the runway you see ahead of the business to keep that growth rate going or at least to continue to drive down churn from where you are today? And you called out something I think you referred to as 10G services. I think I got that right tied to connectivity. Since you mentioned it in your prepared remarks, I wanted to see if you had more color on the product roadmap? And then just for Chris more near term, youre lapping last years billing system stuff which I think impacted both customer adds and bad debt. Could you just help remind us how Q2 compared to Q1 last year so we can think about the impact in the quarter we just saw versus whats coming up? Thank you.
Thomas Rutledge: So, Ben, Ill do the 10G question. Chris can talk about our year-over-year comps. The 10G notion is really connected to what we just accomplished in going to 1 gig and its the capability of a relatively inexpensive upgrade to our physical infrastructure and to provide a whole new level of service. And 10G is a set of specifications that weve actually completed at CableLabs for the whole traditional cable TV broadband industry that creates a technical pathway to upgrade plant at reasonable costs to 10 gigs symmetrical service. And it will ultimately allow us to have 10 gig wireless service. In fact all the devices we anticipate in the future being connected to our network will most likely be wireless products. And so 10G is a set of specifications that take us to a new platform. And we can build that platform incrementally through time going to 3G or 5G or 10G and actually a whole new set of specs are being developed to go to 25 gig capability and weve been able to expand realistically through testing and specifications the capacity to our network by 4x. So were 750 megahertz capacity platforms today but we can see ourselves going to 3 gigabit capability in terms of breadth spectrum available in our infrastructure. So its really designed as a notion to show that we have a great infrastructure platform that we can build new infrastructure platform capabilities on top of what we already have at low incremental costs and create new industries. Now I dont know who needs 10 gig symmetrical today, but that probably means that we have a very high compute low latency, high capacity network. And what are the services that require that gaining new forms of entertainment that are very immersive and new forms of education in medicine that are very immersive. And we think we are the platform of choice for the development of those future products.
Ben Swinburne: And just on churn, Tom, any comment on runway to keep driving that down and keep this level of broadband growth going?
Thomas Rutledge: Well, yes. We still think were underpenetrated both in residential and in commercial and we think that theres a lot of opportunity for growth with superior products and high quality products and superior service and pricing impacting of those products. And our primary objective to grow market share through quality and we think theres lots of upside.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks.
Christopher Winfrey: So, Ben, that was the longer-term outlook and clearly if you take a look at the results in the past couple of quarters, we have momentum and we had a strong quarter in customer relationship and Internet net adds. They improved meaningfully year-over-year. In part that was driven as you mentioned by the high level of integration activity and disruption that we have and much of which we planned for in 2018. So in the shorter term, our goal is to accelerate relationships and financial growth in 2019. But as you think about the rest of the year, keep in mind that the 2018 quarters were less impacted by integration activity as the year progressed. And so to your point, does that mean it becomes a slightly more difficult comp over the year? Yes, but we also have the benefit of the changes that we have made, the momentum that were creating that clearly Q1 we had a strong quarter in our goals to continue to get better throughout the year and longer term for all the reasons that Tom mentioned.
Stefan Anninger: Michelle, well take our next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Kraft from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Bryan Kraft: Thanks. Good morning. You obviously had a strong first quarter as far as broadband sub growth. Can you just comment on a competitive environment broadly, are you seeing any change in competitive behavior or promotional intensity from any of your large competitors or are things pretty much stable? And then I also just wanted to ask a follow up on margins. Excluding mobile, cable EBITDA margin improved by about 110 basis points year-over-year. Was there anything in the quarter that was temporary or unusual in this quarters numbers relative to how youre thinking about the rest of the year? Thank you.
Thomas Rutledge: So, Bryan, I think that the competitive environment hasnt changed significantly. This year its still very competitive. And what were doing is improving our own products and the way we operate. And I think the change in our growth rate is primarily because of things were doing not because of the way the marketplace is behaving.
Christopher Winfrey: And on margin, theres seasonality each year inside of cable business based on the quarterly connects. So if you think about Q2, its a heavy disconnect quarter; Q3 is a heavy connect quarter. Both of those have been impacting margins, but thats the same year-over-year. The only thing that was unique inside of Q1 this year, we had I mentioned as we think about future quarters programming costs, we had a small benefit that wasnt particularly large but a small benefit in programming. And the comments I made about our expectations for programming for this year would be in mid-single digits or close to that 4%. Its a pretty small difference but thats the only thing that was inside the quarter that I would highlight in that respect. The business is getting more efficient for all the reasons that we talked about earlier on the cost to serve primarily.
Bryan Kraft: Thanks very much.
Thomas Rutledge: Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Michelle, well take our next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Philip Cusick from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Philip Cusick: Hi, guys. I guess a little bit of a follow up. Obviously the broadband results were great but the video sub numbers softer year-over-year. And despite the TV Essentials launch, you mentioned video gross adds were down year-over-year. Should we see this as the company deemphasizing video in some way or has there been a shift away from the video broadband double play that you were focused on in the fourth quarter? Thanks.
Thomas Rutledge: The video business has its challenges. Weve talked about a lot over the last several years and weve said were sort of financially indifferent to whats going on in the video business, but we still believe that video is an attractive product that we should sell it and it should be integral to our product and helps drive our core relationships. All the trends in video that have been going on continue to go on and the issues that are knocking video growth down are the price of the big bundle and the security of the big bundle and its easy to get with password sharing and we still think a high priced, easy to get for free service is a hard thing to sell off. And that we continue to develop new video products and were trying to serve the whole marketplace and be available as a video provider with high quality integrated video service for all the customers that want to buy that service from us. So where we stand in the continuum and what our operational issues are as we begin to emphasize mobile in our packaging? Yes, those things have small effects on the general performance of the company and they probably do on our video game, but the macro trends I think are that video is going to decline and the question is how fast. And I think with satellite declining at the rate it is but there are opportunities for us to convert those customers into our customers along with making them our broadband customers. And so we still think that video is a driver for us in terms of customer creation. But its prioritized in our internal operational tactics appropriately based on everything I just said.
Philip Cusick: So as you sell a product to a new customer, obviously broadband first. Now mobile seems to have taken some precedent in that selling process versus video.
Thomas Rutledge: I wouldnt say it takes a precedent but mobile has its own  were still ramping mobile into our operation. And were changing the nature of our triple play and the price value relationship of our triple play as a result of mobile. And it impacts the overall performance of the individual components. But video is important to us and mobiles important to us. But theyre important really as drivers of the whole relationship. And so I wouldnt prioritize one over the other.
Philip Cusick: Got it. Thanks, Tom.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Phil. Michelle, well take our next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike McCormack from Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Mike McCormack: Hi. Great. Thanks, guys. Maybe just a quick comment. I noticed you said taxes and fees are not included in the mobile plans. How much of an impact does that have on profitability? And I guess, Chris, if you could just sort of walk through where thats being accounted for? I presume its just the contra-revenue line? And then secondly just on the buyback, is this pace staying in 1Q something we should expect to continue for the balance of the year? Thanks.
Christopher Winfrey: Sorry, what was the second question that you had?
Thomas Rutledge: Buyback pace.
Mike McCormack: The buyback pace staying in 1Q is the correct run rate.
Christopher Winfrey: So on profitability, all-in taxes and fees was something that had always been our objective here, so it was always part of the plan. It wasnt really a new idea [indiscernible] operation to be able to implement it. So if youre thinking about our pricing at $14 per gig and $45 for unlimited, it had always been in our thinking that that would be ultimately rolled out to both existing and new customers as outlined. So its always been inside of our financial plans. It is reflected similar to our voice product, our fixed line voice, wireline voice that we have today. It runs with a similar type strategy as does all of our  for the most part our other products as well to be counted as a contra revenue. And if you think about mobile revenue today, in the quarter we had $140 million of total mobile revenue, up from which a $116 million was device revenue. So from a run rate impact of what we had just implemented to the existing base subscribers, not particularly material and on a go-forward basis it was always in our plans. And we think its actually helpful to distinguish ourselves from the marketplace relative to others. On the buybacks, we dont give guidance on buybacks. And the reason we dont give guidance on buybacks is because we dont want to put a number out there that suddenly becomes an artificial target. And then to the extent an opportunity comes along thats a better investment profile to use that cash to then turn around and bleeds us just by the guidance that you gave yourself is a tough place to be in. We dont think its the most value enhancing way for creating value for shareholders. But I would tell you inside the first quarter if you think about both the mobile investment that were making as well more importantly the working capital that we had on the cable side of the business in Q1 and the overall leverage target and guidance that weve provided, its really those factors that drove the amount of buybacks that we did inside the first quarter, and the lack of a better place to put the capital in that particular quarter.
Mike McCormack: Makes sense. Thanks, Chris.
Christopher Winfrey: Yes.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Mike. Michelle, well take our last question please.
Operator: Your last question for today is from Jason Bazinet from Citi. Your line is open.
Jason Bazinet: This is maybe a little bit of a strange question given your investment in active video and what youve just completed on the box side, but do you mind just updating us on sort of your thinking about licensing X1? Is that still something that is unappealing to you? And if so, do you mind just reminding us your philosophy behind that? Thanks.
Thomas Rutledge: Well, Jason, were down the road with our own user interface but we have a good relationship with Comcast and weve had discussions with them about licensing their X1 platform and their new IP video platform. And if we can make that the best platform for us, wed certainly be willing to do that and we think theyd be a great provider. To-date, we havent and we like our own UI and we like having our ability to change that UI at the pace we want to change it and to make it reflect our marketing strategy consistent to the extent were different than Comcast or anyone else out there. We want to be able to continue to have that capability. So if we can sort of check all the boxes in terms of having complete flexibility and low cost, we could become a vendor of Comcast in terms of our platform. To-date, we havent been able to do that.
Jason Bazinet: Understood. So its more about flexibility. All right. Thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Jason. Michelle, that ends our call.
Operator: Thank you everyone for participating in the conference call. You may now disconnect.
Thomas Rutledge: Thank you very much. Thanks everyone.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Michelle, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Charters Fourth Quarter 2018 Investor Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Stefan Anninger. Please go ahead.
Stefan Anninger: Good morning, and welcome to Charters fourth quarter 2018 investor call. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website ir.charter.com under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings including our most recent 10-K filed this morning. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call. However, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect managements current view only and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements or to make additional forward-looking statements in the future. During the course of todays call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures as defined by Charter may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. Please also note that all growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise specified. Joining me on todays call are Tom Rutledge, Chairman and CEO; and Chris Winfrey, our CFO. With that, Ill turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Rutledge: Thanks, Stefan. We performed well in 2018, while simultaneously completing the most customer impacting phase of our integration. For the full year, we grew our total Internet customer base by 1.3 million customers, or 5.3%. We grew cable revenue by 4.7% in 2018 and cable adjusted EBITDA by 6.5%. With our integration now nearly complete, our goal is to accelerate customer relationship and cash flow growth going forward. Following our transactions in May of 2016, we put three very large companies together in order to create a new company with a larger and more concentrated footprint, giving us the scale to innovate and grow faster. We're beginning to benefit from that strategy in all the ways we expected. When we started the process of pursuing additional scale in 2013, we knew that to fully benefit from any acquisitions we would need to create a single operating entity with a unified product, marketing, technology and service infrastructure. We spent over two-and-a-half years doing that. Slide four of today's presentation reflects the progress against the integration plan we first showed in 2016 and the earlier-than-expected launches of DOCSIS 3.1 1-gig service and Spectrum Mobile. While our integration and network upgrades have excellent long-term benefits, they've been disruptive to our customers, our ability to execute and counter to our long-term operating strategy of reducing service interactions as planned. That process though is now essentially complete. But we still have some work to do, but virtually all of the customer-facing initiatives related to our integration are now behind us. We've migrated 70% of our acquired residential customers to Spectrum pricing and packaging. Our all-digital initiative is now finished. We've completed the upgrade to DOCSIS 3.1 and the launch of our gigabit speed offering across our entire residential and business footprint. Our service infrastructure is national, specialized and consistent. Our call centers and service platforms will be fully virtualized across the company by year-end and our field operation and customer care in-sourcing are also nearly complete. By the end of 2019, we expect to have completed the very last pieces of our integration. But as I said most of this year's integration activity is noncustomer facing in nature. With our biggest integration initiatives behind us, we're now in a position to drive long-term sustainable customer relationship growth, EBITDA growth and significantly lower capital intensity driving accelerating free cash flow growth. As we look forward to 2019 -- through 2019, we remain focused on a number of key strategic priorities including driving higher sales volumes. We made some key changes to our double and triple play packaging in September including the way we sell landline voice and including Spectrum Mobile in every sales opportunity. Those changes required that we retrain our sales force personnel in all sales channels. That process took through October to take hold and our sales effectiveness will continue to improve. Our fourth quarter results demonstrate that churn continues to show meaningful improvements as planned. Spectrum Mobile is ramping up. We added over 110,000 mobile lines in the fourth quarter and we're seeing a growing percentage of our new cable sales taking mobile service. We're also upselling mobile service to existing cable customers. Over the longer term, we expect consumer savings from our mobile offering to drive incremental cable sales as we build brand and product awareness for our Spectrum Mobile service and become a more powerful retention tool. In December, we began the process of allowing customers to transfer their existing handsets to the Spectrum Mobile from other service providers at some of our stores. Over the coming months we'll expand the Bring Your Own Device program to include a broader set of devices and to allow customers to bring their own device process -- to do their own -- Bring Your Own Device process themselves without having to visit us in a store. Full Bring Your Own Device availability will expand our mobile market opportunity substantially. In 2019 we are also well-positioned to reduce service transactions. With the vast majority of our integration behind us, we expect to see a meaningful reduction in network activity, CPE swamps, service calls and truck rolls. Service activity should also decline as our better product and pricing and services across a larger base improves. And as we begin to benefit from enhanced online self-service greater levels of self installs. So in 2019, the lower level of activity will raise customer satisfaction, reduce churn and extend customer lifetimes. Finally in 2019 is the year well see a significant reduction in capital intensity. Our goal at the beginning of this process was to put our combined assets in a position to operate as a single entity and to grow faster over the long-term as quickly as possible. As a result, we stepped up capital spending in the short-term. That higher spending is now behind us and cable capital intensity will fall significantly in 2019 as planned, but also beyond 2019 as CPE spend per home declines, consumers increasingly install their own services, the reliability of our plant improves and our network becomes increasingly cloud based and IT driven, all on higher expected revenue, while we continue to appropriately invest in our products and in our network. Already in 2019, I expect the business and cash flow performance of our cable business will further demonstrate the superiority of our networks and our assets, the returns of our recent investment and the long-term benefits of our consumer-focused operating strategy on a larger set of assets. I'll turn the call over to Chris Winfrey. 
Chris Winfrey: Thanks, Tom. A couple of administrative items before covering our results. Like last quarter, the prospective adoption of the new revenue recognition standard lowered our EBITDA in the fourth quarter by about $7 million as compared to last year. In 2019, there should be a less impact year-over-year and we don't expect to continue to highlight the amount. And as it relates to Hurricane Michael in Florence and the wildfires in California, we did have some recovery and rebuild cost in the quarter, but they were relatively small. And since we had storms in last year's fourth quarter, the negative impact of this quarter's EBITDA and CapEx on a year-over-year basis was minimal. Now turning to our results. Total residential and SMB customer relationships grew by 248,000 in the fourth quarter and 942,000 over the last 12 months. Including residential and SMB, Internet grew by 329,000 in the quarter. Video declined by 22,000 and voice declined by 56,000. Over 70% of our acquired residential customers were in Spectrum pricing and packaging at the end of the fourth quarter. And similar to what we saw at Legacy Charter, pricing and packaging migration transactions are slowing, which together with the completion of network upgrades last year means that in 2019 well see lower CPE spending and meaningful churn benefits. For residential Internet, we added a total of 289.000 customers versus 263,000 in the fourth quarter of last year. Over the last 12 months, we've grown our total residential Internet customer base by 1.1 million customers or 4.9%. And we now offer Gigabit service to nearly 100% of our footprint using DOCSIS 3.1. Over the last year, our residential video customers declined by 1.8%. Sales of our Stream and Choice packages which are primarily targeted at Internet-only has continued to do well. Spectrum Guide is being deployed to the vast majority of new video connects, providing a better overall video experience. And our video product is available via the Spectrum TV app on a variety of platforms, including Android, Kindle Fire, Roku, Xbox, Samsung Smart TV and computers. We also recently launched our Spectrum TV app on Apple TV with a Zero Sign-On feature for customers for Spectrum Internet. In voice, we lost 83,000 residential voice customers in the quarter versus a gain of 23,000 last year, driven by a lower triple-play selling mix. As Tom mentioned, we changed our voice pricing in mid-September to address wireline voice sell-in, retention at roll-off and the launch of mobile. At acquisition, voice is now $9.99 with no change to that price when a customer rolls off a bundled promotion. With wireline voice as a $9.99 value-added service going forward, mobile is now positioned to be the triple play value driver for connectivity sales, similar to what wireline voice did for cable over the last decade. These are meaningful changes to a large selling machine, but the transition went well in the fourth quarter. Turning to mobile. We added 113,000 mobile lines in the quarter with a healthy mix of both Unlimited and By the Gig lines. As of December we had 134,000 lines. As we add new features and functionality including Bring Your Own Device capabilities, we expanded our marketable population as Tom mentioned. Over the last year we grew total residential customers by 771,000 or 3%. Residential revenue per customer relationship grew by 0.9% year-over-year given the lower rate of SVP migration and promotional campaign roll-off and rate adjustments. And we did grow subs in voice and video taxes in both revenue and expense with no impact to EBITDA in the past or now. Those ARPU benefits were partially offset by higher mix of Internet-only customers. Slide seven shows our cable customer growth combined with our ARPU growth resulted in year-over-year residential revenue growth of 3.9%. Keep in mind that our cable ARPU does not reflect any mobile revenue. Turning to commercial. Total SMB and enterprise revenue combined grew by 4.5% in the fourth quarter. SMB revenue grew by 3.6% faster than last quarter as the revenue growth impacted re-pricing our SMB products in Legacy TWC and Bright House have slowed. We've grown SMB customer relationships by over 10% in the last year. Into 2019, we expect a lower level of SMB ARPU decline for the repricing. Enterprise revenue was up by 5.7%. Excluding cell backhaul Navisite and some one-time fees, which were a benefit this quarter, enterprise grew by 6% with 13% PSU growth year-over-year. Our enterprise group is in an earlier stage of a pricing impact due to transition but its very similar to what we have done in our larger SMB and residential businesses over the last two years. The process of moving customers to more competitive pricing, pressures enterprise ARPU in the near-term. But ultimately the revenue growth will follow the unit growth as its beginning to happen in and SMB. We remain very confident in the strategy in our long-term growth opportunity in enterprise. Fourth quarter advertising revenue grew by 34% year-over-year and political advertising accounted for all of that growth as it also utilizes traditional inventory. Mobile revenue totaled $89 million with about $80 million of that revenue being device revenue. As a reminder, under equipment installment plans or EIP all future device installment payments are recognized as revenue on the connect date. Hence, the mobile working usage during the growth phase, which we highlighted. In total, consolidated fourth quarter revenue was up 5.9% year-over-year with cable revenue growth of 5.1% or 3.9% when excluding advertising. So, moving to operating expenses on slide eight. In the fourth quarter total operating expenses grew by $446 million or 6.7% year-over-year. Excluding mobile, operating expenses increased by 3.6%. Programming increased 5.5% year-over-year and a mid-single-digit growth rate is probably a good baseline for 2019 programming costs growth. Regulatory connectivity and produced content grew by 11.8% driven by our adoption of the new revenue recognition standard on January 1, 2018, which re-classed some expenses to this line in the quarter as well as the voice and video tax and fee gross that I mentioned earlier. And finally, content costs were up given more Lakers games in the fourth quarter of 2018 versus the fourth quarter of 2017. Cost of service customers declined by 0.8% year-over-year compared to 3.5% customer relationship growth. And even excluding some bad debt improvement year-over-year, cost to service customers was flat year-over-year. We are essentially lowering our per-relationship service costs through changes in business practices and continue to see productivity benefits from in-sourcing investments. Cable and marketing expenses declined by 2.3% year-over-year and other cable expenses were up 7% year-over-year, driven by higher ad sales cost for political IT cost from ongoing integration, property tax and insurance and costs related to the launch of our Spectrum News 1 channel in Los Angeles. Mobile expenses totaled $211 million and was comprised of device cost tied to the device revenue I mentioned, market launch costs and operating expenses to stand up and operate the business, including our own personnel and overhead costs in our portion of the JV with Comcast. Adjusted cable EBITDA grew by 7.6% in the fourth quarter. And when including the mobile EBITDA loss of $122 million, total adjusted EBITDA grew by 4.6%. As we look to 2019, annualizing our fourth quarter 2018 mobile EBITDA loss is a good starting place for estimating our 2019 mobile EBITDA loss. That generalization assumes immaterial acceleration in mobile line growth which drives high acquisition costs as well as our own growing start-up costs. As mobile lines and revenue scale relative to the fixed operating cost and variable acquisition costs, we continue to expect mobile will be positive EBITDA and cash flow business on a stand-alone basis without accounting for the planned benefits to cable. Turning to net income on slide 9, we generated $296 million of net income attributable to Charter's shareholders in the fourth quarter versus $9.6 billion last year. The year-over-year decline was primarily driven by last year's GAAP tax benefit given the federal tax reform, higher interest expense and pension derivative and other non-cash adjustments in this year's fourth quarter. That was partly offset by higher adjusted EBITDA and lower depreciation and amortization expense. Turning to slide 10 on CapEx. Capital expenditures totaled $2.4 billion in the fourth quarter; about $150 million lower than last year. The decline was primarily driven by a lower CPE with less SPP migration and as we finished all-digital. We also had lower scalable infrastructure and support capital spend, given more consistent timing of in-year spend this year versus last, as well as the completion of various integration projects. That was partly offset by higher spend on line extensions as we continue to build out and fulfill our merger conditions. We spent $106 million on mobile-related CapEx this quarter, driven by software, some of which is related to our JV with Comcast and on upgrading our retail footprint for mobile. Most of the mobile spend is reflected in support capital. Following what I mentioned earlier, using the Q4 mobile CapEx run rate is a simple way to think about 2019 also works. We expect mobile CapEx will decline following the upgrade of our retail footprint. For the full year 2018, we spent $8.9 billion in cable CapEx or 20.4% of cable revenue, down from 20.9% in 2017, consistent with our previous expectations. As we look to 2019, Tom mentioned, cable CapEx will be down meaningfully in absolute dollar terms and in terms of capital intensity. We don't generally provide guidance, but with a significant decline in 2019 capital spend, I will tell you our internal plan calls for $7 billion, roughly $7 billion of total cable CapEx in 2019, down from $8.9 billion in 2018 for all the reasons we've said. Within that number, there's still single product and network development and some integration capital including both software development and real estate improvements which we treat as CapEx. As usual, if we find new high ROI projects during the course of the year without accelerated spend on existing projects will drive faster growth we would continue to do so. Slide 11 shows we generated $885 million of consolidated free cash flow this quarter, including about $300 million in investment in our team. Excluding mobile, we generated approximately $1.2 billion of cable free cash flow, roughly the same as last year's fourth quarter. While this quarter we did have higher adjusted EBITDA and lower cable CapEx year-over-year those were almost entirely offset by a lower cash flow benefit from working capital year-over-year. Recall that we spent a significant amount of capital in and linked within the fourth quarter of 2017. So we had a very large working capital benefit nearly $700 million within the fourth quarter of 2017. Excluding the year-over-year working capital impacts, cable free cash flow was up by over $400 million year-over-year in the fourth quarter. For the full year 2019, I expect another year of working capital related reduction to cash flow as we continue to add mobile customers, which drive headset-related working capital needs will continue to separate that. and as cable CapEx falls meaningfully already in the first quarter in 2019, which means we'll see an immediate and material full year step down in our cable CapEx payables balance, which could make our first quarter 2019 cable working capital look similar to the first quarter of 2018. The drivers for both of these working capital impacts are logical. And while over the longer term it's a question of timing both drivers will have outsized quarterly and full year impacts. We finished the quarter with $72 billion in debt principal. Our run rate analyze cash interest at year-end was $3.9 billion versus our P&L interest expense in the quarter is adjusted $3.6 billion annual run rate. That difference is primarily due to purchase accounting. As of the end of the third quarter, our net debt to last 12 months adjusted EBITDA was 4.45 times at the high end of our target leverage range of 4 to 4.5 times. We intend to stay at/or below 4.5 times leverage and we include the up-front investment in mobile to be more conservative when looking at cable-only leverage, which stands at 4.38 times and is declining. At the end of the quarter, we held nearly $3.4 billion in liquidity from cash on hand and revolver capacity. And in January, we issued $3.7 billion in investment-grade bonds in bank debt as shown on slide 22 and we increased the size of our revolver, all of which will be used for general purposes, pending maturities and buybacks. Pro forma for the repayment of our $3.25 billion of investment grade notes maturing in February and April, our weighted average cost of debt declines to 5.2%. Our weighted average life of debt is over 11 years. Over 90% of our debt matures beyond 2021 and over 80% of our debt will be fixed rate. So we have a prudent and unique capital structure. And consistent with how we regularly evaluate our leverage target, we don't currently expect to be material cash income taxpayer until 2021 at the earliest meaning $1 of EBITDA Charter is not the same as elsewhere from our leverage of free cash flow perspective. We also had strong visibility on EBITDA growth and accelerating cash flow growth, meaning we can mechanically delever quickly if we see a permanent increase in refinancing cost, a change in business outlook or investment opportunities. During the quarter, we also repurchased 4.3 million Charter shares and Charter Holdings common units, totaling $1.4 billion at an average price of $314 per share during the fourth quarter. In September -- and since September of 2016 we've repurchased about 19% of Charter's equity. Briefly turning to our taxes on slide 13. Our tax assets are primarily composed of our NOL and our tax receivables arrangement at Bright House are worth over $3 billion. So we're looking forward to 2019, our customer revenue and EBITDA growth combined with decline in capital intensity and the tax assets will drive accelerating free cash flow growth. And we expect that free cash flow growth, combined with an innovative capital structure and reasonable leverage target and an ROI-based capital allocation to drive healthy levered equity returns. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from Jonathan Chaplin from New Street Research. Your line is open.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thank you. Chris, thanks for breaking with tradition and giving CapEx guidance. I think it's extremely helpful. Just two quick questions, if I may, on CapEx. During the prepared remarks you mentioned that CapEx declines would continue. Did you mean that CapEx will continue as sort of around this level for cable of around $7 billion? Or is there a path for it to move even lower than that in future years? And then similarly on the cost side, you mentioned the reduction in activity now that you're at the  now that you've got most of the customer-facing integration efforts behind you. Should we think of non-programming costs being stable at these levels with all of that activity behind you? Or could non-programming costs in sort of aggregate dollar terms come down a little bit from here? Thank you. 
Tom Rutledge: So Jonathan, its Tom. On the CapEx guidance going forward, we do think that in general going forward beyond 2019 and beyond our guidance that capital intensity will come down. That's a function of revenue growth and continued opportunities to be more efficient with our capital spending. But I think the best way to think about it is that it really depends on how fast you're growing to some extent, and how fast the opportunities to become more efficient are, in terms of your customer service infrastructure. So I think that we'll leave it as we said, that it's generally getting more efficient because of the operating opportunities that the network configuration provides us, meaning cloud-based services, IP-based services, lower CPE. But connected to your other question about non-programming costs, we think that that will also be down materially going forward, as a result of our ability to self-service customers and our ability to provide a better customer service experience which will reduce transactions in general. That reduces capital and it reduces operating costs. So we actually think we end up in a world with higher margins and lower capital intensity.
Chris Winfrey: Just to add one thing to that, Jonathan, in case you're modeling it with respect to growth. The OpEx per customer relationship is going to come down materially, as Tom said. Depending on growth, if you're -- today we're growing customer relationships by 3.5%, I mean, our goal is to accelerate that customer relationship. So when we talk about the cost per, it's really in the context of cost per relationship and having a material decline. Given the fact that we had elevated bad debt last year and that's now behind us, I do think there's an opportunity to also reduce it on a gross basis but I think the key point here is tied to customer relationship growth and the cost per customer relationship is going to decline substantially this year.
Jonathan Chaplin: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question today will come from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning. And just sticking with CapEx. Tom, could you talk a little bit about your vision for the video business, particularly as it relates to a sort of Bring Your Own Device, you guys have that Apple announcement recently. It seems like that's becoming a bigger part of how the customers' consuming your product. I know your app is a top app on Roku. Just sort of theoretically and philosophically, how do you think about embracing that change and what it means to the business? And then just for Chris, the CapEx step down in 2019 on cable is more significant than we were expecting. We know about 3.1 rolling off all-digital, but those are relatively modest numbers in the grand scheme of the decline you're pointing out. So maybe if you could just numerate the other drivers of that step down that are material just to help us think about what happened over the longer term? That would be helpful.
Tom Rutledge: All right, Ben. So on the video business, which we talked about a lot, obviously, the video business is going through changes. But there's a lot of consistency as well in the video business in terms of the way bundled packages still remain the primary services that we offer. I think we embraced where the marketplace is going. And we want to have people use video services on our network. And we think there are ways for us to be in the connected video business in a way that continues to provide incremental margins for us being in that business at the same time using the video business to drive our core business, which is connectivity. And the mix of direct-to-consumer and the mix of direct-to-consumer hardware Bring Your Own Device in the video space, I think will change through time. And we're going to allow it to change as the market dictates and try to make our products work best on every device that we provide. There's still significant opportunities for us providing CPE devices to consumers, bringing in all of their services together in one consistent way. That said, there are consumers that definitely want CPE and there may be CPE vendors that create great CPE. And we're open to being a supermarket of video services, however, those services develop. And we think that that we can run our traditional models and new models simultaneously. And when we look at video usage on our network it's actually going up.
Chris Winfrey: Ben on the CapEx step down, the question remitted to the amount of -- the significant amount of step down, which is already going to start occur in the first quarter of this year. You hit at some of the big ones on the head. Thats all-digital is now complete. DOCSIS 3.1 is now complete. Another item is that SPP migration naturally starts to slow. We now have over 70% of the acquired customers that are now migrating already to SPP, and just as you get further up the curve that level of migration slows. We've been in two and half years of pretty intense integration and a lot of those integration programs have either completed or the heavy expenditure related to them was completed. I'll give you one big example. A lot of the software development that we've talked about in order to be able to put it all of the call center field operations into a national standardized virtualized and specialized structure, a lot of that spend has occurred. And while some of those platforms are still being rolled out during 2019 and there's capital associated with that the level of CapEx attached to that is lower. The same thing would apply for a lot of the in-sourcing where we've done  where there's tools trucks, tools and equipment into big when there is also real estate when you think about call centers. It doesn't mean that some of the activity is not still going on in 2019. It is, but it's just at a significantly lower level. So those are big programs that are either wound up, or winding up. There are a couple of other trends that exist inside the business that will be continuing to go forward, to improve the capital expenditure per passing or the capital expenditure per customer relationship it. Some of it also ties to OpEx as well. We are increasing our self-installation rate. And so that has an impact both on OpEx as well as CapEx. And then the other areas that for a lot of the reasons that Tom just mentioned we are having a lower amount of new video CPE per installation. So when that comes about because of the market trends that Tom was talking about and our ability to just service that marketplace, the other piece comes from the fact that we just deployed, so much new CPE in the context of all-digital and through the SPP migration that you have a fully populated base of really capable video set-top boxes that are both qualm and IP capable in the marketplace. That means on the Internet when you're replacing a churning customer with a new customer they need to go out and buy new CPE is significant reduced for what it's been in the past couple of years.
Tom Rutledge: The one thing I would also add is that, the mix of capital that we're allocating and the capital we do spend is increasing toward the network which is the Internet and the speed and the capability of the Internet. And so while video the cost per byte video CPE are coming down and the cost to provide customer connectivity in the home and service throughout the home are coming down, due to the ability to self provision relationships. The actual investment in the network capability itself is going up, all the while capital intensity is coming down in the aggregate for the home business.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Ben. Michelle, we will take our next question.
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Mitchelson from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Doug Mitchelson: Well, thanks so much. Tom, I know it's early, but are you seeing the benefits from the reduced service interactions so far in 2019 or perhaps better as would be per systems that have already completed customer-facing integration efforts previously? Any comments on sort of progress on customer comps would be helpful. And for Chris, I'm a bit confused on margins. If I look at 4Q advertising it looks like margins are down slightly year-over-year. You talked about growth in customers which is good for margins. There was  Tom I think mentioned lower churn which is good for margin. But I have it right that investment in integration and in-sourcing is still hitting the margins in 4Q and if that's, how did that progressing 2019 does it get better right away in 1Q 2019 or is it get better throughout the year? Thanks.
Tom Rutledge: Well, on the cost to service should  we did say in the fourth quarter that we saw churn reductions. Those churn reductions come from our ability to manage the operation better, including how we create new customers but also the quality of the service infrastructure that we're providing and its impact on customer life. And so to the extent that we're able to create a satisfied customer base by creating products at reasonable prices that have low friction in them from a relationship perspective meaning we have less service calls and well have a lesser friction in the transaction and scheduling of activity that creates an environment where the average customer life gets greater and you have less transactions per consumer. And that means that you have less cost per consumer. And so you can have  so in a static environment without growth, you get significant margin improvements. And in a growth environment you get a less expensive growth environment. And so that's how we see the business developing and why we made the investments we did.
Chris Winfrey: Doug your question on Q4 not looking at the analysis that you're starting to do my guess is that you've either included mobile operating costs and/or you haven't backed out advertising costs associated with political. So advertising if you just took out the political advertising but didn't take out the expense related to that, you might be able to get to know where you were coming out. But our margins when adjusted for political advertising margin with leading mobile outside increased year-over-year. As it relates to 2019, our goal for the entire year 2019 is on the cable side to increase our margin and some of that will depend on product mix and rate of growth. But our goal is to increase margin year-over-year in the cable side despite as you pointed out the lack of political advertising inside 2019. So that means organically quite a good development on the margin front. As it relates to a quarter-to-quarter there's seasonality depending on the level of connects typical in most cable companies Q1 through Q4. So I'd rather not get drawn into the seasonality and sequential development, but for the full year that's our goal subject to some of the caveats I mentioned.
Doug Mitchelson: All right. Thanks. Thats all.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Doug. Michelle, next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from Jessica Reif Ehrlich from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. A couple of questions. First, I guess the video question. NBC News direct-to-consumer potential offer seems really interesting for the pay-TV industry. I'm just wondering what your view is on that service, is it churn reducer or revenue generator. On advertising, I mean your growth while it may have been expensive; your growth is really at the top end of anybody's number. So wondering what you're doing differently? And then finally on 5G, would love to get your reaction to what AT&T said yesterday on their call that 5G will replace fixed broadband. Can you talk about your views of Charter positioning as 5G rolls out?
Tom Rutledge: Sure. There's a lot there. On the NBCU opportunity, I think they have a good point and there is a huge opportunity in creating advertiser-generated programming services for the business and they're less expensive. And so I think there's details to work out there. But I think that conceptually, it makes a lot of sense. In terms of our ad sales growth, I do think we have created, using analytics and other methods, a better advertising model that allows us to create higher CPMs for our advertising business and therefore to generate more money out of that business than other advertisers in the broadcast space who don't have those capabilities. We have a unique two-way interactive plant. We have the ability to target advertising and to help our advertising customers get more effective advertising in the television space. And we're taking advantage of that. We've also built a great sales force and we're on the streets. And we own a lot of local markets in terms of our capabilities as a sales group. And we've reaped the benefit of that in our ad sales growth in 2018. With regard to 5G, we're going to 10G. And our network is highly capable and we have a pathway to 10-gig symmetrical now spaced-out that we announced at CES as an industry. We just went to 1-gig as you know in 2018 and rolled that out across our footprint. And that's faster than the 5G fixed wireless deployments that have been spoken about so publicly. And we think that broadband consumption, data consumption will continue to grow at a very fast rate and that our network is easy to upgrade, inexpensive to upgrade and quick to upgrade to take advantage of the future marketplace that this mass of data throughput -- that growth dictates will be required. So when we look at 5G as a fixed mobile business, it is possible to use it that way. It's not very efficient from a capital expenditure perspective in our view, because you need essentially to get  to spend an awful lot of capital to get close enough to the home to actually make 5G work effectively. So we're comfortable with our network and its capability. We're comfortable that broadband data consumption will continue to grow rapidly and that we can provide a better broadband experience at less cost than alternatives.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. 
Stefan Anninger: Thanks. Next question please, Michelle?
Operator: Your next question comes from Vijay Jayant from Evercore. Your line is open.
Vijay Jayant: Thanks. Just wanted to come back on the video product. Can you just talk about where we are on kind of the Spectrum Guide rollout? Has it sort of been a real differentiator in terms of reducing churn and sort of take up? And then, obviously, your broadband product has really improved over the last year. Can you talk about how share shifts are trending in markets where there is a fiber alternative by the telcos versus taking your share? Where is really the fight coming out right now? Thank you.
Tom Rutledge: So, Vijay, we're rolling our guide out on the increment as a result of the transaction and the bringing of the networks together which were all someone incompatible from a CPE and network architectural perspective. We changed our guide architecture to some extent. But we're now rolling it out on the increment pretty much everywhere and it is significant improvement. Not that our existing experience in most of our markets isn't good, but the guy that we have is better. And we think without a lot of data yet that it will provide a more lasting experienced for the consumer. We've also put that guy on our apps and we put the guide in our CPE that was retailing and in the CPE that others are retailing for us. And it's actually getting distributed quite rapidly in that space. So we think it's an excellent consumer experience and we think that it'll add to our ability to do what I said earlier in the video business which is to both sell bundled packages Stream packages  la carte packages and to do those in a way that is coherent and consumer friendly across all devices in the home including our own mobile devices. In terms of share shift, we continued to shift share pretty much everywhere we operate. And I guess some more than others. But our share is generally with very few exceptions shifting toward us.
Vijay Jayant: Great. Thank you so much.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Vijay. Operator, our next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Phil Cusick from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Phil Cusick: Hey, thanks guys. Nice to see that we're coming out of this transition and I'm thinking about churn, you said churn is coming down it's what we'd expect. Can you remind us how churn in the Legacy Time Warner and Bright House basis compare now to Charter? And I'll go from there.
Tom Rutledge: Chris, why don't you do that?
Chris Winfrey: So across all three legacy entities Phil churn is coming down year-over-year, which means that Charter just continues  the Legacy Charter just continues to get better. There's still a market difference between the churn rate Legacy Charter which is the lowest in TWC and Bright House. Bright House [indiscernible] Florida market is probably going to have a more elevated churn just due to the [mover] ratio that exist in those markets. Otherwise the service  
Tom Rutledge: There's no good effect.
Chris Winfrey: That's right. And so I think there's still a long runway for both TWC and Bright House. And Charter even over the past three and half years has continued to get better and better on a churn ratio. But there's at least 10% differential that exists in the churn rate Legacy Charter to many of those other entities.
Tom Rutledge: But just to put that in Legacy Charter, the SPP or the pricing and packaging that we use is well into the 90  high 90% range. And so you get the effect of lower churn in that environment and we're seeing the churn come down consistent with historic trends in Legacy Charter. But interestingly, Legacy Charter comes down, while Time Warner and Bright House come down. So the whole trend is improving, but there's still more significant upside in Time Warner.
Phil Cusick: And the first derivative is bad debt. Can you remind us where bad debt was sort of early in the process versus on 4Q? And I guess that will continue to come down as well.
Chris Winfrey: Fourth quarter was a reduction year-over-year and I expect that to improve. 
Phil Cusick: And last thing. You are very clear that the fourth quarter was a tough comp year-over-year on subs, should we think of 1Q as fairly easy comp? Or is anything else going on which you'd consider
Chris Winfrey: I wouldn't call it an easy comp. But I mean the things that we've always said before, I want to make clear that project rates that the -- just because you hit January 1st and a lot of these programs and a lot of this disruption has slowed down quite a bit, doesn't mean that there's a complete seismic shift overnight. Similar to what we saw at Legacy Charter, there's momentum that gets built up in the marketplace. And most customers existing or non-subs don't wake up in January 1st and say now that disruption has stopped and let me either retain the service or subscribe. So I think it's still going to be a continuous improvement over longer periods of time. And I think looking at single quarters as indication of long-term success of the operating strategy isn't really the right way to do it. So I'm not saying it's an easier or difficult comp, but I don't think that there is anything that makes it an easy comp in Q1 year-over-year. And we expect to continue to improve throughout the year.
Phil Cusick: Thanks very much.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Phil. Operator, next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from John Hodulik from UBS. Your line is open.
John Hodulik: Great. Maybe you guys if you could just talk a little bit about the ramifications of your new way of selling voice substituting the wireless into the wireline. First of all, does it -- does that mean we should see accelerating losses on the traditional voice side? Or are we at the right run rate? And then two is there any margin implications? Or would that be swamped by what you guys are doing on the non-programming side? And I guess maybe just wrapping it up together in terms of margins, I mean you still show a meaningful gap in terms of overall margins, cable margins versus say your larger competitor. I mean, how do we expect that to trend over time? And is there any reason why that gap shouldn't close you guys get through these duplicative costs and see all the initiatives you're doing on the non-programming side play out? Thanks.
Tom Rutledge: Well, yes. I'll speak to the mobile selling question. Yes, it's a significant transaction change, which changed in our model. And yes it has implications to wireline. We've seen -- as you know we -- as part of that we reduced the cost of wireline to less than $10 with the idea that it was a bolt-on product to a triple play with mobile. And so it has some implications to what will happen to wireline sell-in. We look at our wireline performance relative to all other wireline providers, it's significantly better. But how much of an impact that marketing change will have against a general trend of wireline substitution hard to say, but we don't think it's that material a driver to our economic performance. And we do think it's a good value for a lot of consumers.
Chris Winfrey: I think it gives you a good retention price point over time. And those new customers coming in they are not subject to the same rate roll-off discussion, because it's a $10 add-on both at promotion as well as a roll-off and so it's always a tack-on value-added services. And the $10 it's less attractive to turn it off at a later point in time. In terms of the margin implications, John, in the majority of our markets our double-play acquisition pricing is at $90 whereas our triple play in the majority of our markets used to be $90. So I don't think there's any dramatic margin implications on an incremental basis going forward of what we're doing. So we sell double play in majority of our markets in video and Internet at $90, plus the mobile add-on to the extent somebody values the voice  fixed line voice service, it's a $10 tack-on from there versus an attractive price and it's not subject to some of the roll-off churn that you would've seen in the past. In terms of cable margin gap, I don't see anything between us and, for example, another large-scale cable operator that prevents us from being able to get the similar cable margins over time. The only the caveat, I'd say, is that we are a [triple play] cable operator, which means all of our corporate and overhead costs are embedded inside. When you look at cable for us, it's there. And so there's a bit of a dissimilarity which is inherent, if we were a conglomerate and had a whole host of different businesses and Tom Rutledge and Chris Winfrey equivalents wouldn't be inside the cable business per se. But...
Tom Rutledge: But we're not going to  not getting margins on that much.
Chris Winfrey: No. So thats good. So that's the only thing I'd add. But I think as a general notion, we've always said that we thought there was an ability to, despite having programming cost increases year-over-year to be in a business that could generate over 40% EBITDA margins in cable and our view on that.
Tom Rutledge: And still be a growth business.
Chris Winfrey: Still be a growth business and our view on that hasn't changed.
John Hodulik: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, John. Operator, we have time for one last question, please.
Operator: Okay. So our final question today will come from Amy Yong from Macquarie. Your line is open.
Amy Yong: Thanks. Chris, I guess, just following up on the voice question. Can you help us think through ARPU going forward? There just seems to be a lot of moving parts. It looks like you pushed through a surcharge, but you're obviously also retooling the sales process. Just wondering how we should think about going forward. Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: Yeah. Look, given what I just said to John, I don't think the voice changed itself. From a total relationship perspective, it's going to have that much impact on customer relationship ARPU. If anything, you might argue that it could be slightly positive. But the GAAP allocation of revenue amongst these products is a hornet's nest. And I, for years, said I think the best way to take a look at what's happening with ARPU is take a look at ARPU per customer relationship and the trend there. And when you get down to that, then it's pretty simple. You have the promotional pricing of the bundle of products you sell, you have the roll-off, you have any rate increases. And the big one that folds in there which is pretty easy to model is the amount of single-play Internet sell-in, which even though it's attractive, has the impact of lowering your per relationship ARPU. And that is the biggest offset to the other factors that I just mentioned. So I would not try to model individual product line ARPUs, because I think it's a pretty deep GAAP allocation question. I'm not sure if that's useful to the public. I think the customer relationship ARPUs is the way to look at it, which is why we talked about that as opposed to some of the others.
Amy Yong: Got it. Thank you. 
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Amy. That concludes our call. Thanks everyone.
Tom Rutledge: Thank you, everyone. 
Chris Winfrey: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you, everyone. This will conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Michelle, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Charter's Third Quarter 2018 Investor Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Stefan Anninger. Please go ahead.
Stefan Anninger: Good morning and welcome to Charter's third quarter 2018 investor call. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com, under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings including our most recent 10-K and 10-Q. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call. However, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect management's current view only, and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements or to make additional forward-looking statements in the future. During the course of today's call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures, as defined by Charter, may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. Please also note that all growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise specified. Joining me on today's call are Tom Rutledge, Chairman and CEO; and Chris Winfrey, our CFO. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas Rutledge: Thanks, Stefan. At the end of the third quarter 67% of our acquired residential customers were in our new Spectrum pricing and packaging, up from 62% at the end of the second quarter. So were delivering better products at better prices to more customers which will driver lower churn, faster customer growth and [Technical Difficulty] financial growth. Over the last year weve grown our total Internet customer base by over 1.2 million customers or 5.3%. In video, net losses this quarter were lessened than the third quarter of 17. In the third quarter we grew cable revenue by 4% year-over-year and adjusted cable EBITDA grew by 5.5%. During the quarter we rolled out our Gigabit speed offering to over 7 million homes passed, using very capital efficient DOCSIS 3.1 technology. Earlier this month, we launched our Gigabit service to more than 12 million additional homes passed. So we now offer Spectrum Internet Gig to over 95% of our passings and we will be offering Giga service in nearly all of our 51 million homes passed by the end of this year, and over 80% of our residential Internet customers subscribed to tiers that provide 100 megabits or more of speed. Our faster speeds are having our intended impact of driving Internet customer growth. In early September we executed a full market launch of our Spectrum Mobile service with the goal of accelerating connectivity relationship growth, and we expect our mobile product to be profitable on a standalone basis once it reaches scale. We now offer mobile services to both new and existing Spectrum Internet customers on both Apple and Android devices. Spectrum Mobile is being marketed via TV, radio, direct mail and through other advertising and marketing platforms and our selling machine is scaling across key existing sales channels including our stores, inbound call centers and online. We offer our mobile services at prices that give new and existing customers the opportunity to save hundreds of dollars per year on their mobile bills. Our unlimited service costs $45 a month and our By the Gig service is $14 per gigabyte. So far our broader market launch has gone very smoothly. Our mobile operations and the service itself are scaling and working well. We started selling the product after Labor Day, so our total customer base is relatively small at quarter end about 21,000 lines. But were seeing steady new sales growth and yield in traditional cable sales as we build brand and product awareness. In the new next few months, we will enable customers to transfer their existing handsets. We also have a pipeline of product improvements that will extend through the middle of next year and which will continue to make our product more attractive and easier to switch and entire households mobile service package. Ultimately the goal is to use Spectrum Mobile to save customers money via an integrated superior product offering, driving faster customer growth and better retention, higher penetration and greater [indiscernible] capacity. Shifting back to cable, our all-digital initiative is on schedule for completion by year end. About 95% of our footprint is now all-digital. By the end of this year the whole company will be fully digitized as we deploy fully functioning two-way digital set-top box, mostly our WorldBox and increasingly third-party IP devices on all remaining analog TV outlets that we serve. Simultaneous implementation of high touch integration projects and product improvements, which are nearly finished, is actually counter to our operating strategy of reducing service interactions. The customer disruption that all-digital drives is well understood but the migration of millions of customers to Spectrum pricing and packaging, the different equipment and bills, installation of uniform business practices, the integration of various product, network IP and billing platforms, and parallel network upgrades and integration has also been disruptive to our sales, service, customer transactions and churn. We said at the start of this integration that putting Charter in a position to operate as a single entity and grow faster over the long-term would impact our operating and financial outputs during the integration and drive outsized capital investment in the short-term. But our integration is coming to a close and most of the disruption will be behind us in 2019, and we will quickly start to see the tangible benefits of our operating strategy to lower churn, continued higher sales and increasing operational efficiency, resulting in higher revenue per passing and lower operating costs. The completion of our integration will also bring a meaningful reduction in capital spending. And as one company with a superior bandwidth rich network, a unified product marketing and service infrastructure, and value creation model as laid out on slide 4 of today's presentation, we believe we know what works. We will be in a position to accelerate growth, and innovate faster than where we have been over the last few years. Now, I will turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher Winfrey: Thanks, Tom. A few administrative items before covering the results. So I mentioned on our last call were now reporting all of the results on a consolidated basis. There was a small impact to our Q3 results due to Hurricane Florence primarily in the Carolinas. The impact to the customer base was a few thousand customers and the financial impact was about $5 million to each, revenue and operating expense. So a little over $10 million in adjusted EBITDA. We had a similar impact from storms during the third quarter of last year, so the year-over-year impact is not material. Were still in clean-up mode for Hurricane Florence and we are in restoration mode for Hurricane Michael. We will provide a similar update on our Q4 call as needed although we dont expect material year-over-year impact from either hurricanes. Finally as a reminder starting on January 1st of this year, we prospectively adopted FASBs new revenue recognition standard. Like last quarter, there are a number of adjustments in the quarter related to the adoption of the standard, both in revenue and expenses, which in total lowered EBITDA by about $15 million this quarter as compared to last year. That year-over-year impact from the accounting change will go way after Q4. Now, turning to our results. Total residential and SMB customer relationships grew by 234,000 in the third quarter to 903,000 over the last 12 months. Including residential and SMB, Internet grew by 380,000 in the quarter. Video declined by 54,000 and Voice declined by 77,000. As Tom mentioned, 67% of our acquired residential customers were in Spectrum pricing and packaging at the end of the third quarter. We expect to be above 70% by the end of this year and similar to what we saw at Legacy Charter Pricing and packaging migration transactions are slowing, which together with the completion of network upgrades this year means that in 2019 we will see lower CPE spending and meaningful churn [indiscernible]. In residential Internet we added a total of 266,000 customers versus 250,000 last year. Total Internet company sales were higher year-over-year. As Tom mentioned, we now offer Gigabit service in over 95% of our footprint, and expect to have that service available nearly everywhere by the end of 2018. Over the last 12 months we have grown our total residential Internet customer base by 1.1 million customers or 4.9%. Over last year, our residential video customers have declined by about 1.6%, all of which have come from limited basic. Sales of our Stream and Choice vid packages which are primarily targeted at Internet only continued to do well. In Voice, we lost 107,000 residential voice customers versus a gain of 26,000 last year driven by a lower triple play selling mix and lower retention at TWC. In September we made a change in the way we market and price wireline voice within our packages to address wireline voice selling, retention and rolloff and the launch of mobile. In most of our markets our Internet and Video double play pricing will be $90 [indiscernible] targeted acquisition pricing elsewhere. In either case, wireline voice at acquisition is now a $10 add-on with no change to that pricing if a customer rolls off a bundled promotion. With wireline voice, as the $10 value-added service going forward, mobile is now positioned to be the triple play value driver for connectivity sales, similar to what wireline voice did for cable over the last decade. And even though the revenue per household for the new triple play will be higher, we will be saving customers more money with the best products. Turning to mobile then, as Tom mentioned, we executed the broader market launch for Spectrum Mobile product on September 4. So our third quarter results include only short period of active marketing and sales of the product. As of the end of the quarter we had about 21,000 mobile lines with a mix of unlimited and By the Gig lines. Were still focused on branding and awareness marketing that some of you may have seen. As we add new features and functionality, putting greater device capabilities, the marketing will become more offer-driven. Essentially all of our existing sales channels will be activated and integrated for mobile over the coming quarters. All of which will help drive continued acceleration of mobile line adds and overall connectivity relationships. Over the last year, we grew total residential customers by 734,000 or 2.9%. Residential revenue per customer relationship grew by 0.4% year-over-year, given a lower rate of SPP migration, promotional campaign roll-off and rate adjustments, which was significantly offset by last year's third quarter Mayweather and McGregor fight, short over $50 million in revenue last year, a higher mix of Internet only customers and higher full year sales of promotional rates. Excluding pay-per-view and VOD residential revenue per customer relationship grew by 1.1% year-over-year. Slide 7 shows our customer growth combined with our ARPU growth resulted in year-over-year residential revenue growth of 3.3%. Excluding the impact of pay-per-view and VoD and some readjustments last summer, that were not mirrored this quarter, residential revenue grew by 4.4% so similar to last quarter's growth rate. Turning to commercial, total SMB and enterprise combined grew by 4.3% in the third quarter, with SMB up 2.8% and enterprise up by 6.4%. Excluding cell backhaul and Navisite, enterprise grew by over 9% with PSU growth of 15%. Sales were up in SMB as well and we've grown SMB customer relationships by over 10% from the last year. Revenue growth in the acquired markets hasnt yet followed the unit growth. The revenue growth impacted repricing of our SMB products has slowed and our SMB revenue growth has essentially bottomed out over the last two quarters. In 2019, we expect less impact from the repricing on our SMB revenue growth. Third quarter advertising revenue grew by 18% year-over-year political advertising accounted for all that growth as it also utilized its traditional inventory. We also continue to sell more overall spots with better inventory utilization and targeted selling. Mobile revenue totaled $17 million with essentially all of Q3 revenue in voice revenue. As a reminder, under our equipment installment plans or EIP, all future device installment payments are recognized as revenue on the connect day. In total, consolidated third quarter revenue was up 4.2% year-over-year with cable revenue growth of 4.0% or 4.1% when excluding both advertising and pay-per-view and VOD. Moving to operating expense on Slide 8, in the third quarter, total operating expenses grew by $302 million or 4.6% year-over-year. Excluding mobile operating expenses increased 3.1%. Programming increased 3% year-over-year, driven by contractual rate increases and renewals, offset by a lower base of total video customers and last year's Mayweather and McGregor fight which also reduced our year-over-year programming cost by 1.6%. So excluding pay-per-view and VOD programming cost, in this and last year's third quarter, programming grew by 4.4% with 5.8% on a per video customer basis. Regulatory connectivity and produce content grew by 4.4% primarily driven by our adoption of the new revenue recognition standard on January 1st which we reclassed some expenses to this line in this quarter. Cost to the service customers grew by 1.7% year-over-year compared to 3.4% customer relationship growth. We are lowering our per relationship service cost through changes in business practices and continue to see early productivity benefits from ongoing investments. Cable marketing expense grew by 3.7% year-over-year driven by higher sales. The cable expenses were up 5.5% year-over-year driven by ad sales cost, enterprise cost and IT cost from ongoing integration. Mobile expense totaled $94 million and was comprised of device cost, market launch cost and operating expenses to stand up and operate the business including our own personnel and overhead cost and our portion of the JV with Comcast, we accounted for which we discussed on last quarter's call. Device cost by device revenue, are immediately recognized but consumer payments for handsets are generally received over a two year period. Hence, the working capital headwind is highlighted. Adjusted cable EBITDA grew by 5.5% in the third quarter and when including the impact of mobile total adjusted EBITDA grew by 3.5%. Turning to net income on Slide 9, we generated $493 million of net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the third quarter versus $48 million last year and that was driven by a pension re-measurement gain this quarter, lower depreciation and amortization expense, higher adjusted EBITDA and lower severance-related expenses, partly offset by higher interest expense. Turning to Slide 10, capital expenditures totaled $2.1 billion in the third quarter, $275 million lower than last year. The decline was primarily driven by lower CPE and scalable infrastructure spend, partly offset by spend on mobile. CPE was down given a year-over-year decline in the volume and migration of the acquired customers to our Spectrum pricing and packaging. We spent about $42 million in all-digital this quarter versus $47 million in the third quarter of last year and $88 million in the second quarter of this year. The decline in scalable infrastructure capital is related to more consistent timing of in-year spend this year versus last. Line extension spending was up year-over-year as we continue to build out and fulfill our merger conditions. We spent $66 million on mobile related CapEx this quarter driven by software, some of which is related to our JV Comcast and on renovation to create mobile product marketing areas in our stores. As I mentioned last quarter our CapEx spending is more level loaded this year than last. For the full year we continue to expect the cable capital expenditures as a percentage of cable revenue to be similar or slightly lower than 2017. We also expect 2019 cable CapEx to be down meaningfully in absolute dollar terms and in terms of capital intensity. The Slide 11 shows we generated $532 million of consolidated free cash flow in this quarter including $149 million of investment in mobile. Excluding mobile we generated $681 million of cable free cash flow compared to $594 million last year. The increase was largely driven by higher adjusted EBITDA, lower cable CapEx year-over-year and lower severance expense. Now its partly offset by higher cash paid for interest and a negative contribution of cash flow from working capital. A negative change in working capital is primarily the result of lower CapEx payables on our already declining year-over-year capital intensity. I also expect our working capital related reduction to cash flow in the fourth quarter at least as compared to last year. If you recall that last year's fourth quarter working capital benefited from a much higher level of capital expenditures and from the end quarter timing of that capital expenditure both driving temporary outsized payables. Q4 of this year will not have that level of benefit due to the more level loaded CapEx spend this year. And in the fourth quarter we will see the initial working capital investment in mobile device EIP sales where the associated revenue is recovered over a two year period. We will continue to isolate that impact within the overall mobile reporting as that trend accelerates in tandem with wireless subscriber growth. Looking to next year we do expect a working capital related reduction to our cash flow in the first quarter of 2019 for cable and thats due to lower CapEx and it shouldnt be quite as pronounced as what we saw in the first quarter of this year. We finished the quarter with $71.5 billion in debt principal, our current run rate annualized cash interest expense is $3.9 billion -- I am sorry annual cash interest payments annualized was $3.9 billion whereas our P&L interest expense in the quarter suggests a $3.6 billion annual run rate. That difference is primarily due to purchase accounting. And as of the end of the third quarter our net debt to last 12 month adjusted EBITDA was 4.47 times at the high end of our target leverage range of 4 to 4.5 times. And at the end of quarter we held over $4 billion in liquidity and cash on hand and revolver capacity. And during the third quarter we repaid $2 billion of debt maturity and we also raised $2 billion in the investment grade market. Also during the third quarter we repurchased 3.5 million Charter shares and Charter Holdings common units totaling $1.1 billion at an average price of $303 per share. Since September of 2016 weve repurchased about 18% of Charter's equity. And we intend to stay at or below 4.5 times leverage on a consolidated basis, including the impact of mobile on our financials. So looking ahead, the level of integration activity, capital expenditure and service impact and changes including network upgrades will continue through the end of fourth quarter. So were looking forward to 2019 as the largest ever cable integration will be mostly behind us. Based on that -- but based on both past experience and the operating metrics we already see, we expect continued strong demand for improving connectivity products set, which includes faster Internet speeds and great mobile product that saves consumers significant money and high quality, attractively priced bundled services by video and wireline voice. And that growth combined with lower integration activity beginning in 2019 and declining capital intensity will demonstrate long-term benefits for our customer-focused operating strategy and our cable free cash flow potential. Operator, were now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Vijay Jayant from Evercore. Your line is open.
Vijay Jayant: Thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to unpack the video trend, obviously the losses decline in the quarter, I think you called out Stream and Choice packages become a bigger piece and that limited basic is moderating. Can you just help us understand sort of what's really going on, on the video competitive landscape and the growth on the expanded basic product? And then for Chris, I just wanted to reconfirm your comments, which was that there was 15 million hit from accounting changes and about 10 million from the hurricane. So, the EBITDA impact was about 25 million? Thank you.
Thomas Rutledge: So Vijay, on the macro issues, I guess there are two things to explain. One is that our desire to sell feature-rich high-value video products as part of our overall market-facing strategy, meaning when we sell or create a customer, we like to -- we believe it's appropriate to try to give that customer the full capabilities of our service. And then through time, as a result of that, keep that customer and satisfy that customer fully. In order to implement that strategy, we sell full packages of product in video which means we don't sell video or basic-only products generally incrementally. And therefore, as we grow, we're growing rich products and shrinking our broadcast-only base. And so that, that was a strategy at Legacy Charter, Legacy Cablevision actually. And so weve been implementing that through this transaction successfully. So if you're actually a programmer receiving funds from us, we're growing in your eyes, because were growing expanded basic as part of every acquisition we make generally. Every new customer to get. So thats our product strategy. In terms of where the overall marketplace is, I think it continues to be pressured for all the reasons we expressed before by high cost of content, the fact that the content is bundled the way it is as is wholesale to us and the fact that it's not very secure incrementally on the IP level meaning that you can get it without paying for it, all this puts pressure on price along with the whole value proposition of the content because its continually going up in cost. And I dont see those trends changing. And so you see a continued erosion of the overall marketplace for bundled video. That doesnt mean we can't be successful in that marketplace using video to drive our overall customer relationship growth. And that our video products can be relatively better than other companies video products and that we can achieve share shifts as a result of that.
Christopher Winfrey: Vijay, on the accounting question. So we've had due the adoption of the rev rec standards since the beginning of the year. We had some small impact in Q1 and Q2. It's a little larger in Q3, so we just made a mention of it. But you are right it is $15 million on a year-over-year basis meaning that there is a $15 million hit to EBITDA this quarter as compared to last year. As we get into Q1 of next year that year-over-year comparison difference will go away. And the other item that you mentioned is that over $10 million related to the storms. That is true that it lowered our EBITDA this quarter but it's also true that in the third quarter of last year we had a pretty similar amount that was flowing through. So just be careful when you are adjusting that on -- it's definitely relative for forward-looking, on a year-over-year comparison, it's about the same. Does that make sense?
Vijay Jayant: Right. Thanks so much.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Vijay. Michelle, we will take our next question please.
Operator: The next question is from Philip Cusick of JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Philip Cusick: Two things around pricing and revenue. First, can you compare the price increases that we've seen in the last week to last years and any impact higher or lower on broadband or video revenue this year? And then second, can you help us sort of think about your expectations for revenue and EBITDA on the next few years. I know you are not going to give guidance, but you've talked about an acceleration, I think it would help to put some framework around it. We understand you don't expect revenue to grow 4% and EBITDA 5.5% from here. But what's the level of increase we could expect in the next few years as you come out of the transition? Thank you.
Christopher Winfrey: Hey, Phil. This is Chris. It sounds like you are looking for a lot of guidance. There were  our core pricing and packaging other than what I mentioned on our double play pricing and what we are doing with it [indiscernible]. Our core pricing and packaging hasnt changed. And you are right that we've a few small increases on different services around the edges but it's not really material. The full impact of which you wont see in our numbers until December. So I know that's starts to roll through some of the billing cycles in November but full impact really won't be there for a full month until December. And that's what we've done today. It doesnt mean that ultimately that's where we will be for the full year in 2019 but it is slightly lower amount and what has been gone through this year and the last year so I think I had mentioned in my comments, we took, so meaning in 2017 we had some smaller increases that went in January, we had some smaller increases that went in August, certainly that impacted the comp for this year Q3 on Q3. We have got some small around the edge rate increases, which youve highlighted, I know you have written about it as well, but they wont be fully impacted until December and during the course of 2019 we will see where we are. But if you were to just take that and say how does that compare to what we did in the January this year, it would do slightly less than that. Revenue and EBITDA acceleration without giving guidance, the first one ties purely to customer relationship growth and from SMB having bottomed out. We think SMB is going to continue to improve. Will it be at the full rate of customer relationship growth next year? No, it won't because theres still repackaging and pricing thats going on. Enterprise is going through a similar phase, slightly behind SMB and certainly behind resi in terms of where it was just given the way thats contractual. So -- and then next year as well we are going to have the absence of political advertising which you have to keep in mind as well. What remains when you put all those pieces together is how fast can you grow your customer relationship growth and some very smaller rate increase that we just talked about. We think we can grow our customer relationships. We think the step ups will continue to play in as we have been in a high acquisition or with a lot of customers going into promotion which then roll off. But a lot of that political advertising, SMB and enterprise which I just covered and the remainder really ties to customer relationship growth and some promotional roll-offs. From EBITDA, there's a lot of benefit that comes from taking transactions out of the system, not only in the cost of those transactions but also reducing churn which means that the same marketing and sales dollars can be applied to new sales as opposed to replacing the customers that you just lost. And that generates not only incremental revenue but higher EBITDA. Our cost of service today continues to go down on a per customer relationship basis. We think that continues to go down, maybe even accelerating in terms of how efficient we can become. And as much noise as we think we are taking out of the system as it relates to transactions in TWC both the number of calls and service calls and churn at TWC is still significantly higher than it is at Legacy Charter, which means there is a big opportunity thats still sits in front of us.
Stefan Anninger: Michele we will take our next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Moffett from MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Craig Moffett: I wonder if you could just -- a little bit about the wireless business. Tom you have talked in the past about some limitations technologically with respect to the network controller and your ability to direct traffic between Verizon's network and your own network. How do you think about the MVNO in terms of sort of strategic sufficiency for your ambitions in wireless? And what might you need to do to ensure that MVNO sort of satisfies your needs?
Thomas Rutledge: Good question, Craig, and I have read some of your materials recently on that as well. And I would say this: We are a wireless company today and have over 300 million authenticated devices on our network prior to the launch of our MVNO. And as we move through the MVNO it does have limitations on our ability to manage that networking and certainly has limitations on our ability to get owners economics in some ways, although we can shift traffic onto our own network through Wi-Fi and increasingly look more likely through new spectrum that will be available to us also in a public way, like Wi-Fi in the form of the CBRS, so we got five spectrum, some of which will be public and some of which will be sold at auction. There are our new technologies coming along with dual SIM and eSIMs in mobile devices, which will allow somebody with an MVNO like us to actually run their own network and an MVNO simultaneously on the same device, which is an interesting thought as you go forward in terms of what you can do and how you manage traffic and how you can do that efficiently so that the MVNO was good for us and fit the consumers needs. But we could manage our own network and traffic on network in a more efficient way than we can today. But today we have a limited MVNO and it doesn't do what ultimately we would like it to do and -- but its more than we have -- more than we had a couple months ago. So it enhances the total value of our product. We can still save our customers tremendous amounts of money on their wireless bill every month and give them more services than they are currently getting because we can package that with the products that we have. And back to what I started the conversation with Vijay was, our product bundle is superior in terms of its total capability to what others are providing in the marketplace. And so therefore, we simply can grow our business. And we look at our current mobile relationship, our MVNO as a way to do that. But that doesn't mean that there arent opportunities going forward technologically that we will ultimately be able to take advantage of.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Craig. Michelle we will take our next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Benjamin Swinburne: Going back to your prepared remarks where you talked about the integration having been disruptive to the business. And as you expect to quickly see benefits in customer growth and meaningful churn benefits, maybe you guys could just spend a minute talking about where that disruption showed up in the 2018 financials and customer metrics? And so it would help us think about the improvements you should see as we head into 19 and I dont know if it makes sense, but it also be worth hearing from you really when you think this company is operating sort of full steam ahead, for lack of a better phrase, without the complexity of this integration, is that literally January, is the phase-in over the course of the year. I just think helping without giving guidance we can hear your enthusiasm for the business coming around the turn of the calendar but putting a little more specifics about it would be helpful?
Thomas Rutledge: Sure, Ben. Look I think the biggest impact on the financials in 2018 of the integration was in capital spending. And that ties into disruption and the operations too, so let me explain. Weve spent a lot of money to upgrade the network to all-digital. When we purchased Time Warner cable and Bright House, which youve got to remember too was 3 times the size, Charter is one-quarter size of the new company put together. And it had -- that new company in most of the acquisition footprint still had analog television on and analog television is very fat but doesnt require set-top box. And so it has two negative attributes to -- three negative attributes to our ultimate strategy. One, it eats up channel spectrum that we ultimately want to use for high-speed data and IP video. It is an inferior picture and without a -- and in order to fix it you have to put a set-top box on the customers televisions, which in itself is very disruptive. So we decided that it was necessary to get the spectrum back for the long run benefit of the business, even though it meant that we were going to have to go out to millions of customers and put new set-top boxes on analog outlet so that we could recover the spectrum. That all-digital process is completely contrary to our operating strategy, which is to provide superior products packaged in an appropriate way that takes activity out of the business, so that the overall customer relationship is less transaction intensive and therefore longer life. And as a result of that virtue is from a consumer perspective meaning the consumer gets the price they want with less activity, they last longer, so there is more revenue per transaction and it's a much more satisfying form of business. Completely contrary to that is to go visit millions of customer houses and put the digital set-top boxes that the consumers dont necessarily want an outlet that they may not even know they have. So that was one -- that capital to buy the set-top boxes, to roll the trucks and the disruption in the operating business and the impact that has on phone traffic and service calls, and therefore the ability to focus on sales, all that impacted both 2017 and 2018. The other thing we did because of the changing marketplace, we thought it was necessary to take our speeds up. We have a superior infrastructure almost everywhere we operate, and we need to make that superior infrastructure available to our customers in terms of its capability. And so we did the 1 gig upgrade across the entire footprint in a very short period of time. That was also a very capital intensive. And as a result of that, also required a lot of activity in head-ins and hubs where we had to sort of replumb the architecture and reallocate the spectrum that we received back from all-digital project to our high speed data product. And if you think about the way Time Warner operated as independent divisions for years and years and Bright House, these were separately built companies that had separate architectures, in many cases 50 divisions at one point. And so all of that had to be re-architected electronically into a uniform environment. We did the same thing with our call centers, sales centers, stores. We had multiple systems, building systems throughout the footprint in a very decentralized way. And we built an infrastructure over top of all of that so that we could operate in a uniform way. That was also very disruptive because we were changing practices for our employees which required retraining the whole workforce. So essentially all of that activity related to integration and to take a very decentralized set of assets and put them into a uniform set of assets in a very customer disruptive way will be finished by the end of 2018. It doesn't mean there is no activity going forward in 2019. There is some but the bulk of it in terms of its financial impact is behind us by the end of this year. We still have to finish the all-digital project this quarter. We still have to finish the DOCSIS 3.1 gig rollout this quarter. We are still putting billing systems together this quarter. And we will -- and the billing system integration will follow out a little bit into 2019, but by and large most of its behind, particularly the customer-facing disruption will be behind us by the end of this quarter. And so going forward, our ability to execute and just a pure financial impact of not having to spend all that capital on those projects will terminate. And so its going to be a different operating model going forward, both financially and from a physical execution perspective.
Christopher Winfrey: And what Tom was just describing, it feels like a year and half two years now I have been talking about non-linear choppier in a quarter-over-quarter. We have been turning a lot of knobs and making a lot of changes. Some of which have an immediate positive impact. As an example last year fourth quarter we started to rollout some of the streaming products which cost less. On the other hand at different stages through all the things that Tom just described that has an impact on service transactions and churn. On the Internet, that customer-facing should go away in Q1. Are we at full steam in Q1? No because the impact of what we have been doing over the past few years will stick for a little bit. But I dont think it will be Q1 but I think that incremental activity goes down in Q1 and starts to a look better through the year.
Thomas Rutledge: Well, activity is going down already, yes, and churn is going down, as we would expect. So we see the metrics -- the operating metrics and have confidence that the strategy will do what we think it will do.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thats helpful. I think that the question from myself and others are all aiming at the same thing which is we are heading towards the payoff from this acquisition and people are wondering how much revenue growth benefits to CapEx? I think is pretty straightforward. But -- and it sounds like there has been enough in the system going on that has impacted net adds maybe then ARPU and we are sort of going to come out of that. So thank you for all that color. Appreciate it.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Ben. Michelle, take our next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike McCormack from Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Mike McCormack: Yes, thanks. Tom, just a comment we heard obviously from AT&T this week, pretty weak results of DirecTV now and significant losses on the linear TV product. I suspect we will see some results from dish as well. But just maybe your view on the overall video landscape what you're seeing out there from the over-the-top guys. If that can become a slowing threat do you think? And then purely the losses of AT&T, is that an opportunity for you guys, have you taken some share there? Thanks.
Thomas Rutledge: Mike, I have said it all along that I thought that the shrinking of the satellite business would benefit our video business. But then you got these another trends as well. Including recently price increases in the virtual MVPD space which probably impacted their results too. We have had competitors in the virtual MVPD space who have been selling product below cost to the peers and even they had to admit that that was driven and raised some of the rates which will impact the overall competitive landscape. I mean if you step up above it all and look at the whole marketplace, you still have the requirement to sell most must-have programming in fat packages and the content companies ensure to their contracts that, that retailers like us carry that product in big bundles. Were not allowed to carry it without caring other services similarly situated in the same packages or unless we don't want carry it at all. And if you look at the products sets that most MVPDs have, its the same, they are similar. So that price driver and the fact that content companies have been able to price through that, puts an enormous burden on a lot of people, don't -- can't really afford a television and that affects the propensity to use passwords and other things of that nature to get product without paying for it. And by the content companies going over-the-top without having an experience of being distributors, theyve done that in way without securing the content which any distributor would theoretically do, if they knew what they were doing, but that hasnt been the case. So you have free service all over the country through passwords and yes -- and its not always that easy to deal with and you got to deal with television and so there are impediments to that as well but the reality is television can be had fairly easily without paying for it and thats true over the Internet TV as well. If you think about people charging retransmission fees for free over the air content, eventually that drives people to get antennas. So all those forces are still out there. On the other hand, satellite is very high priced single product with $100 kind of ARPUs in a world where the content is devalued and so I think you'll see continued erosion of that business and some of that will shift to us. And the question is when you look at all of that whats the portion of that comes to us?
Mike McCormack: We are fairly sure that concerns on the password stuff. But maybe just one follow-up just on the mobile stuff. I think there's been maybe some of a dismissive attitude on the wireless carrier side. What kind of customers -- I know its early days but what kind of customers youre picking up, is it the value seekers, is it prepaid migrations or is it really very quality -- high quality customers? Thanks.
Thomas Rutledge: I cant describe that yet. I don't have enough information about the individual sales that we have. But look this is a fully distributed product, mobile is. Its fully penetrated and like us everybody has one and everybody wants one. And so we think that mixing those products into our product set in the right proportions and the right prices that the whole marketplace is available to us.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Mike. Michelle, next question please?
Operator: Next question comes from Jason Bezenett with Citi. Your line is open.
Jason Bezenett: Just a question for Mr. Winfrey. You mentioned mobility would achieve profitability once it gets to scale. As you go through sort of all the variables, mix of customers and wholesale payments and handset revenue recognition, all that stuff, what's a reasonable bid ask in terms of the low high, in terms of how many subs you think you need before it does reach profitability?
Christopher Winfrey: Thanks, Jason. Look the question of breakeven is somewhat academic because it has to be in a context of your growth rate. But as to the additional growth cost, we expect the mobile business on a standalone basis without the benefit of cable which we think are a significant, we would expect new growth and new benefits to cable to reach financial breakeven around 2 million mobile lines which would be when you take customer relationships into account about 5% penetration of our Internet relationships. And I dont want that to be a guidance of where we're going to breakeven because the reality is we expect to be growing and continue to grow well beyond that. I also think theres meaningful benefit to cable. But as an academic or analytical framework that gives you a sense of where the business needs to be but it also hopefully shows our confidence around the NPV of mobile and frankly the level of risk that we are taking on of which I've expressed in the past either going to be widely profitable and very high NPV, or relatively low cost option for the company and we can think thats going to work really well both on a standalone basis as well as creating value for cable.
Stefan Anninger: Michelle next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brett Feldman from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brett Feldman: Hi, thanks. Another wireless question. You were talking about your interest in the CBRS spectrum some of which will be available on a license basis. I'm curious if that's your desire to actually use and own the license spectrum because actual case is obviously you have to show up in dollars to gain access to it. So do you anticipate that that could be significant enough of an outlay that it might disrupt your capital returns program? And then obviously a follow-up is, if you are going to gain access to more spectrums you have to build it out. How does that factor into your outlook for material improvement in your CapEx going forward? Thanks.
Thomas Rutledge: So Brett. First of all we dont think that spectrum will be auctioned until 2020. And so from a timing perspective that's probably the case. And one of the nice things about the way that auction will work is that it will be done on a county-by-county basis which were pleased to see so that in terms of the need for that spectrum, the ability to bid on it in footprints that make sense to us as conventional cable operators, makes a lot of sense. That said there's also a free spectrum available to us. And yes there would be capital, there would be cost if youve got spectrum and there would be capital associated with it. And back to Craig's question, it's really a question about if you had an MVNO business and had a certain cost level and you had a technological solution that was more efficient than that, gave you a return so to speak because you had less MVNO cost as a result of putting the capital out. That would be a good business opportunity. And so when we evaluate whether we want to buy spectrum or whether we want to put capital or put radios and CBRS, our strand or however, we want to do the deployment or physically by some location we would look at the traffic and the cost of the MVNO and say to ourselves what would the capital do from a cost perspective. If it is more efficient to spend the capital and reduce our expenditures on the MVNO, that would be good return on investment. So we will look at that as it comes up.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Brett. Michelle, we have time for one last question.
Operator: Okay. So your final question will come from John Hodulik from UBS. Your line is open.
John Hodulik: First, you guys have been helpful talking about the decline in capital intensity we should see as we sort of come out of this integration tunnel. And then on the call here, I think the focus has been more on sort of the revenue impact. But if we could just talk a little bit about the margin side. You have seen some margin improvement but you still trail Comcast by about 300 bps. Should we see a corresponding sort of improving trend in terms of margin increases as we get through this integration cycle because we talked about the OpEx spending that goes along with all-digital and sort of duplicative cost. So if you could give us a little bit more color there, its not as evident as it is in the sort of the CapEx line? And then over on the business side, Chris, your comments talking about the improving revenue trends as we start annualizing some of these -- the repricing of the Time Warner cable business segment. And I think you mentioned Navisite and cell backhaul there as playing a role in the deceleration we saw this year. Can you just give us a little color on sort of what's happening there and sort of how it looks coming out of this repricing?
Thomas Rutledge: So I'll start John, with cost to serve and margin. As we come out of the integration we pick up -- we do -- our margins -- well all other things being equal, our margins would improve as a result of the fact that our churn is going to go down. And the reason our churn is going to go down is because our service is actually better. We are not visiting customers and creating more transactions that are necessary, our repeat service call activity will go down, which means that there are less physical transactions per dollar revenue or per customer relationship. If our churn goes down because our products work better and our relationship with our customer is better and more satisfying, the product mix is correct the pricing and packaging is correct, then our churn goes down because the satisfaction goes up. That means that for the same dollar of revenue with a lower churn rate or the same customer account with the lower churn rate you have a less connects and less disconnects which means you have less activity which means you have lower cost. So we have expectations that we will have significant reductions on cost to serve. And obviously going forward technological change too and the way weve put the company together from a scale perspective and our service infrastructure from a scale perspective, our ability to handle more customers more efficiently gets better through time. So, we expect that we will be able to generate faster EBITDA growth tan revenue growth as a result of the satisfaction that we create through the asset deployments that we've done over the last couple of years.
John Hodulik: Not just in 2019 improvement but that carries through.
Thomas Rutledge: Its multiple years, yes.
Christopher Winfrey: John the question regarding enterprise, so rough order of magnitude thats $3.5 billion business and well over $600 million of it is cell backhaul and Navisite, which are flattish. Thats the only point that were bringing out that. So there is a portion of it which naturally isnt growing at the same pace as the rest of the business and the remainder is growing faster from a relationship standpoint 15% PSU growth. But the same thing that we have done in residential, that weve done at SMB, really past year weve been going to market in more aggressive way on pricing, around whether it's fiber Internet access or Ethernet or Metro Ethernet or voice. Weve been more aggressive in the marketplace to grow and to try to compete and accelerate growth, which is worth. But we're doing that not only with better service but better pricing and that has an impact on your revenue growth rate as the existing base comes out of contract and theres new pricing and packaging on enterprise. So same story, just a little later start and its going to be more prolonged or slow in terms of where it bottoms out and returns to growth just given the nature of the contracts that exist in enterprise.
Thomas Rutledge: So there is another thing I would say about revenue growth, so just to finish that off is that were selling in -- we're going to be selling in mobile which does have a higher revenue component to it in packaging going forward and the consumer from a total cost to them perspective will be getting savings. So we think thats pretty interesting opportunity overall for us.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks a lot, John. Mitchell, that concludes our call.
Thomas Rutledge: Alright. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc. Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc. Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.
Analysts: Vijay Jayant - Evercore Group LLC Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US) Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC Douglas Mitchelson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Amy Yong - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Michelle, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Charter's second quarter 2018 investor call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to Stefan Anninger. Please go ahead.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Good morning and welcome to Charter's second quarter 2018 investor call. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com, under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K and 10-Q. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call. However, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect management's current view only, and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements or to make additional forward-looking statements in the future. During the course of today's call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures, as defined by Charter, may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. Please also note that all growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise specified. Joining me on today's call are Tom Rutledge, Chairman and CEO; and Chris Winfrey, our CFO. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Stefan. During the second quarter, we saw higher sales of our products across each of our legacy footprints. As of the end of the second quarter, 62% of residential Time Warner Cable and Bright House customers were in our Spectrum pricing and packaging, up from 55% at the end of the first quarter. Over the last year, we've grown our total Internet customer base by over 1.2 million or 5.2%, faster than any other provider of any scale in the United States and video net losses were less than in Q2 of last year. Our customer growth remains strong despite our significant integration activity and the short-term disruption it creates. In the second quarter, we grew total revenue by 4.8% year-over-year, including residential revenue growth of 4.6%. Adjusted EBITDA grew by 6.2%, when excluding mobile. And we remain confident in our ability to accelerate growth through higher sales, lower churn and by increasing operational efficiency, all resulting in higher revenue per passing and lower operating and capital costs per relationship. During the quarter, we rolled out our gigabit speed offering to more than 20 million additional passings using DOCSIS 3.1 technology. We now offer gigabit service to approximately 60% of our footprint. And we'll finish our full upgrade to DOCSIS 3.1 by the end of this year at very low cost and relatively little outside labor or physical construction. We've also raised our minimum Spectrum Internet speed to 200 megabits in about 40% of our footprint at no additional cost to our customers. We're raising our Internet speeds faster than originally planned in order to maintain our superior competitive position and it's working. Now turning to wireless, later this year, we'll begin launching the initial version of our new wireless 802.11ax router. This new device will not only deliver multi gigabit speed throughput in future products, but also broader coverage throughout the home, and even more support for a higher number of concurrent devices of constant set of applications like video streaming and voice. On June 30, we soft launched our Spectrum Mobile service under our MVNO agreement. We now offer mobile service to both new and existing Spectrum Internet customers at highly attractive prices. Our Unlimited service costs $45 per month and our By the Gig service is $14 per gigabyte. Both products offer unlimited talk and text and customers can change between plans mid-month. The launch has gone very well and we're scaling the operation, which is intentionally generating relatively small order volume at the moment as we ramp up features and marketing throughout the summer. In the next few months, we'll expand our mobile capabilities, offering a wider array of mobile devices and giving customers the ability to transfer their existing handsets. We'll also expand our mobile sales channels, including offering our new service in a greater number of retail locations. Spectrum Mobile offers new and existing customers the opportunity to save hundreds of dollars per year on their mobile bill, all while bundling that service with our superior and value-rich broadband and other connectivity services. Ultimately, the goal is to use Spectrum Mobile to attract and retain more multi-product customers, driving faster customer growth, higher penetration and greater EBITDA per passing. Our all-digital initiative is on schedule for completion by year end. 91% of our total footprint is now all-digital. And at the end of the second quarter, only 6% of legacy Time Warner Cable customers continued to carry full analog video lineup, down from approximately 40% at the end of 2016. Approximately 50% of the Bright House footprint still carries analog signals, mostly in the Tampa area where we've started to go all-digital in June. By the end of this year, the whole company will be fully digitized as we deploy fully functioning two-way set-top boxes, mostly our WorldBox, on all remaining analog TV outlets that we serve. Together with Spectrum Guide fully deployed at new connects, flexible streaming packages, consistent IP user guides and the introduction of our cloud-based DVR product later this year, we will have made our video product competitive and consistent nationwide. In the meantime, the traditional video marketplace continues to be challenged by: a combination of continued programming rate increases, with rights tied to carriage of multiples services and packaging limitations; new over-the-top and virtual MVPD options, often with poor security and negative profit margins; and changing customer viewer behavior. Those trends aren't new. And given the outsized programming cost increases, video as a standalone service has been a declining margin business for some time. And despite that, we've managed to and expect to continue to grow our EBITDA and cash flow consistently and at healthy rates. Cable's success as an industry, despite the challenges of standalone video product margin pressure, is because at our core, we provide connectivity. Going back to its inception as community access TV, retransmitting free over-the-air signals or developing broadband Internet or landline voice, and now a WiFi mobile product, the transport or connectivity business is what we've always been. We've never looked at product-specific margins at Charter, but rather at the profitability and returns of an individual customer or passing. We continue to add new services to our network and increase our revenue per passing and lower our cost per dollar of revenue by adding significant value to as many customers as we can connected to that network. As part of a service package, video drives connects, reduces churn and drives higher satisfaction and remains an integral part of our business strategy, even though it drives less standalone profit over time. That video relationship helps us market our connectivity services and advanced advertising to both new and existing customers. What a video subscriber or viewer is and how the video market is defined is changing, while total video consumption is going up. If we execute well, no one is better positioned to serve that video marketplace than we are, given that our network, including traditional and IP video platforms; our service infrastructure, both wired and wireless; our significant programming relationships and role in securing content and our own local content; and our ability to package and bundle services to drive overall connectivity relationship growth. While we use video to drive connections, our business plan continues to assume that programming costs will continue to grow, that emerging video  or virtual MVPDs will aggressively price their product and that traditional MVPD market will continue to contract even though we're growing share. And whether or not our traditional video units grow a little or decline a little has little bearing on our ability to accelerate consolidated cash flow growth and create a lot of value for our shareholders. As a reminder, we have shown our value creation model on slide 5 of today's presentation. Ultimately, our long-term growth opportunity comes from powerful, having an easy to upgrade network that allows us to offer data-rich wireline and wireless products that consumers want and businesses need. And our customer penetration, which is just above 50%, is low relative to where it should be, considering the quality of our wireline and wireless products today and in the future. Business products have an even greater penetration upside. The capability of our plant will continue to expand with these advanced DOCSIS product rollouts and the convergence of our wireline and wireless architectures, allowing us to offer high-capacity, high-compute, low latency connectivity products both inside and outside of the home. So we have an excellent runway for customer growth and a significant opportunity for operational cost efficiencies from improving products and service and reducing transactions. And our expected EBITDA growth, combined with our declining capital intensity, balance sheet strategy and tax assets, will yield industry-leading free cash flows per share growth in the coming years. Now I'll turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Tom. Before covering our results, a few administrative items. This is the first quarter which we presented our customer results using consistent definitions across all three legacy entities. On July 11, we issued an 8-K announcing that we had posted a revised trending schedule on our IR website and that trending schedule shows our customers results under the uniform methodology going back to the beginning of 2016 and provides a reconciliation schedule to our previous reporting. As I mentioned on our last call, starting the third quarter of this year, I expect we'll only report consolidated operating statistics and revenue results. We may still call out legacy entity drivers where relevant, but we'll report as one company. Finally, recall that starting on January 1 of this year, we prospectively adopted FASB's new revenue recognition standard. There are a number of relatively small adjustments in the quarter related to the adoption of the standard, both in revenue and expenses, which in total lowered EBITDA by a single-digit million dollar amount this quarter as compared to last year. Now turning to our results. Total residential and SMB customer relationships grew by 196,000 in the second quarter and grew 884,000 over the last 12 months, with 3.2% growth at TWC, 3.3% at Legacy Charter and 4.2% at Bright House. Including residential and SMB, Internet grew by 267,000 in the quarter, video declined by 57,000, and voice declined by 8,000. 62% of residential TWC and Bright House customers were in Spectrum pricing and packaging at the end of the second quarter. Second quarter customer connects were higher year-over-year in each of the Legacy footprints and while voluntary churn was lower year-over-year, total relationship disconnects were higher. The key driver was higher non-pay disconnects from integration-related system issues we discussed last quarter. Those issues were fixed and the non-pay churn from those issues is improving on the timeline we outlined. To give a better sense of how the quarter progressed, consolidated residential customer relationship net additions were a little lower year-over-year in April, closer to prior-year in May, and in June, customer relationship net additions in video and Internet PSU adds were a bit better year-over-year for consolidated Charter and at each of the three Legacy entities. In residential Internet, we added a total of 218,000 residential customers versus 230,000 last year. Total company Internet sales were higher year-over-year. As Tom mentioned, as of late 2Q, we now offer 200 megabits per second as our minimum Internet speed in about 40% of our footprint and we offer gigabit service in approximately 60% of our footprint. And we expect to have gigabit service available nearly everywhere by the end of 2018. Over the last 12 months, we grew our total residential Internet customer base by 1.1 million customers, or 4.8%, with 4.7% growth at TWC, 4.8% growth at Legacy Charter, and 5.6% at Bright House. Over the last year, TWC residential video customers declined by 2.2%. Pre-deal Charter declined by 1.5% and Legacy Bright House video was flat year-over-year. Over the last year, over 100% of our total video net losses were from limited basic. In voice, we lost 45,000 residential video customers versus a gain of 14,000 last year, driven primarily by higher non-pay churn at TWC and lower upgrade and attach rates. Over the last year, we grew total residential customer relationships by 714,000 or 2.8%. Residential revenue per customer relationship grew by 1.7% year-over-year, given the lower rate of SPP migration, rate adjustments, fewer limited basic customers and promotional campaign roll-off that was partly offset by higher levels of Internet-only customers and better sales with sell-in at promotional rates. Slide 9 shows our customer growth combined with our ARPU growth resulted in year-over-year residential revenue growth of 4.6%. Beginning this quarter, our GAAP accounting allocated more revenue away from billed residential voice into primarily residential video, and a GAAP allocation between products has no impact on total residential revenue or revenue growth. But as we've noted in the past, our reported product revenue does not reflect revenue allocation on customer bills. That's one of the reasons we stopped reporting individual product ARPU several years ago, because focusing on the product revenue and product ARPU growth rates does not reflect how we market and bill our bundled services. This reporting challenge is likely to grow over time with the introduction of mobile, which really just argues for (16:10) continued focus on total residential revenue, customer relationships, and bundling. Turning to commercial revenue. Total SMB and enterprise combined grew by 4.4% in the second quarter, with SMB up 2.9% and enterprise up by 6.7%. Excluding cell backhaul and Navisite, Spectrum Enterprise grew revenue by 10%. Sales are up in both SMB and enterprise. And TWC together with Bright House have grown SMB customer relationships by over 11% in the last year. Our SMB revenue growth in the TWC and Bright House markets hasn't yet followed the unit growth, and it won't until we get through the transition to more competitive pricing in both our SMB and enterprise products. We expect that ARPU offset will continue through 2018 but the revenue growth will ultimately follow the unit growth. Second quarter advertising revenue grew by 12% year-over-year, primarily due to an increase in political and advanced advertising products that allow for more targeted selling with better inventory utilization. Excluding political, advertising revenue grew by about 3% year-over-year. In total, second quarter revenue for the company was up 4.8% year-over-year and 4.5% when excluding advertising. Turning to operating expenses on slide 10. In the second quarter, total operating expenses grew by $293 million or 4.5% year-over-year. Programming increased 5.8% year-over-year, driven by contractual rate increases and renewals and a higher expanded customer base and mix. Regulatory, connectivity and produced content grew by 5.1%, primarily driven by our adoption of the new revenue recognition standard on January 1, which reclassed some expenses to this line in the quarter. Costs to service customers grew by 1.2% year-over-year, or roughly a third of our customer relationship growth rate. So even with the temporary impact of higher bad debt expense, we are lowering our per relationship service cost through changes in business practices and seeing early productivity benefits from ongoing insourcing investments. Marketing expenses grew by 1.2% year-over-year, but benefited from lower transition costs this year. And other expenses were up 5.8% year-over-year, driven by higher IT cost from ongoing integration less synergy benefits and higher ad sales cost, insurance costs and enterprise spend tied to growth. Excluding $33 million of mobile expenses, primarily launch-related, adjusted EBITDA or adjusted cable EBITDA grew by 6.2% in the second quarter. When including the impact of mobile, adjusted EBITDA grew by 5.3%. Turning to net income on slide 11. We generated $273 million of net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the second quarter versus $139 million last year, and that increase was driven by higher adjusted EBITDA and lower severance-related expenses partly offset by higher interest expense. Turning to slide 12. Capital expenditures totaled $2.4 billion in the second quarter. And the higher year-over-year spending was primarily driven by scalable infrastructure, support capital and line extensions. The increase in scalable infrastructure was related to more consistent timing of in-year spend, and planned product improvements for video and Internet, including spending related to DOCSIS 3.1 launches. We also spent more in the support categories on vehicles, software development and facility spend tied to insourcing, and about $45 million of which was related to our Spectrum Mobile launch, mostly in the way of software and stores. Line extension spending was up year-over-year as we continue to build out and fulfill our merger conditions. CPE spend was down year-over-year given inventory build from the migration of customers to Spectrum pricing and packaging last year, an all-digital inventory build in the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter of this year. We spent about $88 million in all-digital this quarter versus $5 million in the second quarter last year and $186 million in the first quarter of this year. So our CapEx spending is more level-loaded this year than last. For the full year, we continue to expect a cable capital intensity or cable capital expenditures as a percentage of cable revenue to be similar and slightly lower than 2017. We also expect 2019 cable CapEx to be down in absolute dollar terms and in terms of capital intensity. Before moving on to cash flow, I wanted to provide a brief update on our Spectrum Mobile product which, as Tom mentioned, launched on June 30 and is going well. During the quarter, we didn't generate any mobile revenue, but we had $33 million in mobile operating expense, driven by mobile-related personnel and overhead costs to prepare for our launch. That $33 million in negative adjusted EBITDA, combined with the total mobile CapEx of $53 million, mostly for software and stores, and mobile working capital usage of $30 million, yielded mobile free cash flow of negative $116 million in the quarter. As Tom mentioned, we'll be launching additional devices and bring your own device options over the coming months, which will put us in a position for a broader market launch. The more customer growth we generate, the more incremental revenue we'll generate from mobile and from cable. Much of that revenue in the beginning will be device contract revenue, which is fully recognized on the contract date and similarly, as cost of goods sold under EIP accounting, with the customer payments for handsets received over a longer period, hence the working capital headwind. The more mobile customer growth we generate early on, the more EBITDA and cash flow drag we'll experience in the early days, but we expect the incremental mobile P&L to be significantly NPV positive with broader growth benefits to our core cable services. We won't present mobile as a separate P&L or segment, but we will attempt to isolate the early effects on revenue, operating expense, CapEx and working capital, so long as the allocation of revenue still makes it relevant. Should also mention that we finalized our mobile JV with Comcast this quarter with a portion of the funding representing an equity investment on our balance sheet and a portion representing a prepayment of software development and related services for the mobile back-office platform also on our balance sheet. As the partnership spends on development and service delivery, we reflect those services as capital or operating expense, depending on the nature of the services delivered. Slide 13 shows we generated $804 million of consolidated free cash flow this quarter, including $116 million of investment in mobile that I mentioned a moment ago. Excluding mobile, we generated $920 million of cable free cash flow compared to $1.1 billion in the second quarter of last year. The decline was largely driven by a smaller working capital benefit than in the prior year timing, higher CapEx year-over-year, and higher cash paid for interest. That was partly offset by higher adjusted EBITDA and lower severance expenses. We finished the quarter with $71 billion in debt principal. Our current run rate annualized cash interest is $3.8 billion, whereas our P&L interest expense in the quarter suggests a $3.5 billion annual run rate. That difference is primarily due to purchase accounting. As of the end of the second quarter, our net debt to last 12-month adjusted EBITDA was 4.47 times, within our target leverage range of 4 to 4.5 times. At the end of the quarter, we held over $700 million in cash and additional revolver capacity of $3.9 billion. And in July, we repaid $2 billion of debt maturity and also raised $1.5 billion in the investment-grade market. During the second quarter, we repurchased 6.4 million shares and Charter Holdings common units totaling $1.9 billion at an average price of $291 per share. Since September of 2016, we've repurchased nearly 17% of Charter's equity. We intend to stay at or below 4.5 times on a consolidated basis, including the impact of mobile on our financials. So we're in good shape. At the end of this year, we'll be operating Charter as one company in a very competitive way. Spectrum pricing and packaging migration will be almost complete. All-digital will be done and we'll be offering Spectrum Guide to all new video customers. DOCSIS 3.1 and higher speeds will be available everywhere. Mobile will be fully launched, with a very attractive offer for cable sales and retention. And our service operations integration will be nearly complete, which we expect will continue to lower transaction volume and drive cost savings and service improvement. There's still ongoing internal and customer disruption to make that happen. It is, for the most part, purposeful, so we can grow even faster sooner. The operating strategy outlined on slide 5 works and when combined with our tax assets, declining capital intensity and ROI-based capital allocation, leaves us very well-positioned to drive strong returns for our shareholders. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Your first question comes from Vijay Jayant from Evercore. Your line is open.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore Group LLC: Thank you. So a question first for Chris, if you sort of look at the cost of servicing customers, it's actually increased in the last two quarters while it was sort of down last year. Is that increase all sort of tied to the credit screening software glitch? And assuming that's sort of done by the end of 2Q, can that sort of revert back to declining? And second, just a broader question, obviously, there was a story out last week that the New York PSC is probably going to revoke, request you to undo the merger in some form. Can you just talk about what are the implications there, how we should think about what that really means? Thank you.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Vijay, I'll answer the second part of the question first. We believe we're in compliance with the plain reading and the buildout requirements that the state imposed on us in merger conditions and we have a very strong legal case and ability to defend ourselves. And it could play out over a lengthy period of time if required. Just to put it in perspective, we're operating in 41 states, we have thousands of franchise agreements and generally, we have good relationships with the communities we serve and we live up to our commitments, and we have in New York State. In fact, we're well ahead of our obligations in terms of speed upgrades and in buildout itself. We do have labor issues in New York City which we believe have politicized the actions of the PSC, and so we're concerned about that. We've successfully negotiated other agreements with the same union, IBEW, in other parts of the country during this period. So we're hopeful that we can work all this out, but if necessary, we'll litigate and we believe we're in the right.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: On the first question, Vijay, I think your question was cost to service customers, could it go flat again or even negative. We don't provide overall guidance much less line by line, but what I can tell you is the cost to service customers was essentially flat year-over-year, absent the increase in bad debt expense. And you have to take that in the context of still fairly significant customer relationship growth, which means that whether or not you exclude that temporary increase in bad debt expense, we're getting significantly more efficient at the same time that we're still making investments in insourcing. So I think that bodes well for the long-term of our ability to continue to get more and more productive on that line item. And the bigger impact on that isn't just a cost impact, what it really means is that our customers are contacting us less, which means that they're having less service issues, service disruption, less billing related calls, less retention related calls, which means that churn is going down and your customer lives (28:52) are going up, as satisfaction is higher. And that really has an impact, a significant impact on the top line, which is the biggest driver for EBITDA and margin and cash flow growth over time. So you're right to focus on it and I think that it can continue to deliver an outsized benefit relative to the customer relationship growth over time.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore Group LLC: Great. Thanks so much.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Vijay. Michelle, our next question please.
Operator: Next question comes from Jonathan Chaplin from New Street Research. Your line is open.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): Thanks, a question for Chris. I'm wondering if you can give us some more context around your decisions on wireless pricing. So I think, Chris, earlier in the year, you suggested the expectation that you guys would be pretty aggressive in wireless with the launch. And with the pricing coming in higher than where Comcast was on a per gigabyte basis, I'm just wondering what you sort of learned from their experience and from your own testing and trials before launching. Are you thinking you'll be less aggressive in general or do you think you can take share aggressively at this level of pricing? (30:17)
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yes. There's a lot to be said for the way Comcast prices and packages their product, we actually admire some of the things they did and think they're both good business and disruptive at the same time. But we make our own prices and our own analysis of the marketplace and this is where we came out on pricing for the long haul in terms of launching our business and being aggressive with our business. I think if you really think about how you make the business grow, it's not just the standalone pricing of the business, but how you integrate it into your overall sales process, packaging process. And so whether we're aggressive or not is in the eye of the beholder, and obviously in terms of what kind of actual market share we take. I saw a statistic the other day, it was kind of interesting to me, which was that Charter's actually the largest wireline phone company in North America. And we've never sold phone as a standalone product. So you can do very well with a product but our intention is to use mobility as a feature of our overall customer relationship creation process.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): Got it. Thanks, Tom.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Jonathan. Michelle, we'll take our next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks, good morning. One for Tom and one for Chris. Tom, on the broadband product and all the improvements you're making, you talk about what your expectations are for Verizon's 5G launch, which I believe is coming to L.A. I'm not sure if it's going to be in your L.A. footprint but just generally, how you're thinking about the impact that may have on your business. And how are the higher minimum speeds that you've deployed and the 1-gigabit service is impacting your customer metrics here as we move into the second half, either sales or churn? And then for Chris, thank you for the disclosure on the CapEx front on all-digital. Just to help us  remind us, how do you define all-digital spending? And should we be thinking about this what looks to be run rating $500 million-plus number for the year as sort of completely going away in 2019? And are there any other factors we should be thinking about, at least qualitatively, that may change next year versus this year on the CapEx side? Thanks.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: So Ben, with regard to the speed increases, yes, there's a couple ways of looking at what we're doing with speed. We're taking and making our data product better and more competitive everywhere we operate, so that we can increase the rate of our growth and take share faster. And we think that it's successful and that it's working where it's been rolled out. And as I said, we rolled out 20 million homes passed in the quarter and we're about 60% through our 50 million homes passed in general. So we're really just getting started from a speed marketing activation and implementation perspective. But it appears to be working where we thought it would and we expect to get higher growth rates in the future as a result of having a better product. It's that simple. With regard to 5G, I look at what Verizon has announced as a kind of a conventional overbuild. Small cells require, essentially, a fiber optic cable system to supply them. So there's a lot of capital intensity with that kind of build. Their projection was to build 30 million passings in the United States over 10 years, which, if you believe that's going to happen, then 40% of those approximately would be in our footprint, if they deploy them with any kind of random distribution. And so you could do the math of what kind of penetrations you might achieve with a met-too product delivered wirelessly over a 10-year period in 12 million passings. So I think it's a difficult process to use 5G as essentially as a wireless drop and it requires having all of the physical assets underneath that. So it's very capital-intensive and maybe as much or more capital-intensive than the conventional fiber build, like Google attempted.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Ben, on all-digital, we define the all-digital capital expenditures, any and all incremental capital expenditure related to rolling out all-digital, the vast, vast majority of that sits in CPE and installation, but it would also apply to certain network spend that takes place right as we begin to take a particular market all-digital, but the vast majority of it's in the CPE category which includes installation. Your question was also does it go away in 2019. It does. I think already, in the, particularly, the fourth quarter this year, you'll see it come down quite a bit because we'll have all the inventory replaced for the all-digital activity that we're going to do. The bigger point is not only will it go away in 2019, but our level of video CPE becomes permanently lower. And that happens because you've fully capitalized the existing base with set-top boxes and it happens because on the increment, we're deploying more of our video subscriber outlets in an IP format where it doesn't require a set-top box, which means that you can utilize returned set-top boxes for new customers without having additional CPE buy. So I think our level of video CPE placement has peaked and is going to drop dramatically. It's fully capitalized with new boxes that are both IP and QAM-capable, and I think that just continues to improve over time. We'll also have in 2019 a lot less integration capital, DOCSIS 3.1 is a big spend last year and this year, that goes away. So I think the amount of CapEx reduction that we have going into last year is not going to be inconsequential both in dollar and percentage terms.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's helpful. Thanks, Chris.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Ben. Michelle, we'll take our next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from Jessica Reif from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So hi. I've got three questions. First on advertising, your numbers were stronger than the industry is likely to be, just wondering if you can give some color on some of the things you're doing there. Then on SMB, the adds were so much stronger than revenue. Can you just talk a little bit about what will drive revenue growth going forward and maybe some color on what the underlying margins are? And then finally, can you talk  I know this comes up a lot, but is there any interest in some kind of content, specifically Disney will be forced to sell the RSNs [regional sports networks] as part of the Fox acquisition. Could you comment on any potential interest in that?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Okay, I'll take advertising. This is a political year, and we have a lot of battleground states, although it appears that those continue to increase in quantity, so there's that effect in our advertising revenue. We're also growing our underlying advertising at the expense of other broadcast products essentially at the local level, but it's a difficult business. We've been investing and targeting and changing the nature of advertising itself, and we're selling a lot more data-infused products as well as digitals products themselves for advertising. And so the revenue's going up and we're proud of it, but it's also  it's got a lot of winds behind its back in terms of having a political year. But the underlying core advertising business, too, you can almost look at the advertising business on biannual cycles, based on the political effect in advertising. But we're making headway at the core of our advertising product and our advertising business. In SMB, you're right, the revenue growth is relatively small to the unit growth. And that's a conscious strategy based on our pricing and packaging. We think we're at about the nadir of growth in terms of revenue growth, meaning the decisions we made to reprice the small business marketplace and to drive a market share strategy means that we're growing very rapidly and creating increases in market share, which we expect to continue. And we had an existing base of subscribers who were mispriced in many cases, and that mispricing is coming out of the business. And we expect that going forward, that revenues will start to converge on the unit growth rate. And so we expect to have a significant and fast growing unit and revenue business going forward. And there's some of that in our enterprise business as well. And lastly on content, our views on content haven't changed. A lot of content companies have come to us and asked us to buy them. And we so far not found a situation that made sense to us. We like our core business. We like our connectivity business. It doesn't mean that there isn't a possible content business that would be priced right for us, but there's no direct synergy, in most cases, for us in owning content. Now we do have a different point of view on local news, and we've been investing in local news. We think it's an area where our assets and the product actually makes sense from a scale perspective. So we're about to launch a 24 hour local news channel in Los Angeles. And we've been doing similar repurposing of existing local sports and local news channels throughout the country and turning them into high quality local news channels. So our view on content is unchanged, regardless of the way the current marketplace is developing.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Jessica. Michelle, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Kraft from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, good morning. Wanted to just ask you two questions. First on share repurchases, my impression has been that if you're going to use the high end of your target leverage range, it would be to pursue strategic opportunities. So I wanted to ask you, since you're near the high end now just through share repurchases, what's the appetite to stay at the high end of the range to repurchase shares or even go above the high end in order to take advantage of the stock price? And then separately, one of your peers is growing programming costs per sub at less than 5% so far this year. Is there a reason for Charter's programming cost per sub growth to dip down to these levels at some point over the next couple of years or will the contract renewal cadence preclude that kind of outcome? Thank you.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: So, Bryan, on the share repurchases, the amount of share repurchases we've been doing over the past couple quarters, just simple math, it's to your point, we've been staying at the high end of the 4 to 4.5 times. We are trying to make sure that we have enough headroom each quarter to stay within an LTM 4.5 times including the temporary impact of the mobile launch costs. And, as I mentioned before, there's a little push and pull there as it relates to growth on mobile because of the temporary impacts you have, that could be higher. But the business at its core has a capability to delever a half turn, plus or minus, within a year. So to the extent strategic opportunities come about and you want to modify it because you think that's better, you have a way to get to what is a half a turn on Charter's a pretty substantial amount of capital, if you really saw something that had a better ROI relative to buying back your own stock. And that's the lens that we would look at it. We have not had and we do not have a willingness to temporarily or permanently go above our leverage target. And the primary reason for that is that we do have $71 billion of capital. We have commitments as it relates to our investment-grade structure and we intend to honor those. And we think the long-term NPV of doing so is better not only for debt holders but for equity holders. And I'm not so sure that many of our equity holders would like to see us go above that in any event as it relates to just doing buybacks. So that's our stance. It hasn't changed and we are trying to be aggressive, given the recent stock price within those constraints, to buy back stock.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yeah, I don't know what peer you're referring to on programming costs, but I would say this that because we are actually growing expanded video, and the video losses that we have incurred are basic-only, meaning broadcast-only video losses, we are actually growing our programming costs based on unit volumes. So if you're a programmer receiving payments from Charter, your programming costs are increasing due to volume. We're actually creating rich packages of video for our programmers. And so there's the unit cost and then there's the actual volume cost. And even though it looks like units are going down, from a programming perspective, they're going up.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, thanks for the color on both. Thank you.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Bryan.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Bryan. Michelle, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Moffett from MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Tom, in last night's proxy filing from T-Mobile, it looks as though there were interested parties in Sprint that it's easy to imagine Company A or Company B was likely Charter. I just wondered if you could comment on whether a year ago, you had interest in acquiring wireless assets and how you would view that today. And then second unrelated question, I wonder if you could comment on John Malone stepping down from your board and we've got a lot of questions about that. Maybe you could share your thoughts.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Okay. Well, I don't know what's in the  I didn't read the proxy, unlike you, of T-Mobile, but we didn't make an attempt to buy any wireless assets. That isn't to say that we didn't have significant discussions with Sprint about an MVNO relationship. We had virtually no discussions with T-Mobile as I recall. With regard to  just on that question of wireless convergence and assets, I think that our ability to create mobile customers and our ability to create wireless products on our network is sufficient right now, and that we have advantages in our network infrastructure that will allow us to build an inside-out strategy in wireless that we think doesn't require any kind of immediate mobile relationship other than an MVNO. It doesn't mean that sometime in the future mobile assets might be priced right and that natural convergence would occur, but there's nothing in our near-term horizon that dictates that we go that path. With regard to John Malone, John is going to stay on as a director emeritus. He's been in the business 50 years. I love having him on the board. I'm happy that he's staying as director emeritus. He remains the control shareholder of Liberty Broadband, which owns about 20% of Charter, and he still has a right to appoint three board members and has. And we welcome Jim Meyer of Sirius to our board, and we think he brings real value to us. We think that John will continue to be engaged with the company, that he likes the business. I like having him engage with the company. He brings tremendous insight to us, but he wants to reduce his workload and he's overboarding, so to speak, and he's just reached a point in his life where he feels like he has to. But we do board meetings in Denver and we may do them in Florida. So we think he'll be involved with us for years to come.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Thanks, Tom.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Craig. Thanks, Craig. Michelle, we'll take our next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Mitchelson from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Douglas Mitchelson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: The declining video subscribers is manageable and programming costs would continue to rise, and that seems like a less combative stance than I've heard from you previously. And I, for one, personally doubt you'll be less combative. So I'm trying to understand how do you  what are the execution imperatives to manage the declining video subscriber base? Do you have to reduce overhead costs? Do you have to do skinny bundles or package definitely in the future? Does traditional programming relationships break down at some point? And then for Chris, a question I know you're going to love. You know that mobile will be significantly NPV positive over time. Obviously, we're all trying to figure out that path. So I guess the question is what penetration of customers or homes or broadband customers does mobile have to reach to reach NPV breakeven? And since you won't answer that, how long to breakeven overall? Or any metrics at all we can use to try to think about how mobile's going to impact numbers over the next few years would be super helpful. Thanks.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: We appreciate your candor, first of all.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: And your love. So look, we're going to be aggressive and we're going to use video aggressively. But what we're saying is that it isn't really a standalone product in its current situation. People have been asking this question about video for a long time now and well more than five years, probably closer to 10  maybe the whole experience of video broadcasting was dead when I got into the business 40 years ago and it's still around. So what you can  even though you can see the future, it's very hard to say when. I would say that there's a lot of forces still holding the traditional MVPD relationships together, including what you just saw with Disney acquiring the Fox assets. And there's still a large group of very large content companies that control significant linear and sports content. And that's all contractually bound together in packages. So while there is some degradation in the whole relationship and it has become overpriced in many cases, and it's actually pushing people out of the marketplace, that said, video consumption is still high. And part of that is because video is free, in many cases, because of the security that's on a lot of the virtual MVPDs and the TV Everywhere products and the password sharing on other over-the-top products. All of that is putting pressure on traditional video, but at the same time, it's the perfect way of selling content. And so it isn't just going to go away overnight. How fast? I don't know. But I think we can manage our way through it and use video to drive relationships for the foreseeable future. And yes, we have streaming packages. And yes, every incremental box we're putting out has a Netflix app on it. And so we're going to supply our customers with all the video they can get and use video however it develops and whoever owns it in a way that enhances the customer relationship and uses the video as an attribute of the overall product that we sell. So I guess the simple answer is I don't know what happens exactly, but that's how we're playing it.
Douglas Mitchelson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Understood. Thanks.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: The only piece I'd add to that is the non-programming OpEx and the CapEx for video is actually declining, and that particular piece is going to improve the economics over time. Whether it fully offsets the programming is unclear, but it's not inconsequential. On mobile, so you're right, we're not going to provide guidance. We're not going to provide breakeven, and we hope that people will trust that when we say that it has a significant positive NPV on a standalone basis, without including the benefits to cable. And that's based on a significant amount of modeling and understanding of how those businesses works. Comcast does not have separate economics. I actually haven't heard it, but I understand that they've spoken about what it would take for them to get to breakeven. I haven't looked at it, but given that our financial model isn't any different, because we operate under the same MVNO, my guess is it's not so dissimilar. And that's a relatively low level of penetration of the overall subscriber base that we have. If you think about every customer service interaction that we have, whether it's a sales call or a retention call, and including into that existing call volume and flow, a mobile sale opportunity, it doesn't take you very much yield before you have the substantial wireless business that's applied to your existing base and use it as a way to drive additional cable growth. So I think on the increment, every single mobile customer that we acquire is NPV positive once you're in the business. And that's on a standalone basis without including the benefits of churn reduction or new subscriber acquisition on the cable side.
Douglas Mitchelson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Sure.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Doug. Michelle, we'll take our last question please.
Operator: Our final question will come from Amy Yong from Macquarie. Your line is open.
Amy Yong - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thanks. I was wondering if you could comment on pricing in general. I know that ARPU is not a focus and volume is more important for the company. But video revenue grew really nicely in the quarter, just wondering what the puts and takes are going forward now that this non-pay churn issue is over? Thanks.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: You want to take that, Chris?
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yeah. Amy, if you go back and I know it was quick, but in the prepared remarks that we have  our GAAP accounting is applying a higher amount of revenue allocation out of voice into video, that doesn't mean that's what we've billed. So the video growth rate that we've reported in Q2 is inflated relative to what's on the customer bill. It's still positive. So it's about half the growth that's attached to just that revenue allocation out of voice, and the same amount is not happening into Internet from voice, which means product ARPU, product revenue is just getting less and less relevant by the quarter in terms of how it's helpful to investors and which is why we focus people on the residential revenue per customer relationship. The piece that remains on video growth, even though we've lost video customers on a year-over-year basis, it's all come out of the limited basic or actual (56:16) expanded, which is the traditional expanded and the Stream and Choice, has actually grown year-over-year, which has higher revenue attached to it. We've also gone all-digital, which means there's higher box placement, Spectrum pricing and packaging also with higher box placement. And retrans, we've just mirrored that cost flowing through the retrans revenue line as well. So those are the big drivers on the non-revenue allocation piece for video. But I would really caution on looking too much at the product revenue line and really focus on the number of customer relationships we have, the type of bundling that we're getting and the type of revenue per customer relationship growth that's being achieved within that context.
Amy Yong - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Amy. Michelle, thank you. That will terminate our call.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thank you everyone for joining.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yes, thank you. Talk to you soon.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. This will conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Stefan Anninger - IR Thomas Rutledge - Chairman & CEO Christopher Winfrey - CFO
Analysts: Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research Vijay Jayant - Evercore Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Jason Bazinet - Citi John Hodulik - UBS Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Capital Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning. My name is Mitchell, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q1 2018 Investor Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Stefan Anninger. Please go ahead.
Stefan Anninger: Good morning and welcome to Charter's first quarter 2018 investor call. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com, under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K and 10-Q. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call. However, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect management's current view only, and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements or to make additional forward-looking statements in the future. During the course of today's call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures as defined by Charter may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. Please also note that all growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise specified. Additionally, all customer and passenger data that you see in today's materials continue to be based on Legacy Company definitions. Joining me on today's call are Tom Rutledge, Chairman and CEO; and Chris Winfrey our CFO. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas Rutledge: Thanks, Stefan. In the first quarter, our primary objective was to continue to integrate our operations and prepare to launch mobile. Our all digital initiative is moving forward is on schedule for completion by this year-end. At the end of the first quarter approximately 20% Legacy Time Warner Cable and 60% Bright House Networks continue to carry full analog video line ups. With TWC though improving from approximately 40% at the end of the year 2016. The whole company will be fully digitized by end of this year, as we deploy fully functioning two way digital set top boxes, mostly our Worldbox and all remaining analog TV outlets that we serve. But while all digital is on track, it is disruptive both to our operations and to our customers. It creates large volume of short-term activity, which is inconsistent with our long-term operating strategy, reducing transactional volume. The all-digital project though is clearly in the long-term interest of our business, it allows us to free up bandwidth and to realize the full potential and capacity of our network as well as further improve video product itself. In the fourth quarter we prepare the expansion of gigabit speed offering to several new markets and launch those markets just a few days ago. We now offer gigabit service to approximately 23 million passings, approximately 45% of our total footprint and expect to have gigabit service available to virtually all of our footprints by year-end. Also this month, we raised the minimum spectrum internet speed to 200 megabits in a number of additional markets at no additional costs to customers. We are raising our internet speed faster than originally planned in order to maintain a superior competitive position. We have compressed our capital spend to raise speeds and to launch 3.1 across our footprint and our strategy is working. In the markets where we launched 100 megabits as our minimum speed, December sales are up turns down net additions have improved year-over-year. Consistent with our experience with previous speed increases. Today over 50% of our internet customers subscribed to peers that provide 100 megabits or more throughput, you dont offer anything less to new internet customers and its now at 200 megabit of minimum offering, nearly a quarter of our footprint. Rollout of Spectrum pricing and packaging remains on track, as of the end of the first quarter 55% of Time Warner Cable and Bright House customers were in our new Spectrum pricing and packaging, which reflects the pace of integration and migration expected. Overtime, we expect Spectrum branded products to drive continued higher sales and longer customer lots. In the first quarter we continue to see year-over-year improvement in sales in connect volumes. Although, higher year-over-year churn offset the higher sales volumes, higher churn has been a result of some customer service system changes we have been making as part of our large and complex integration. While we are executing a billing migration, last year we collapsed 13 service environments based on our billings system into four using our software isolation layer. In 2018 those four service environments were move to two. That integration execution, which will result in quality uniform services and efficiencies impacted both our customer qualification and collection process. Both resulting in higher non-pay disconnects and bad debt, we corrected those processes however and both non-pays and bad debt should be back to planned levels by the end of the second quarter. Despite that self-inflected disruption weve grown total internet customers by 1.2 million or over 5% in the last year. And in the quarter we grew revenue by 4.9% year-over-year and adjusted EBITDA by 6.8% excluding mobile startup costs. Turning to mobile. We remain on track to launch our new services in middle of this year under our MVNO agreement with Verizon, we recently launched a field trial, which includes 5,000 employees who are going through an end-to-end sales activation of service process in May. And we are building our sales channels and service capabilities including modifying several hundred of our 700 retail stores and setting up the call center environment. Ultimately the goal is to use our mobile service to attract and retain cable bundle multi-product customers. In the partnership we signed with Comcast last week will accelerate our ability to scale our MVNV service offerings, by stepping into a proven MVNO back office platform. And improve the economics of our emerging mobile business. While our entry into mobile is new, were already a wireless operator today with over 250 million authenticated wireless devices connected to our deployed small cell network.  Our infrastructure design provide us with the unique opportunity to build the businesses based on how consumers use the service, what Id call an inside out wireless strategy. In addition to the continued advancements in Wi-Fi throughput and latency, were testing in various bands including 28 gigahertz and 3.5 gigahertz, which are going well and support our thesis with small cell using unlicensed and licensed spectrum including mid band spectrum like 3.5 gigahertz.  Working together with our loyal employees and power of terrestrial network and combined with DOCSIS products like Full Duplex and Coherent Optics will allow us to offer high capacity, low latency connectivity products both inside and outside of the home fixed wireless and mobile and with and without our superior video applications. Ultimately our strength as a connectivity provider comes from our powerful easy to upgrade network. Its unique design allows for the most costs effective deployment of new technologies, which should drive massive increases in the amount of data we drive through that network. And overtime we will open opportunities to new products. Now Ill turn the call over to Chris. 
Christopher Winfrey: Thanks, Tom. Before covering our results, a few administrative items; first, we have reclassed all inbound sales and retention expense from costs of service customers, marketing expense for current and prior periods, we already provided a pro forma change schedule in our fourth quarter materials. Also reminded that when discussing first quarter customer results, Ill be comparing these results to the first quarter 2017 results that has been adjusted to exclude seasonal program customer activity in the first quarter of 2017 at Legacy Bright House. That comparison is on slide six of todays investor presentation. This is the last time we need to compare year-over-year quarters with these adjustments since we are now beyond the one year mark from the seasonal program change. The customer statistics that you see in todays materials continue to be based on legacy company definitions and in the second quarter of this year we will recap customer sets and our trending schedules using consistent definitions across all three legacy entities. The largest differences will be in TWC and Bright House classification of customer types, particularly universities, moving between residential today whether reported on a doors basis, commercial accounts where we report on physical sites. TWC and Bright House also reported SMB and enterprise based on billing relationships and these will convert to a physical sites methodology. When we report our second quarter results, well report on the uniform definitions for Q2, in prior periods with the reconciliation scheduling. In the third quarter this year, I expect well only report consolidated operating statistics and revenue results. At closing, we said, we will report at least five quarters of legacy entity top-line results following the close of our transactions. The second quarter of this year, will be the ninth time weve reported legacy entity results. Finally, starting on January 1st, of this year, we prospectively adopted as these new revenue net recognition standard there are a number of relatively small adjustments in the quarter related to the adoption of the standard both in revenue and expenses, but in total had no material impact to revenue or adjusted EBITDA growth this quarter. Now, turning to our results and total customer relationships grew by 261,000 in the first quarter, and grew 890,000 over the last 12-months, with 3.1% growth at TWC, 3.4% at Legacy Charter and 4.6% at Bright House. Including residential and SMB video declines by 112,000 in the quarter, internet grew by 362,000 and voice declined by 25,000. 55% in residential TWC and Bright House customers were in Spectrum pricing and packaging at the end of the first quarter. Customer connects were higher year-over-year, including our new markets, disconnects were also up year-over-year reflecting the non-linear progression of net adds I have often spoke about. TWC was the largest driver of higher year-over-year disconnects. Key drivers for higher non-pay disconnects from integration related system changes that Tom mentioned, where weve since conformed the customer qualification and collection process to our standard policy. And non-pay disconnect and the associated bad debt should be back to normal rates by the end of Q2, practically means the beginning of Q3. We also continued roll-off churn from legacy packages, these factors had a declining impact on our results as the quarter progressed and should continue to have less of a monthly impact as we progress through Q2. Slide six shows, we grew residential PSUs by 157,000 versus 338,000 last year. Over the last year, TWC residential video customers declined by 2.3%, pre-deal charter declined by 1.5% and Legacy Bright House video was 0.3% lower year-over-year. In the quarter, TWC residential video customers declined by about 90,000, with higher additions offset by higher non-pay disconnects. Legacy Charter lost 32,000 residential video customers in the quarter versus a loss of 13,000 a year ago. Additional competitive build-out less year-over-year benefits from a struggling competitor kept sales relatively flat at legacy charter. Bright House video customers were flat during the quarter versus a gain of 13,000 last year. In residential internet, we added a total of 331,000 customers versus 416,000 last year, with high long pay disconnects for the reasons I mentioned responsible for all of the year-over-year decline in internet net adds at legacy TWC. Total company internet sales were higher year-over-year and in the 17% of our footprint where we offer 200 megabits per second as our minimum speed as at the beginning of Q1, there was year-over-year improvement in both sales and net additions. As Tom mentioned, we now offer 200 megabits per second is our minimum speed in nearly 25% of our footprint, and we offer gigabit service in approximately 45% of our footprint and expect to have gigabit service available nearly everywhere by the end of 2018. Over the last 12 months, we grew our total residential internet customer base by 1.1 million customers or 4.9% with 4.8% growth at TWC, 4.9% growth at legacy charter, and 5.9% at Bright House. In voice, we lost 52,000 residential customers versus a gain of 30,000 last year, driven by fewer additions and higher churn of legacy packages and non-pay churn at TWC. As weve said before, our progress towards better customer growth will not be linear we do have -- we continue to expect higher sales and better retention over time as a higher portion of our base is now on spectrum, we upgrade our video and internet capabilities, our service delivery platform improves and as we work through our integrations.  Over the last year we grew total residential customers by 739,000 or 2.9%. Residential revenue per customer relationship grew by 1.6% year-over-year given the lower rate of SPP migration, promotional campaign roll off and some minor rate adjustments, partly offset by higher levels of internet only customers and better sales with selling at promotional rates. Slide seven shows our customer growth combined with our ARPU growth resulted in year-over-year residential revenue growth of 4.8%. Total commercial revenue SMB and enterprise combined grew by 5.3%, with SMB up 4.1% and enterprise up by 7.3%. Excluding cell backhaul and NaviSite, Enterprise grew by close to 11%. Sales are up in both SMB and Enterprise with SMB PSU net adds at TWC and Bright House up over 10% in the first quarter versus last year. Our revenue growth in the TWC and Bright House markets hasnt yet followed the unit growth and it wont until we get the transition to more competitive pricing of both our SMB and Enterprise products. We expect that ARPU offset will continue through 2018, but the revenue growth will ultimately follow the unit growth. First quarter advertising revenue grew by 5.6% year-over-year, driven mostly by higher political. In total, first quarter revenue for the company was up 4.9% year-over-year and 4.8% when excluding advertising. Looking at total revenue growth excluding advertising at each of our legacy companies, TWC revenue grew by 4.6%, pre-deal Charter grew by 5.2%, and Bright House revenue grew by 5.0%.  Moving to operating expenses on slide eight, in the first quarter, total operating expenses grew by $254 million or 3.9% year-over-year. Programming increased 5.7% year-over-year, driven by contractual rate increases and renewals, and a higher expanded customer base and mix, partly offset by [technical difficulty] benefit. Excluding the one-time benefit this year programming would have grown by 6.5% year-over-year or approximately 8% per video customer. Regulatory connectivity and produced content grew by 7%, primarily driven by our adoption of the new revenue recognition standard on January 1st, which also re-classed approximately $15 million of costs through this expense line in the quarter. Cost to service customers grew by 3% year-over-year, driven by the higher bad debt expense for the reasons I described. Excluding the temporary impact of higher bad debt expense we are lowering our cost to service through changes in business practices and seeing early productivity benefits from the sourcing, all while growing our customer base and investing inward in-sourcing and training. Marketing expenses declined by 1.8% year-over-year as the prior year period included certain transition costs and with or without that affects our marketing and sales expenses are more efficient on higher sales. And all other expenses were up 2.7% year-over-year, driven by higher ad sales costs, enterprise and product development costs offset by lower overhead cost. Excluding mobile adjusted EBITDA grew by 6.8% in the first quarter, the impact of the new revenue recognition standard and a few one-time and out of period items including the programming item I mentioned essentially offset each other. When including $8 million of clearly defined mobile startup expenses our adjusted EBITDA grew by 6.5%. Turning to net income on slide nine, we generated $168 million of net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the first quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was higher, severance related expenses were lower, we did not have any losses related to the extinguishment of debt as we did last year and we had a gain on financial instruments from currency movements on our British pound debt and the related hedging. Those positive drivers were partly offset by higher depreciation and amortization and higher interest expense. Turning to Slide 10, capital expenditures totaled $2.2 billion in the first quarter, primarily driven by higher spending on CPEs, scalable infrastructure and support capital. The CPE spend was driven by higher connect volumes, continued migration of legacy customers over to spectrum who were frequently provide with new equipment, we also incurred $186 million of all-digital spend which was primarily into the CPE category. The increase in scalable infrastructure was related to the timing of video spend and planned product improvements for video and internet including the spending related to DOCSIS 3.1 launches. We also spend more in the support category on vehicles, tools and test equipment, software development and facility spending in each case some in-sourcing, some related to integration. Given the pace of all-digital DOCSIS 3.1 deployment and our overall state of integration and planning, the ability to spend capital more consistently as compared to last year is in fact a consign. For the full year we continue to expect a cable capital intensity for cable capital expenditures as a percentage of cable revenue to be a bit lower than 2017. Slide 11 shows, we generated $49 million of negative free-cash flow in the first quarter versus $1.1 million of free cash flow in the first quarter of last year. The decline was largely driven by higher CapEx and working capital timing this quarter, where I provided a fair color on the overall working capital timing last quarter. The Q1 working capital headroom was primarily driven by the timing of our late fourth quarter CapEx spend, which drove early Q1 cash payments without offsetting intra-quarter CapEx timing. We finished the quarter with $70 billion in debt principal for run rate annualized cash interest expense at March 31st which is approximately $3.8 billion where as our P&L interest expense in the quarter suggest a $3.4 billion annual run rate, that difference is due to purchase accounting. As at the end of the first quarter, our net debt to last 12 month adjusted EBITDA was 4.46 times, within our target leverage range of 4 to 4.5 times. Earlier this month, we issued $2.5 billion worth of 20 and 30 year investment grade notes, which will primarily be used to fund an upcoming maturity. During the first quarter, we repurchased 2 million shares in Charter Holdings common units $683 million and the fact that we started the year at the high end of our target leverage range as opposed to increasing our leverage in 2017. Mathematically means, our 2018 buybacks will be less than 2017, same as I mentioned on last call. We may also reduce our cable leverage somewhat over the course of the year to ensuring that consolidated EBITDA remains at or under 4.5 times. Beyond the starting point leverage, other factors also play a role in the amount of 2018 versus 2017 buybacks, including the early pace of our mobile product launch, working capital effects and consumer devices. And I dont expect that we can achieve the same level of working capital improvement for cable in 2018. Within those constraints, however we remain opportunistic to preserve flexible create shareholder value. Turning to taxes on slide 13, we dont currently expect to be a material cash income payer until 2021 at the earliest. Given the tax reform passed by Congress and signed into legislation last year, we estimate that the total present value for tax assets reflecting a later annual utilization against the lower rate has declined from just over $5 billion to about $3.5 billion. That decline is offset by the much larger value associated with net present value of tax reform, strides higher free cash flow and productivity. Before moving to Q&A, I wanted to reiterate the financial framework for the launch of Spectrum mobile service later this year. We believe that our entry into mobility can further accelerate customer growth and drive for penetration. The more customer growth we generate, the more incremental revenue well generation mobile and through cable. Much of that revenue in the beginning will be device contract revenue, which is fully recognized on the contract date and similarly as costs of goods sold under EIP accounting, with the actual customer payments received over a longer period. As within e-subscription business there are upfront launch costs and the acquisition activity, which creates OpEx and CapEx, which exceed the gross margin benefits in the short-term. The more mobile customer growth we generate early on, the more EBITDA and initial cash flow drag we will experience in the early days. And over time, we expect our mobile service to generate positive EBITDA and cash flow on a standalone basis, with broader growth benefits to our core cable services. Our mobile business will eventually be fully integrated as just another cable product in the bundle from a marketing care, billing and service perspective, so no different than internet or voice today and it will not be a separate P&L or segment as such. To the launch phase we will be able to create transparency around cable performance by disclosing mobile revenue, mobile operating costs and therefore mobile effects on adjusted EBITDA. We should also be able to isolate the launchs working capital impact from the timing of cash flow from device costs and related to subscriber payments. We will provide additional details on the mobile business we move through the year and as the business scales. Operator, we are now ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks, good morning. Chris, I have two questions for you, one around the customer trends and one around ARPU. So on the customer side you talked about elevated churn or I guess churn up year-on-year, due to disruption on all-digital, but also and maybe there related higher non-pay. So taking those two drivers and you look out into the rest of the year, do you expect net adds to be up year-on-year in the back half as presumably both of those headwinds particularly the non-pay piece fade obviously people are focused on subscriber trends. So any color there would be helpful? And then on ARPU, could you just help us as we think about the rest of the year whether you expect ARPU growth to be higher or lower than what we saw in Q1 directionally based on at least the timing of the rate adjustments you have implemented?
Christopher Winfrey: Sure, on customer trends look if weve talked -- the big driver was the non-pay disconnect had it not been for that customer net adds particularly in TWC for video and internet would have been better on a year-over-year basis. And so its entirely driven by that actually. Sales are up across the company and across TWC in particular, which is obviously the largest driver. And so non-pay disconnect was the biggest factor. The second piece that I would highlight is that where weve increased to DOCSIS 3.1 not only were sales up year-over-year, but net adds were up significantly year-over-year in those markets. And the issues that Tom highlighted had been addressed for non-pay takes a little while to get up to systems by the end of Q2 OR early Q3. The disconnect side is expected to improve and it is improving throughout the first quarter and wed expect the same to continue through Q2. So I guess we expect the net adds to improve, sales are looking very well. And so our expectation has been and remains that customer net adds will continue to improve. On ARPU, the residential customer ARPU, which is I think is what youre referring to is the long relevant net tracker still a large amount of revenue reallocation from bundled pricing that goes on through Spectrum pricing and packaging. So I think the product ARPUs are somewhat irrelevant, but the customer relationship ARPU is. The factors that I went through in the prepared remarks are we had a lower rate as you get more mature into the Spectrum pricing and packaging migration process you have a lower rate of SPP migration, which ruin some of the negative ARPU factor that we had over the past few quarters meaning its just a lesser impact and you have more services, better sales. And so all of thats flowing through and then we did have some minor rate adjustments, which will carry through for the rest of the year.  So without sitting back and giving guidance specifically by quarter, I think the ARPU headwinds that we had through the initial SPP migration should be less going forward. The one big factor I mentioned is that single-play internet selling is the other one the non-single play internet selling clearly has an impact to the overall customer relationship ARPU. And if we can get more in-depth for customers around willing to take video we will, and so I put that one caveat into the ARPU. 
Ben Swinburne: Okay thats good color. Thank you. 
Stefan Anninger : Mitchell well take our next question please. 
Operator: Okay. Your next question comes from Jonathan Chaplin from New Street Research. Your line is open. 
Jonathan Chaplin: Thanks. Chris hoping to get a little bit more color on the trajectory of wireless losses that you are expecting post the JV that you guys have announced with Comcast. So we have been expecting similar losses to Comcast delayed by ER. And I am wondering if thats sort of a reasonable place to set our expectations? And then how would the JV and the sharing of costs change that?
Christopher Winfrey: Sure, and look its a brand new business and we have our budget, we know what we plan to do, I think using Comcast as a proxy is as good as any at this point. But the biggest driver there is about subscriber acquisition there is a lot of upfront subscriber acquisition costs. These are NPV positive customer acquisitions once you get to a study your state growth business has not only a positive EBITDA, but a positive free cash flow contribution on a standalone basis. So the faster we grow the more short-term pressure we put on to EBITDA and free cash flow. Now having said that and Comcast has been extremely helpful to Charter as we go through establishing back office systems and that JV should continue to help us do that. So is there an opportunity that the go-forward platform cost for companies are reduced by sharing in those expenses and thats the whole idea of getting into the JV. So I think on a relative basis because its how were cooperating now could we do marginally better, maybe, but I would say that both companies should benefit from the JV that we signed together.
Thomas Rutledge: Yes, this is Tom, Jonathan so I agree with Chris that both companies should benefit by the joint venture from an operating costs perspective and therefore the business is more valuable as a result of that. How we -- we will not have the same marketing strategies and so we will diverge in terms of performance most likely. And so really the impact is driven by the speed at which we roll the business out. And how successful we are in the market.
Jonathan Chaplin: Great, thank you.
Thomas Rutledge: Thanks, Jonathan.
Stefan Anninger : Michelle, well take our next question please.
Operator: Okay. Your next question comes from Craig Moffett from MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi there, this is actually Kathy Owen [ph] for Craig Moffet. My question is just looking at the stock reaction today it seems specific that investor are calling into question the Charter story, can you provide your own perspective on whether you think the long-term story has changed, do you think video subscribership can still grow? Have your expectations about broadband growth changed? And then most importantly of all can you talk about the free cash flow generation capability of the business? Has there changed longer term and does wireless change that? Thank you.
Thomas Rutledge: Well, Kathy no, simply our vision of the business is what we expected several years ago and continue to expect going forward. We think that there is superior infrastructure that allows us to standout having now more competitive products than alternative networks. And weve been successfully selling and market our product, but at the same time going through a very complex integration of three very large companies to get to a single simple platform. That integration is actually going quite well and pretty much as planned. It has lumpy aspects to it as we combine the companies in various ways, but generally we are going exactly as we planned and creating the kind of future value that we expect to create. And since we told our initial story obviously weve done the acquisitions and weve done an entry into mobility, which we think is a natural fit to our existing infrastructure and service infrastructure. And will create additional value for the shareholders that wouldnt be created without doing it. So we think the Charter story is fully intact and getting better as a result of the mobility.  In terms of the capital intensity and free cash flow creation, I think there are -- obviously were in a capital intensive trend at the moment as we integrate and as we make our networks all-digital so that we can take advantage of all capabilities of network, which was planned and -- but the long run trend is less capital intensity. And significantly less capital intensity as our need to buy CPD goes away and as CPD cost come down and there are some forces there that are even greater than we had thought, I mean, obviously the change in video, the change in the video marketplace essentially requires less capital intensity in video. Because with the competitors that we faced and with our own process and IT you dont necessarily need new set top boxes, you can move to an application based delivery system in some situations. So within that along with declining prices for CPD mean capital intensity improves maybe marginally better than we might have thought previously. The changes in the video business they are significant and hard to predict, but we still think theres video growth capable inside of our asset base, its fairly marginally insignificant though and since in this sense there is very little margin in the video business. So whether you are right to optimize a 1 million customers is relatively immaterial to our plan. And while we think that we will make a great video product available to our customers and that that great video product will continue to help us drive the overall connectivity business we have. If we are passed in our forecast of that its not significantly financially material to our growth prospects. So I cant explain the market reactions, but our activity and our project management is going as we expected and the kind of marketplace acceptance of our products is going as we expected.
Unidentified Speaker: Okay, got it. So
Christopher Winfrey: Cathy maybe I would just add few quick thoughts to that one is if you think around the timing of good quarter, off quarter as it relates to net adds for somebodys model. Lot of people are looking for a linear outcome and weve tried to do as best as we can and its not going be linear and if you take a look back at the Legacy Charter experience, if you look at on an annual basis, it looks pretty linear. But if you go back and take a look at 2013 and 2014 in particular it really was anything but linear. That applies to net adds and it applies to the financial results. And it looks choppy, as we were going through so in some respects market reaction, which I havent focused on that much as of yet this morning, its a little bit of deja vu. And we are turning a lot of miles same as we did with Legacy Charter and the integration, there is a lot of moving parts, but the trajectory we think remains as good as ever. The second one is on the impact of wireless where the conversations weve had with some investors, is somewhere bifurcated, on one hand there is a group of investors who get it and say go as fast as you can from a competitive standpoint, its the right thing to do, it does have the positive NPV and its an attractive business. And then there is another group who are very, very focused on the short-term impact to EBITDA and free cash flow and what that might to do to an overall growth rate. So one, we are going to isolate that impact so people can focus on the core value creation of the cable platform and the optioned value, if you want to call it that on the mobility business. But that investment relative to the overall size of Charters revenue or EBITDA relatively small and the potential upside impact to that investment is significant. And I think thats the piece that is missing in terms of understanding and putting that upfront investment into perspective. So we are going to isolate it along the way so people if they see it as a bet they can size up, size that bet and understand the relative materiality. But we think its attractive, I think its going to help us not only add EBITDA and free cash flow over time, but we think its very constructive and helpful towards further internet growth in particular in the cable business.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you. So from a free cash flow perspective your longer term the interest hasnt changed even if the mix shift to get there may have moved around a little bit with the video environment getting worst?
Christopher Winfrey: No, I mean, the biggest free cash flow generation that you are going see from 2019 CapEx when it comes down and that hasnt changed. This year, we are doing all-digital, we are doing the DOCSIS 3.1, we still have a tremendous amount of integration capital thats inside these numbers and that essentially comes out next year. And in the meantime despite some lumpiness on subscriber net adds from one quarter to the next, the financial results we mentioned Q4 would be the low point on EBITDA during the whole identification the business is moving, it does mean that its going be linear, so never treat it that way. But we did have the low point already on the financials and the business is moving in the right direction.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Stefan Anninger : Thanks, Cathy. Mitchell we will take our next question please.
Operator: Okay. The next question comes from Vijay Jayant from Evercore. Your line is open.
Vijay Jayant: Thanks. Just following up on the prior question. When you were going to this transition on legacy Charter and there was disruption on cash flow and obviously with all the inflection in cash flow on the Time Warner Cable transaction. But you also had pretty robust subscriber growth and you were getting the share. Obviously I think now the question is, if the market environment changed enough that would you have to revisit your strategy, given I think you have a lot of levers to pull on pricing and tearing and the like. So I was just trying to see given the market environment we might get to the same free cash flow numbers at the end, and really sort of if you could talk about is there some tweaking on strategy that needs to be done to do that given the market environment? Thanks.
Thomas Rutledge: Vijay, its Tom. Obviously the markets move through time, our strategy moves with it and we think that that we have needed to change our product and our mix in order to take advantage of our assets and beat the marketplace effectively. And we think that we can do that and are doing that and our sales volume and our connect volume and our management of our customer base, pricing and packaging give us confidence that we can continue to do that. Take data speeds for instance with Legacy Charter, like Charter and our average data speed was 10 megabits and we took the minimum up overtime to 30 and created most of our subscriber growth at 30. Today in this new model where weve just gone to 200 meg minimum speed in the significant part of our market 100 megabit speed. And even bigger part of our market, but thats shifting as we rolled out this 3.1 technology. So weve taken the advantage of the marketplace and the capacity of our network to change our data product so that it will continue to drive the kind of results we expected to get. But we are in the middle of the tooling of that process right now as we integrate the company. We have a vastly superior product almost everywhere we operate. And we expect to get results from that.  And if we need to change that two years from now we have the ability to do it at very little or very small incremental costs, which is the beauty of the infrastructure that we built out in this company. So, I guess the answer to your question is we have the same high expectations for free cash flow growth in this entity now based in the current marketplace as we understand it now just like we did five or six years ago.
Vijay Jayant: Great, thanks so much. 
Stefan Anninger : Thanks, Vijay. Michelle well take our next question, please. 
Operator: The next question comes from Marci Ryvicker from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks. I have two, I think just staying on subscriber trends and the stock price, I feel like it sounds like maybe 2019 is when we finally get to stabilization in sub-trends and maybe thats when the market will start to give you a little bit more credit maybe as we get closer. So is that a fair statement or thought? And then secondly unrelated, as we dig into 5G, I think its becoming more apparent that cellular backhaul is increasingly important. And I guess how do you think this plays out overtime and how can you better monetize this especially with a larger platform?
Christopher Winfrey: So Marci, I dont know when markets award you or dont award you. Ultimately our job is to create the free cash flow that we expect from these assets and we think we are on track do that. Were on track with the plans that we made. So whether well get rewarded before that occurs or after it occurs I dont know, but we expect to create the free cash flow. And in terms of the infrastructure that we had, we do think that we are the natural small cell provider and that we have the most efficient ability to provide small cell connectivity compared to any other small cell competitor we have. And we have 26 million small cell who are already connected to our network and we have 250 million wireless devices already connected to those small cell and we plan to continue to build out the small cell environment. How that relates to other business opportunities its hard to say, but we have them.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you. 
Stefan Anninger : Michelle, we will take our next question, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Bazinet from Citi. Your line is open.
Jason Bazinet : Thanks. This is for Mr. Rutledge, I guess, I know the strategy is to get more people attached to your fixed cost network, but I had a question when I was going through the case if your competitors and yours and just doing benchmarking. Whether I look at the customer relationships per employee or revenue per employee, Charter doesnt fair that favorably you are sort of 10%, 20%, 30% below all your publicly listed peers. And so my question is, if the unit growth sort of evaporates from the ecosystem or if you are unsuccessful sort of getting the attached rate up, do you think there is a potential cost element? Said another way is there something materially structural about your footprint or your systems that would make you less productive if you will vis--vis your peer cable companies? Thank you.
Thomas Rutledge: Yes, thats very interesting question. The short answer is, no. In fact we think we will be more productive. But we are in the middle of a transition where we are moving from an outsource environment to an in-source environment. And we create a more professional workforce that is designed to provide higher quality service, which will improve subscriber lines and reduce transaction volume ultimately in our business. So it will have less transactions per customer. If we have less transactions per customer, we believe and with which we are trending forward everyday as our operations improve and as the skillets that we are need are developed inside the company. So if you think about what I just said in-sourcing and outsourcing at the moment, we decided to move costs from the Philippines to St. Louis for instance. We have to stand up a brand new call center in St. Louis, we have to build it out physically so there is capital involved, and then we have the higher workforce and train workforce to take the costs.  In the meantime we are still outsourcing to the Philippines so that workforce is up and running and skilled. Once the workforce is skilled though then the number of transactions that occur as a result of having a higher skilled force goes down. And we think that the transaction volume goes down faster than the costs structure goes up by having it in-sourced call center. And that when you have less transactions per customer you actually have happier customers. And so there not only are they less costly to serve they are happier and if they are -- and because they are happier their average life extends, which means that the average value per sale that you create goes up. And the number of transactions connect and disconnect per dollar of revenue that you spend goes down. So were still in the middle of a transition process that has operating expense in it thats part of the strategy. But our expectation down the road, which is part of the free cash flow drive of the business is that you get this virtuous growth structure where you get better served customers who have -- who cost you less and are happier. And that benefit yet to be realized from our activity today, but it is part of our plan and our expectation. And the numbers that we expect to generate today that will prove out that thesis are occurring as we expected.
Christopher Winfrey: Just add to the way you can tie it to the P&L the metric, I think, the metric you are using is actually not right because its apples and oranges. So if you think about the Time Warner Cable call enter infrastructure at one point, you could have had 50% over 50% was outsourced. Today over 85% of that is in-source. If you are taking a look at employees you are completely ignoring the amount of contract labor thats inside there. And so its an apples and oranges comparison between the two there like the operating models. If you look at cost to service customers they are -- we have all of the investment that Tom just spoke about, but despite having all of that investment and despite having customer relationship growth of over 3%, our cost to service customers gross is actually coming down, excluding this bad debt temporary effect. So our cost to service customers, which is where the vast majority where the labor cost exist is already coming down on a gross basis and on a net basis leading on a per customer basis is actually already coming down dramatically despite the amount of upfront investments that we are making that Tom highlighted. So I think you have to normalize for whats -- you cant just look at house labor you have to add in the contract labor, which has come down dramatically and for some companies comprises a very, very significant portion of the overall labor costs.
Jason Bazinet : Understood, thank you. 
Christopher Winfrey: Thanks, Jason. 
Stefan Anninger : Michelle, next question please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Hodulik from UBS. Your line is open.
John Hodulik: Great, couple of questions. I guess first for Chris, from your comments on the non-pay disconnected it sounds like youre already starting to see some acceleration in PSU trends. If you just confirm that or whether we have to sort of wait another quarter before we see that inflection as that issue sort of lapses? And then two maybe for Tom, it sounds like you guys are seeing some improving underlying fundamentals in the HSD side, when you go to 200 megabits in a market. And I think you said you are 25% now, and I may have missed it, but when do you get to 100%? And maybe if you could give us some more detail on what you see when you get to 200 megabits as a base and whether or not you feel you have additional pricing power in those markets given the competitive landscape there? Thanks.
Christopher Winfrey: So on the improvement, yes we had less of a negative impact from the non-pay disconnect issue, which is since then address throughout the quarter. The last of the systemic changes we needed to make for that take to place occurred inside of April. And so we expect it to continue to ameliorate during the course of Q2. And it should be fully out by the beginning of Q3. So the trends are improving in that particular area and I dont want to get run into guidance, but we wouldnt have said what we said if we didnt fell that particular issue was declining in its materiality. 
John Hodulik: Great. 
Thomas Rutledge: So John, I think we said that there weve got a 200 megabits in front of 25% of our customer base. We have built out at this moment 43% of our footprint to 1 gig speed capability using 3.1 DOCSIS capability. And by the end of the year well have 100% of our infrastructure capable of 1 gig or 200 megabits or 400 megabits. While we havent said where well rollout 200 megabits, but its in a substantial amount of markets today and were getting good results from it. We are also getting good results from our higher ultra-tier, which is 100 megabits, and its selling in at a substantially higher rate than our previous set. So well I dont want to give you a forecast of where we got from a infrastructure perspective the entire network will be capable of this product mix this year.
John Hodulik: Okay, thanks. 
Stefan Anninger : Thanks, John. Michelle, next question please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kannan Venkateshwar, Barclays Capital. Your line is open. 
Kannan Venkateshwar: Thank you. I have a couple, Tom firstly, when you look at all the changes in the ecosystem right now, your peers are responding differently, slightly differently compared to where when you think about the price increases other cable companies have been a lot more aggressive. And strategically theres been a lot more pivot with AT&T Bank, Time Warner and Comcast Bank Sky. So when you think about the ecosystem as it is setup today, do you think you need to do something different compared to what you are doing right now longer term? And then, Chris from your perspective when you look at normalized CapEx in the proxy, I think in the proxy it was about 12% of revenues in 2019. And like you mentioned earlier on the call you expect CapEx to drop next year, but right now its at 19%. So when we go into 2019 without getting into specific numbers could you give us some sense of scale in terms of what CapEx could be like? Thanks.
Thomas Rutledge: So, this is Tom, as far as the ecosystem goes, I think were strategically complete in a sense that we think that we can execute our business plan with the assets that we have. So I dont think we need to own content to do better that doesnt mean there arent opportunities that might arise that are pricing property that would be synergistic with us. But I think we are fairly confident that we can execute our strategy, which from our perspective we are a connectivity company selling connectivity relationship. Video is not material from a margin or EBITDA driver perspective, but it is at a standalone product, but it is material in terms of product attribute to the overall relationship that we create with customers. And so, with a lot of access to video we have launched Netflix on our network, we plan to integrate all the video products into UI and make us the best place to get video of every kind. But that doesnt require us to own video assets per say.
Christopher Winfrey: On the capital expenditure, there was a proxy that was over three years ago used with our Board that ended up being publicly disclosed. So I dont want to go back in time and start looking at that other than to say we expect 2019 capital expenditure to be a materially lower amounts of gross dollars of CapEx. And in a growing new business, therefore materially smaller amounts as a percentage of revenue. We will still have integration activity going on inside of 2019. And so that means that we expected as a percentage of revenue -- we expect to have continued solid revenue growth for many, many years to come, seems like your capital intensity just continues to decline. I think 2019 will be a big move and I think it continues to get better as a percentage of revenue from there. I am speaking about cable capital expenditures, as a percentage of cable revenue, I dont think wireless is that or mobility is that big given all the factors that I described before where it moves through the P&L. But I think 2019 starts to fully expose the free cash flow capabilities of the company.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Alright, thank you
Stefan Anninger : Thanks, Kannan. Mitchell, we will take our last question please.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Brett Feldman of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brett Feldman: Thanks for taking my questions. And just two really clarification for Chris, you referenced your prior commentary around first quarter being a low point for EBITDA and I just want to clarify if thats all in EBITDA or EBITDA exclusive of anything you may spend on wireless? And then just another follow-up, when you were discussing the buyback potential this year and how it will be mathematically lower, you cited stated the way you are going manage the leverage this year and it sounded like you maybe managing leverage a little lower. I dont know if I appreciate the nuance of what you are trying to communicate. So I was hoping we could just revisit that? Thank you.
Christopher Winfrey: Sure, so I am glad you asked the first question in case, I dont think I did that in case I misstated, what I said in the fourth quarter, the fourth quarter of 2017 was the low point of EBITDA. I did not say that the first quarter was the low point of EBITDA, first quarter EBITDA was actually pretty good. And yes I think it will -- it continue to improve over time and that doesnt mean that that will be linear. So that certainly wasnt what I was implying. My comment from the fourth quarter 2017, which I reiterated today was that the fourth quarter of 2017 EBITDA was below for cable EBITDA growth. In terms of managing leverage what we are trying to make sure that we do is that we stay within four and half times inclusive of the short-term launch cost for mobile and any working capital impacts from the launch of mobile. And what that means is that you need to create a little bit of headroom on your cable EBITDA leverage so that you can accommodate that upfront costs. So the faster we go with wireless means that you might just need to pull in a little bit on your cable EBITDA leverage. And thats the only distinction I am making to make sure that the consolidated leverage remains at or below 4.5 time. Were a large issuer of the debt capital markets as well we have investment grade we have made commitments to that market. And as well that intend to keep them and has to make sure that we stay in line from that perspective.
Brett Feldman: Alright, thank you. Thats was very helpful. I appreciate it. 
Christopher Winfrey: Thanks.
Stefan Anninger : Thanks, Brett. Mitchell, that concludes our call.
Thomas Rutledge: Thank you everyone.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Stefan Anninger - Investor Relations Thomas Rutledge - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Christopher Winfrey - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank John Hodulik - UBS Jason Bazinet - Citi Jessica Reef - Bank of America Phil Cusick - JPMorgan Jeff Wlodarczak - Pivotal Research Group. Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kim, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Charters Fourth Quarter 2017 Investor Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]  Thank you. Stefan Anninger, you may begin your conference, sir. 
Stefan Anninger : Good morning and welcome to Charter's fourth quarter 2017 investor call. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com, under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent proxy statement and Form 10-K. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call. However, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect management's current view only, and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements or to make additional forward-looking statements in the future. During the course of today's call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures as defined by Charter may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. We may also refer to pro forma results. While the Time Warner Cable and Bright House transactions closed on May 18, 2016, these pro forma results present information regarding the combined operations as if the transactions had closed on January 1, 2015 in order to provide a more useful discussion of our results. Unless otherwise specified, customer and financial data that we may refer to on this call for periods prior to the third quarter of 2016 are pro forma for the transactions as if they had closed at the beginning of the earliest period referenced. Pro forma reconciliations are provided in Exhibit 99.1 to our Form 10-Q filed on November 3, 2016. Please also note that all growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise specified. Additionally, all customers and passings data that you see in today's materials continue to be based on legacy company definitions. Joining me on today's call are Tom Rutledge, Chairman and CEO, and Chris Winfrey, our CFO. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas Rutledge : Thank you, Stefan. 2017 was formative year for the new Charter. We executed well and accomplished what we set out to do in plan. Our integration from three legacy companies to a unified company with one service and operating approach design schedule, our business is growing quickly and the most challenging elements of our integration are behind us. Our 2017 customer results were as planned. For the full year, we grew total customer relationships by nearly 4% despite all the significant changes we made to our business. Quality sales have increased and the worst of legacy Time Warner Cable churn is behind us.  In the fourth quarter, we continued to see year-over-year improvement in customer connect volumes in our new markets. Spectrum, our high-value product set is now the majority of our services with over 50% of former Time Warner Cable and Bright House residential customers now subscribing for the Spectrum pricing and packaging.  All of our video connects are purchasing our expanded basic product and our total expanded video relationships grew again this quarter. We now offer minimum internet speeds of 100 megabits in 99% of our entire footprint, up from just over 50% in June of last year. We grew full year revenue by 3.9% or 4.5% excluding advertising and EBITDA grew by nearly 6%. In addition to the launch of our Spectrum pricing and packaging, we also made meaningful progress in consolidating our customer-facing applications and platforms in 2017. Weve reduced and unified our various video applications, so that today, virtually all of our customers, regardless of the footprint or package use a single Spectrum TV app to access our IT-based video products. We largely integrated our VOD content offerings and we consolidated our sales and service portals. We also continue to integrate our three legacy networks backboned in facilities and to rationalize our IT systems and product and provisioning platforms. Over the last 18 months, weve hired thousands of new employees into good jobs in the communities we serve creating a more in-sourced service and delivery workforce as local hiring is driving higher quality craftsmanship, improved product delivery and better customer experience and at the same time, weve rationalized our management structure driving significant reductions to our overhead cost. In addition to in-sourcing, weve also been unifying our service personnel practices, that means having calls from anywhere handled by agents in a consistent way. Our in-market workforce standardization efforts and our simplified pricing and packaging are beginning to drive efficiencies into our operations.  In the fourth quarter for example, storm-related service call and billing-related calls from legacy Time Warner customers were down by 15% year-over-year and average call handle times have been reduced as our in-house employees provide better, more efficient services.  Still, 2018 will be another busy year of integration for Charter. We remain focused on a number of key customer-facing initiatives, which will position us for faster customer relationship creation and long-term financial growth.  We continue to drive penetration of our Spectrum pricing and packaging in our new markets, selling Spectrum branded services to new customers and migrating legacy customers to Spectrum including small business customers.  That process is underway for over a year, drives one-time investments and puts some short-term pressure on revenue in order to extend customer lives and drive higher customer revenue and returns over time. On the operations front, well continue to in-source more of our field operations and our customer care workforce in 2018.  We are streamlining our billing platforms and infrastructure by 2019, all of our customer care personnel will be working from a single virtualized platform with unified front-end for all sales, billing, provisioning, service and retention efforts nationwide allowing any one of our care personnel in any call center to handle customer calls from any location in our national footprint.  In June of last year, we restarted our all-digital project and at the end of 2017, 30% of legacy Time Warner Cable and 50% of legacy Bright House Networks continue to carry full analog video line-ups. Those regions will be fully digitized by the end of this year as we deploy fully functioning two-way digital set-top boxes on all the remaining analog TV appliances that we serve.  Our video products in those markets will improve. Internet speeds will increase further and all-digital will drive more efficient operations in the field including electronic disconnects, self-installation and a reduction of unauthorized connections. We also continue to develop our core products.  In 2016 and 2017, we delayed a number of new product launches through the integration, particularly at legacy Charter within our fundamental structured operating model and business rules now in place, we will more aggressively launch new products nationwide. Our primary hardware for video customers in all-digital will be our Worldbox, our faster, less-expensive and more powerful set-top box which we deployed approximately two million to-date. Over the course of the year, we will expand our streaming video and on-demand library to approximately 50,000 HD titles in multiple digital formats.  By the end of 2018, we expect Spectrum Guide to be available to essentially all new video customers, allowing us to fully expose the depth of that large content library. That includes legacy Charter markets that are continuous with legacy TWC or Bright House markets from what we call mixed markets like Los Angeles, where we waited to rollout Spectrum Guide to the full DMA at the same time.  Existing customers in those markets will over time have the choice to switch to Spectrum Guide from their remote. Well also begin offering popular third-party applications including Netflix and others on Spectrum Guide making our set-top box a hub for accessing content that originates from us or from somewhere else.  Those applications will first appear on our Worldbox then across legacy box types over time. As our fourth quarter video results demonstrate, we are having success with our new video products and we are testing and launching new and traditional video stream products with our equipment to better serve the consumer demand for more choices and economical options. In December, we began launching our gigabit speed offering in several markets using DOCSIS 3.1 technology. Today, we offer gigabit services in eight markets with approximately 9 million passings.  By year-end, well offer gigabit services in virtually everywhere we serve at all 50 million passings and in December, we raised the minimum Spectrum internet speeds to 200 megabits in markets like New York, Hawaii, Austin and Charlotte at no additional cost to consumers.  In the fourth quarter, we also began deploying our Wave 2 Wi-Fi router, which offers faster speeds and better propagation and reliability throughout the home. Turning to Wireless, we are on track to launch our new services in the middle of this year under our MVNO agreement with Verizon. Chris will discuss the financial implications of that launch, but the goal is to create and retain more cable customers.  Our 5G wireless tests are also going well, as are our 6G tests, which is our pre-spec definition of the integration of small cell architecture using unlicensed and licensed Spectrum working together interchangeably with our advanced DOCSIS roadmap to create high capacity, low latency product offerings.  We expect that over time, our existing infrastructure will put us in a unique position to economically deploy new powerful products that benefit from small cell connectivity. In 2017, we announced the partnership with Viacom and AMC, which will produce original content for the Spectrum video platform before subsequent windowing.  Working with our longstanding programming partners allows us to leverage their expertise in creating compelling original content, as well as the defrayed cost. We hired seasoned original content executives to help us manage these partnerships and evaluate new ones with our existing programming partners.  Our experience with our local Spectrum news networks like New York One and Bay News 9 in Tampa has demonstrated that well-branded, high-quality programming can have a meaningful differentiation and customer retention benefit.  So we have another busy year of execution ahead with some meaningful product enhancements planned and we remain confident in our plan and our growth potential.  Before turning the call over to Chris, just a few comments on tax reform and the elimination of Title II. At the end of last year, Congress and the President passed Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which we see as very positive for American competitiveness and a significant incentive for infrastructure development.  The FCC also eliminated the Title II rules implemented in 2015 in turn to the net neutrality framework that has been in place since the inception of the internet. Charter is committed to net neutrality. Weve never violated to open internet principles and we have promoted consumer-friendly practices like not imposing data caps we are usage-based billing.  There is a growing discussion of our permanent legislated solutions to net neutrality principles and online privacy protection, that kind of solution would establish a level-playing field for all companies and we promote regulatory certainty we need to make investments. Last year I said subject to the tax reform in FCC removing the Title II framework, we would hire over 20,000 American workers and invest over $25 billion here in the U.S. over a four year period. In 2017, we increased our U.S.-based workforce significantly and we increased our capital expenditures by 15% to $8.7 billion. We also increased our broadband availability to underserved communities including rural areas. Those statistics increased throughout 2017 as we grew more confidence that tax reform and FCC actions promote net neutrality for all market players would be enacted.  Late in the fourth quarter, we accelerated the 2018 deployment of our Spectrum Giga offerings. In a number of markets, we doubled our minimum internet speeds from 100 megabits to 200 megabits with no additional cost to our customers and accelerated testing of the new integrated wireline and wireless products.  Tax reform and the removal of Title II overhang incent companies to invest more and build larger U.S.-based workforces with good paying jobs. Based on those regulatory reforms we are announcing today that we are committed to paying every employee at Spectrum at least a $15 per hour income this year. Thats in addition to the significant medical and retirement benefits weve already increased for our employees. Investing in our own locally-based workforce with more training and better wages and good craftsmanship results in higher quality service and drives value into our business.  Now, I will turn the call over to Chris. 
Christopher Winfrey: Thanks, Tom. Before covering our results, a few administrative items; first, I want to remind everyone that when I reference fourth quarter 2017 customer results, I'll be comparing them to the fourth quarter 2016 results that have been adjusted to exclude the seasonal program customer activity in the fourth quarter of 2016 at legacy Bright House.  We've provided that year-over-year comparison on Slide 6 of today's investor presentation. Additionally, as we head into the second year for integration, the distinction between pure integration activities and the implementation of our operating model is blurry.  So starting in the first quarter of 2018, well no longer disclose transition expenses in our P&L or transition-related capital expenditures, although this cost will still occur for some time.  Page 6 of todays trending schedule provides a mapping of historical transition expense into our regular expense lines. So those would like to adjust models in advance in the first quarter reporting can do so now.  That trending schedule also shows a line flip well make in Q1, all in down sales and retention expense will move from cost to service customers to marketing where these call center activities are now managed. We havent reflected that change in the fourth quarter financials, but wanted to highlight the change before Q1.  Finally, our fourth quarter 2017 results were modestly impacted by the third quarter storms in Texas and Florida. There was no negative impact to subscriber results or revenue in the fourth quarter and fourth quarter storm-related operating expenses and capital expenditures were immaterial under $10 million combined.  Now, turning to our results. During the fourth quarter grew by 206,000 or 1 million customer relationships in the last year, with 3.4% growth at TWC, 3.9% at legacy Charter, and 5.4% at Bright House. Including residential and SMB, video grew by 15,000, internet by 300,000, and voice by 53,000.  49% of TWC and Bright House customers were in Spectrum pricing and packaging at the end of the year. Customer connects were up year-over-year in our new markets and as Slide 6 shows; we grew residential PSUs by 287,000 versus 213,000 last year. Over the last year, TWC residential video customers declined by 2.5%, pre-deal Charter declined by 1%, and legacy Bright House grew its video customer base by about 0.5%. Within the quarter, TWC residential video net adds were flat with continued growth in traditional expanded customers, offset by continued churn in migration from the lower base of limited basic customers.  We also had growth in our stream offerings which is a lower price video product that doesnt require equipment and is targeted at customers who dont currently buy a video product from us today. We marketed that product more actively and widely across our footprint in the fourth quarter.  Legacy Charter lost 10,000 residential video customers in the quarter versus a gain of 20,000 a year ago, driven by our integration focus on the larger acquired footprints. As Tom mentioned, getting to a national product and service standard also caused us to adjust the timing of product upgrades across legacy Charter for over two years.  In the mean time, weve seen some additional competitor build out price and promotional offers advertised by competitors and we have less of a benefit this year from integration struggles at a key competitor. We also merger some legacy Charter markets into the legacy TWC service infrastructure as we created new regional operating areas.  That puts certain legacy Charter areas into a pre-upgraded state with respect to service. Bright House gained 13,000 video customers versus a loss of 6,000 last year. In total, we added 2,000 residential video customers in the fourth quarter in addition to SMB growth. In residential internet, we added a total of 263,000 customers versus 303,000 last year. Over the last 12 months, we grew our total residential internet customer base by 1.2 million customers or 5.4%. The 5.1% growth at TWC is 5.6% growth of legacy Charter and 6.9% to Bright House.  In voice, we grew residential customers by 22,000 in the fourth quarter versus 1,000 last year. The higher triple-play sales offset by higher churn of legacy passages at TWC. So subscribers results will continue to improve. We expect further success with a higher portion of the base in Spectrum as well as the launch of new products.  But, as we said before, the progress will not be linear, particularly as we go through the positive and negative short-term effects of all-digital, new product launches and business integration with each of these often staged cross-markets. Over the last year, we grew total residential customers by 828,000 or 3.3%. ARPU growth remained muted at given modest price increases, continued standalone internet selling, higher selling and promotional rates, the migration activity of legacy TWC and Bright House with Spectrum pricing and packaging. There is also a mechanical ARPU hit from the changes to the legacy Bright House seasonal plan. Slide 7 shows our customer growth combined with our ARPU growth resulted in year-over-year residential revenue growth in the 4.0%. Total commercial revenue, SMB and enterprise combined, grew by 6% with SMB up 4.5% and enterprise up by 8.3%.  Excluding cell backhaul and NaviSite, Enterprise grew by over 12%. Sales are up in both SMB and Enterprise with 32% higher SMB PSU net adds at TWC and Bright House in the fourth quarter versus last year.  Our revenue growth in the TWC and Bright House markets hasnt yet followed the unit growth and it wont until we get through the transition to more competitive pricing of both our SMB and enterprise products.  We expect that ARPU offset will continue through 2018, but the revenue growth will ultimately follow the unit growth.  Fourth quarter advertising revenue declined by 17% year over year, driven by political in the prior year. Excluding political, advertising revenue grew close to 3% year-over-year, given higher year-over-year local, national and digital revenue. In total, fourth quarter revenue for the company was up 3.2% year-over-year and 4.2% when excluding advertising. Looking at total revenue growth excluding advertising at each of our legacy companies, TWC revenue grew by 3.9%, pre-deal Charter grew by 5.1%, driven by customer growth. And Bright House revenue grew by 4.2%. Moving to operating expense on slide 8, in the fourth quarter, total operating expense grew by $199 million or 3.1% year-over-year. Programming increased 10.8% year-over-year, driven by contractual rate increases and renewals, and a higher expanded customer base and mix, which accounted for roughly 3% of that programming cost growth.  For the full year of 2018, we expect programming cost per video customer to grow at a slower rate in 2017. That reflects a significant amount of programming renewed in the last 15 to 18 months and that expected decline in growth rate applies whether or not you include the small investment we expect to make in exclusive original content which Tom mentioned.  Cost to service customers declined by0.4% year-over-year driven by the benefits from the combination of three companies, productivity benefits from our operating model, partly offset by higher bad debt expense from higher customer acquisition levels and revenue.  Marketing expenses also improved by 7.8% year-over-year due to the higher level of marketing and sales activity and other expenses were down 2.7% year-over-year driven by the elimination of duplicate cost.  Adjusted EBITDA grew by 3.3% in the fourth quarter including transition costs  sorry excluding transition cost in both periods, adjusted EBITDA grew by 1.8%. There is still lot of moving parts and we wont pass of opportunities to grow but the fourth quarter probably reflects the low points of our EBITDA growth rate for cable, which should also benefit from some political advertising later in the year.  Turning to net income on slide 9, we generated $9.6 billion of net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the fourth quarter. $9.3 billion of that is related to a non-cash tax benefit given the reduction in our deferred tax liability as a result of tax reforms. Much of that deferred tax liability was put on the balance sheet as part of purchase accounting related to our transactions.  We generated $454 million of net income in the fourth quarter of last year due to a gain from the remeasurement of our pension liability.  So leaving aside the pension gain last year, the tax gain this year, adjusted EBITDA was higher, severance-related expenses were lower and weve recognized a $101 million benefit in this fourth quarter from a remeasurement of our liability from the Advance/Newhouse tax receivables agreement also due to tax reform. Those benefits were partly offset by higher depreciation and amortization and higher interest expenses.  Turning to Slide 10, capital expenditures totaled $2.6 billion in the fourth quarter including $202 million of transition spend. Excluding transition, fourth quarter CapEx increased by $682 million year-over-year, primarily driven by higher spending on CPE, scalable infrastructure and support.  Our fourth quarter CapEx included purchases for 2018 activity including significant CPE inventory purchases from the much larger all-digital activity this year and for DOCSIS 3.1 and scalable infrastructure. For both all-digital and 3.1, there was a significant operating and procurement benefit, stage inventory and equipment in 2017 for launches in 2018.  Excluding the impact of transition in any pull-forward spends our fourth quarter CapEx was still higher year-over-year with higher CPE and given higher connect volumes, a higher set-top box placement rate per connect and the migration of legacy customers over to Spectrum for frequently provided new equipment.  We also had all-digital spend, which excluding the inventory staging I mentioned totaled about $70 million in the fourth quarter. We also spent more in the support categories on vehicles, tools and test equipment, software development and facility spending in each case some to in-sourcing, some related to integration.  As we look to 2018, our cable capital expenditures should be driven by many of the same factors as last year including customer growth, spectrum migration, all-digital, and in-sourcing and integration. In total, we expect cable capital intensity or capital expenditures as a percentage of revenue to be a bit lower than 2017.  Next year, 2019 that is, should deliver a meaningful decline in capital intensity and dollars. Continued revenue growth improvements remains the best path for that efficiency that all-digital will be complete, well be on the back half of our integration and the bulk of Spectrum packaging and DOCSIS 3.1 upgrade spending will have occurred already in 2017 and 2018.  And even with video unit growth, the dollars of video CPE should also dramatically drop with a fully deployed base of modern two-way set-top boxes with the DOCSIS modem inside.  Slide 11 shows, we generated about $1.2 billion of free cash flow in the fourth quarter versus $1.9 billion in the fourth quarter of last year and that decline was largely driven by the higher CapEx.  We finished the quarter with $69 billion in debt principals and our runrate annualized cash interest expense at December 31 was approximately $3.7 billion, whereas our P&L interest expense in the quarter suggests a $3.4 billion annual run rate. That difference is due to purchase accounting. As of the end of the fourth quarter, our net debt to last 12-months adjusted EBITDA was 4.47 times, at the high-end of our target leverage range of 4 to 4.5 times. 2017 was a busy year of financings for us. We executed over $26 billion of debt transactions, about $17 billion for refinancing and the balance partly funding our share repurchase. Our refinancings extended the weighted average life of our debt to 11.5 years from the 1.1 at the end of last year and today, over 85% of our debt matures after 2020. So a very attractive maturity profile.  We also upsized our revolver by $1 billion to enable more strategic flexibility including around buybacks and we did all that without raising the weighted average cost of our debt, which today stands at 5.4% as it did a year ago.  During the fourth quarter, weve repurchased 13.5 million shares in Charter Holdings common units totaling $4.7 billion at an average price of $347 per share. For all of 2017, we bought back $13.2 billion, also at an average price of $347 per share.  The Slide 11 shows over a 16 month period, we spent $14.8 billion on repurchases reflecting 14% of the companys fully diluted equity. The raising of our leverage by about a half turn over the last year to the high-end of our target range reflects the confidence we have in our operating model and what we knew would drive complexity in our operating statistics throughout 2017.  We are not changing our target leverage range of 4 to 4.5 times despite the material positive cash flow impacts from tax reform which Ill cover in a moment. The fact that we are currently at the high end of that leverage range versus a half turn increase in 2017 mathematically means our 2018 buybacks will be less than 2017.  Some other factors also play a role including the launch of our local products with working capital effects in consumer devices and I dont expect that we can achieve the same level of working capital improvement for cable in 2018 given the effects of the 2017 CapEx pull-forward on 2018 working capital and our expectation for lower capital purchases in late 2018 with the completion of all-digital and other large integration projects which hasnt impact to the 2018 working capital.  So no guidance on buybacks other than, we like what we did when we did in 2017, 2018 will be less and well remain opportunistic to preserve flexibility to create shareholder value without getting trapped by artificial targets.  Turning to taxes on Slide 13. At Charter, we expect to see significant cash tax savings over the long-term from tax reform. This tax savings and the FCC action to remove the Title II framework will support the significant commitments that Tom made on Charters behalf at the White House last year, and the extension of those commitments today.  The eminent passing of the tax legislation in December was already a factor in the fourth quarter capital investment acceleration I mentioned previously, specifically around the benefits of the fourth quarter 2017 bonus depreciation.  Anticipating greater regulatory certainty was a key factor in accelerating our DOCSIS 3.1 deployment including Spectrum GIG and increasing minimum internet speeds in a number of markets for Spectrum customers.  Lower taxes and higher regulatory certainty also create better incentives for new construction, and more rural broadband deployment, which will utilize our deep fiber and anticipated wireless capabilities. We dont expect the tax build from and that use of our existing NOLs and in the time scope of our current business plan; we do not expect material limitations on our ability to deduct interest for tax purposes if ever.  We also dont currently expect to be a material cash income tax payer until 2021 at the earliest and thats two years later than what we previously expected.  Given the lower Federal Tax rate, and lower income from bonus depreciation, we estimate the total present value of our tax assets reflecting a later NOL utilization against a lower rate thats declined from just over $5 billion to about $3.5 billion. That decline is offset by the much larger value associated with net present value of tax reform which drives higher free cash flow in perpetuity.  Before moving to Q&A, I wanted to provide a financial framework for the launch of our Spectrum Wireless Services later this year. As Tom mentioned, we believe that our entry into wireless can further accelerate customer growth and drive penetration. The more customer growth we generate, the more incremental revenue well generate from wireless and cable.  Much of that revenue in the beginning will be device contract revenue which is fully recognized on the contract date and similarly, as cost of goods sold under EIP accounting, with the actual customer payments received over a longer period.  As within the subscription business through upfront launch and acquisition activity which creates OpEx and CapEx which exceed the gross margin benefits in the short-term. The more wireless customer growth we generate early on, the more EBITDA and cash flow drag we experienced in the early day.  Over time, we expect our Wireless service to generate positive EBITDA on a standalone basis with broader growth benefits to our core cable services. Our wireless business will eventually be fully integrated; its just another cable product in the bundle from a marketing care, billing and service perspective. So no different than internet of voice today and it will not be a separate P&L or segment as such. Through the launch phase however, we will be able to isolate certain key items to create transparency around cable performance. Those items, not necessarily with line-by-line disclosure will include, service revenue, which could be messy with bundle allocation effects of pricing and any subsidies. The device revenue and related cost of goods sold, the MVNO costs, or selling cost and any direct CapEx.  We should be able to isolate the working capital impacts from the timing of cash flow for device cost and related subscriber cadence. We will provide additional detail from the wireless business as we move through the year and as the business scales, but our current goal is to maintain our target leverage on a consolidated basis even through the launch phase.  Operator, we are now ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. 
Bryan Kraft: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I just had two questions. One, Chris, can you talk about what the tax rate would be on a permanent basis if you take out the benefits of the NOL and the depreciation timing, so we can start to think about how we model that tax rate in the out years of our models?  And then, secondly, I know you dont want to talk about how much of the synergies and dollars have been realized and you are going to no longer disclose those, but, can you just talk about, roughly where you are in realizing the transaction synergies, maybe in terms of rough percentage terms or something, just so we can think about how much still could be on the come as go forward? Thank you.
Christopher Winfrey: Sure. So, in terms of tax reform, one of the key elements in addition to a lower rate was bonus depreciation for the next five years and then, a fairly logical transition out of the 100% bonus depreciation. So your question is, to the  at the point where Charter does become tax payer, ignoring the ongoing benefits of our NOLs, the effective tax rate should be in the 24% to 25% area all in inclusive of state income tax.  And as for synergies, we are not providing ongoing disclosure, part of that is also the distinction between what our operating model synergies and transaction synergies; its not a bright line. But I think if you take a look at our results which is for all of 2017, and in the fourth quarter, you can see that even in the earnings of cost to serve and in the other expenses and even in the marketing and sales area where we have much higher sales and marketing activity and we have synergies there that are offsetting some of those increases.  We are doing everything that we intended to do on the synergy side. We expect it to get to the numbers we published over a three year period and we are not quite there yet, but we are well on our way. Given that, I think, Id like to  what we are trying to put a pin into because it does become someones judgment as to whats an operating synergy and transaction synergy at this stage.
Bryan Kraft: Okay, thanks very much, Chris. 
Stefan Anninger: Kim, well take our next question please. 
Operator: Thank you and your next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Your line is open. 
John Hodulik : Great. Couple ones. First, Chris, there is some nice EBITDA commentary about the low point for cable EBITDA growth. First, a clarification, did that include any sort of impact you are going to see from the wireless launch mid-year? And then, if you could give us anymore color on what drives that accelerating EBITDA growth?  Is it more revenue-related, more margin-related? And then, maybe for Tom, the 200 megabits per second service, can you give us a timeline for sort of how do you expect that to be rolled out across the U.S.? And I realize its early, but any sort of early feedback you can give on in terms of uptake or improving subscriber numbers in those areas? Thanks. 
Christopher Winfrey: The reinvestment in cable be with at in its low point because of the specific to cable and I am not saying that now, just look anybody, but if we are widely successful with wireless and there is upfront cost in terms of sales and marketing as thats attached to wireless subscriber.  So I dont want to get trapped into a point where we are getting curious on something that ultimately is going to have significant cash flow contribution. So we think that Q4 was probably the low point for cable in the diagram and thats our intention we said it that way. In terms of the sources of that growth, and as subscriber units have improved, and we expect to continue to improve, as many of them give you choppiness along the way, but for the medium and long-term subscriber results its improved.  That has a significant impact on the revenue flow through. We are also coming out of the year where we didnt have political advertising and into a year where we will have political advertising. So, all of that implies that revenue should be a contributor to that EBITDA growth. We also mentioned in the prepared remarks that we expect a lower rate of programming cost for us, which does have an impact to EBITDA growth rate as well.  And I think well become  continue to become more efficient on the operating side. Thats there are some trims up there and we have a lot of in-sourcing investments that are ongoing, but to answer your question, I think it comes from both revenue and its certainly in parts of the cost structure continuing efficiency there as well.
John Hodulik : Great.
Thomas Rutledge: So, John, with regard to our data speeds, so, our plan is to go 1 GIG everywhere in  that we serve essentially this year. So well have all 50 million passings essentially activated with 1 GIG capability with our advanced wireless product with it.  So that we can distribute the 1 GIG throughout the home. The 200 megabit upgrade is currently about 18% of our footprint and we have some plans to take that up further this year. But we have  its really a logistical question, part of that is we are offering that to our existing customers as well and in some cases, we have modem transfers to do.  And so, there are logistical issues in managing that. So we havent decided how fast we are going to go with that and how far well roll it out entirely this year. But to sum it up, we plan to be 1 GIG everywhere and marketing 1 GIG everywhere this year, which is taking up a significant portion of our business to minimum speeds of 200 megabits at the same price we were charging the 60 a year ago.  And we plan to do that as quickly as we can, but because of the all-digital rollout and some of the other operational issues we have, we havent fully planned out to do the whole country yet. 
John Hodulik : Gotcha. All right, thanks guys. 
Stefan Anninger: Kim, well take the next question. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi. Your line is open.
Jason Bazinet : Just a question for Mr. Winfrey. You do a nice job in your K outlining the aggregate transition expenses over the last three years within OpEx and CapEx. And I was just wondering if you could give any commentary about how much more transitional expense do you expect from current 2018 and is that the last year that there will be transition expenses?
Christopher Winfrey: Let me start with the easy one. No, it wont be the last year. I think the  in 2019, well still have  from an IT infrastructure standpoint some ongoing transition capital in particular and also as we continue to converge some of the core networks into 2019. So I think it will go on through 2019. 
Jason Bazinet : Okay. 
Christopher Winfrey: The reason we are not longer going to continue to provide that is, as we make changes through the business, some of thats really just to align to an operating model and sometimes its to put in a brand new overlying architecture and because its the right thing to do for the overall business or a set, because its tied to integration and making a black and white distinction was very easy early on and for coming at the end of 2018, making that distinction in a way thats faithful that you can lay it out in your 10-K and which didnt  we thought that was a little bit harder and maybe less relevant.  And so, what we wanted to do today is, explain people why we were going to make the change, provide the transparency of where those line items repeat recast in Q1. So that people have in advance to recast it. So I think, you can already see the transition expense from an operating expense, it has been coming down. Some of that is because we are actually coming down in the activity.  Some of that is because it became harder to define and when in doubt, we put it into the  as usual just because we rather be conservative. And if thats the case then, providing that distinction becomes less useful over time to investors and we thought it would be more transparent to show the transition that we tend to do in Q1 and report it back to usual way to getting in Q1 and going forward. 
Jason Bazinet : Perfect. Thank you. 
Stefan Anninger: Kim, well take our next question please. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jessica Reef with Bank of America. Your line is open. 
Jessica Reef : Thank you. I guess, two questions. You talked a lot about the certainty that you now have from regulation and also tax reforms done. How does that play into your views on further consolidation in the industry and how you would view participating in that? And then, secondly, can give us more color on the original content strategy? How much content will you buying from Viacom and AMC? Will it be exclusive? How will you use it or benefit from it? Thank you. 
Thomas Rutledge: Obviously, M&A in the industry, as you are talking about cable M&A as opposed to programming M&A, from our point of view, we like the cable business. We think its a good business and we think we can do well on that and if there were opportunities for acquisitions at the right price, we would always be interested in retaining of.  I dont know how the tax law or the Title II changes affect the regulatory environment during the M&A if thats your question. And I am not sure they do, so, you still have all the issues that weve always had in the industry in terms of M&A as far as I can see.  With regard to content, yes, our plan is to work with proven content companies to get economies that work for us in terms of windowing of content as to use that content to create brand halo around our product in an effective way in the marketplace.  Weve done two arrangements, one with AMC and one with Viacom and they are slightly different in scope and but they essentially create a window of opportunity for us to use content in a way that fits our customers and still together monetize that content properly over a bigger distribution footprint meaning the world. And so, well see where it goes, but its an opportunity to  for us to be associated for a period of time with the original content. 
Jessica Reef : Tom, I am sorry. Can just have one follow-up? Does that play into your efforts at all and what you are doing in targeted average pricing and can you give us an update on what advancements youve made in advertising? 
Thomas Rutledge: Well, we continue to make significantly advancements in advertising and we are actually pretty bullish on our ability to grow our advertising business. As Chris said in his comments, we actually grew advertising taking political out by 3% last year.  We are using more advanced data analytics anonymized data analytics to drive better advertising products in the market we have in an all-digital environment, the ability to use our inventory much more effectively and much more targeted way combined with the good data.  So that, the advertiser gets a more responsive ad and we get a higher CPM and so, we think weve got investments planned for 2018 to finish out our platform to deliver that nationwide. We have made significant strides today and so we have a much more advanced advertising platform than we had historically having before beginning to see traction. 
Jessica Reef : Great, thank you.
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Jessica. Kim, well take our next question please. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Phi Cusick with JPMorgan. Your line is open. 
Phil Cusick : Hi, thanks. Two if I can. First, Chris, can you give us some clarity on the rate increases announced so far, both in the legacy Charter and the acquired plans? And how should we think about any ARPU impact this year? And then, maybe Tom, can you talk about wireless a little bit more, for the mid-year launch, should we expect something like a Comcast type MVNO or something substantially different?  And when could we start to see you offering some type of your own cellular augmentation rather than just using a Wi-Fi in addition to the MVNO? Thank you.
Christopher Winfrey: So, Phil, we have not taken significant rate increases inside 2018, really consistent with our operating philosophy to go for market share growth. We didnt have some small rate increases to true-up for retransmission expense and thats flowed through at the beginning of January, but thats really to offset a direct expense that we have.  Weve also harmonized some of our set-top box rates. In some cases, that resulted in a small increase, but as you know from the transition to Spectrum pricing and packaging, in many cases, thats a dramatic reduction in set-top box fees that are paid by consumers. And so it really was more about standardization and operating increases.  Those were the two biggest items. We had some other small modifications around the edges, but those are two that drive the most significant portion, but in general, our strategy is to drive revenue growth through unit growth as opposed to simply taking rates, that hasnt changed. 
Thomas Rutledge: Phil, with regard to wireless, we just had a rollout on mobile product. We already are in the wireless business. Today, we have 200 million authenticated devices connected to our Wi-Fi network. Weve planned to sell the mobile product using the Verizon MVNO. We havent decided how to price it and  but our long run view of pricing is that, we should offer good value for high-quality products and we should integrate that into our overall product and packaging scenario. So that, the consumer ends up with a set of high-quality product features in a single customer relationship and that those features individually and in aggregate are worth more to the customer than they would be as standalone products. And so we havent decided our pricing. I will say just by Comcast and they did a really nice job with their pricing model and it has a lot of very positive attributes. But we have got to decide ours or announce ours. With regard to the Wi-Fi and latent spectrum opportunities, small cell radios, if that's what youre referring to, which I referred to in the past as inside-out strategy potential for high-capacity, low-latency services to be delivered to consumer premises and businesses.  We dont have  weve been experimenting with various licensed and potentially unlicensed some of those spectrums did unclear of what is long run regulatory standards will be. But we are experimenting with different spectrums that we hope will become licensable or private, along with Wi-Fi, but Wi-Fi interestingly continues to increase in terms of its actual capabilities.  We are doing this 1 GIG service throughout the country with Wi-Fi and Wi-Fi can handle again. And so, thats the kind of speed that the people are talking about from a 5G perspective. So, our thought is that, we may want to take additional licensed spectrum and combine it with Wi-Fi spectrum to create an even broader, in-home, in business and mobile platform.  We dont have any current plans to launch that in 2018 or in 2019 for that matter. But we are working on the integration of licensed and unlicensed spectrum into the same radios, so that we can improve the already good wireless coverage that we provide at home.  I think the most interesting fact to consider about, just the MVNO which we are about to enter, 80% of the BPS that mobile carrier customers that will seal on their devices come through our Wi-Fi networks. And so, its a robust network, I mean, its getting better. 
Phil Cusick : Thanks, Tom. 
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Phil. Kim, well take our next question please. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Wlodarczak with Pivotal Research Group. Your line is open. 
Jeff Wlodarczak : Good morning. One for Chris and one for Tom. Chris, you bought back dramatically more stock certainly than I anticipated in the fourth quarter and the second half of 2017. Should we assume going forward, you are going to stay at the high-end of your 4 to 4.5 times leverage target?  And then for Tom, I wanted to get your thoughts on the potential for the government to nationalize a portion of the mid-band wireless spectrum to create a competitor into 5G? And then just, on 5G in general, youve done a lot of work on fixed 5G, how much of a competitive threat do you view telcos fixed 5G to your core data bits? Thanks.
Christopher Winfrey: So, Jeff, on the leverage question, and specifically related to buybacks, we did a lot of buybacks last year and the reason that we took our leverage up by half a turn, its still within our target leverage range. It was because we knew all the changes that we were making inside the business would make Charter statistically challenged for a short period of time.  Because the higher amount of sales and higher quality sales were being masked by legacy product churn and migration and it was very difficult despite us talking about it was very difficult for people to see, we have the confidence of where it was going and we thought that was the right window to take our leverage out than buy stock at these prices in effect $347 per share both over the full year and inside of Q4.  But as you point out, we are now at 4.47 times leveraged. So mathematically, if we are going to stay in our target leverage range and we intend to do so on a consolidated basis including the wireless launch cost, it doesnt mean a whole lot of headroom. We do have EBITDA growth and we have cash flow and both of those contribute to capacity.  But I think we did what we did and wed like to price we did it, liked how aggressive we were and we thought the timing was right and of course in this year, where do we take leverage? Its too early to say. I think a lot of that is dictated by the opportunity set thats in front of us. I would say that, if our goal is to stay consolidated leverage at 4.5 times.  And we are in way to the extent that we become more and more bullish about our ability to drive wireless growth, you would want to make sure that youve left enough capacity in your consolidated leverage to be able to still be within the target, thats our goal. And that you saw M&A opportunities that came about havent existed in a material way recently then that would also factor and so wanted to create some headroom.  And most importantly, as I mentioned before, while subscriber results did what we said they were going to do and continue to do so, there is going to be some choppiness along the way just getting the amount of change that we are driving in the business. So, it wont be a straight-line. The overall curve over a medium to long-term, we have high confidence in that.  If there are reactions to choppiness along the way and the opportunity opens up, thats one of those strategic opportunities, wed look at it as well. So, no guidance on where well be inside the 4 to 4.5 times and thats simply because we need to keep that flexibility to go make the right decisions which I think so far, we are pleased with. 
Thomas Rutledge: So, Jeff, as far as the national 5G government built mobile network, which I assume you mean.
Jeff Wlodarczak : Yes.
Thomas Rutledge: I dont know there is such a thing architecturally, even possible as a pre-spec notion. There is no 5G spec yet. If they do it in a mobile environment within a massive amount of very tiny cells. And could government manage something like that? It's hard to conceive.  So, I dont know any  I understand the security issues that I think underlie the  how that cant just come into the public space and I do think there are significant cyber security issues that we have to deal with as a country and privacy issues that are real policy issues. But I just cant imagine a nationalized infrastructure and I dont even know from a mobile platform where the product would be.  When it comes to 5G, fixed, now I think its  you got to remember 5G is just a format puts in data at a certain speed and there are alternatives to 5G can, which is why we talk about 6G, its kind of like that number of longer and its final path, but, there are a lot of ways to get speed. 5G isnt the only way to provide a high-capacity low-latency network.  And so, so what is a 5G fixed network? It sounds to me like, its a wireless drop that costs more than a wireline drop. And what do you attach it to? You have to attach it to a network, just like you do all wire drop connections. And so, I see all the same kind of costs necessary to build a 5G network as there is to build a wireline network and maybe more.  And so, well ask  does that potential exists, does anyone with capital want to do that and will they get a return to that capital? I dont know, but I think it has much of the same aspects of investments as wireline if not greater. 
Jeff Wlodarczak : Thank you. 
Stefan Anninger: Kim, well take our last question please. 
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant with Evercore. Your line is open. 
Vijay Jayant : Thanks. Two if I may. Tom, there is some comments that in the prepared remarks about the stream product becoming a bigger piece of the mix. Just want to get thoughts on the virtual MVPDs and how they are scaling? Whats the sort of response broadly in the marketplace and do we expect these IP products to be a bigger piece of the mix going forward?  And just very quickly for Chris, you obviously talked about the trough, EBITDA trends ex wireless, possibly where they are right now? Can you just talk about the arc on the commercial side where its sort of doing the similar thing, is that behind the consumer arc on the recovery? Just for our understanding of scaling of the business going forward? Thanks so much. 
Thomas Rutledge: Well, and lets ensure and I describe what's going on in the video business and its complicated. There is a lot of issues out there. I still think that we can grow video. I think there are lot of pressures in the video business with the pricing and packaging, price of the products and the fact that in order to carry the whole product, again to buy the whole product, as a distributor and which makes the retail price generally expensive for a fully featured service.  And there are a lot of people being priced out of the market and price value relationship is declining because, among other things, its gotten more expensive, but also across but not paying for us has gotten cheaper meaning, with password sharing and lack of control by programmers over their content, you have an easy ability to substitute pay TV for free TV.  And you can do that with an intent for broadcast television, which is now become an expensive product. And you can do that with streams products that isnt properly matched. So you have price pressure in the business thats significant, you have income levels that makes price pressure significant.  So the overall category is shrinking from pay perspective for all of those reasons and then you have our ability to sell which I think is still good and significant and I think that we have the ability to put better video products in front of the consumer and package them.  There is no product out there that I can see that we dont have access to, to sell to our consumers or to provide to our consumers and integrate it with our existing services. So, as if we have an opportunity to continue to have a fully featured video product that meets customer expectations thats equivalent to what anyone else could do.  And therefore I think because we have a better business model, and better infrastructure that we can win against the satellite and we can against other wireline competitors in the marketplace and grow our video business. But, the overall category I think still is under enormous pressure for all the reasons I said. 
Stefan Anninger: Thanks, Vijay. That ends our call. Thanks operator. 
Christopher Winfrey: Just we didnt ignore, Vijay, Ive forgotten, he had the second question on commercial. 
Stefan Anninger: Okay. 
Christopher Winfrey: The commercial migration, whats happening in commercial, sales are up significantly. I mentioned in the prepared remarks, 32% year-over-year growth at TWC and Bright House, on SMB from a unit perspective, thats really significant and 32% increase in net adds. The trade-off to that is ARPU pressure. And so, similar to residential with migration thats been taking place. The key difference in SMB and the same applies to enterprise is the pricing differential is greater and the time period for it to occur is longer.  And so the SMB migration takes a longer period of time as does enterprise. So, I think we are going to see similar pressure throughout 2018. Im not giving you revenue guidance other than to say, kind of well have positive unit growth, well have positive revenue growth, but it is going to be depressed through 2018 relative to the unit growth until we can get a little bit further on in that migration path and get over the 50% point similar to what weve been talking about on residential. So, that, I think that does wraps us up. We apologize and thanks everybody for joining the call. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call and you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc. Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc. Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.
Analysts: Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Vijay Jayant - Evercore-ISI Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Michelle, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q3 2017 earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to Stefan Anninger. Please go ahead.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Good morning and welcome to Charter's third quarter 2017 investor call. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com, under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent proxy statement and Forms 10-K and 10-Q. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call. However, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statement reflects management's current view only, and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements or to make additional forward-looking statements in the future. During the course of today's call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures as defined by Charter may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. We also may refer to pro forma results. While the Time Warner Cable and Bright House transactions closed on May 18, 2016, these pro forma results present information regarding the combined operations as if the transactions had closed on January 1, 2015 in order to provide a more useful discussion of our results. Unless otherwise specified, customer and financial data that we may refer to on this call for periods prior to the third quarter of 2016 are pro forma for the transactions as if they had closed at the beginning of the earliest period referenced. Pro forma reconciliations are provided in Exhibit 99.1 to our Form 10-Q filed on November 3, 2016. Please also note that all growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise specified. Additionally, all customers and passings data that you see in today's materials continue to be based on legacy company definitions. Joining me on today's call are Tom Rutledge, Chairman and CEO, and Chris Winfrey, our CFO. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Stefan. In the past quarter, we remained focused on the integration of three large companies and increasing the high-quality sales with Spectrum pricing and packaging in the acquired footprints. We're creating one company with a unified and centralized operating approach, which puts Charter on a path to be able to grow faster over a multiyear period. The integration is going well and remains on schedule. Our third quarter operating results were as planned, despite all the complexity that comes with completely changing the way we do business in 75% of our footprint. We're growing our customer relationships by 4%, and our customer and financial growth will continue to improve as more and more of our customer base migrates to Spectrum pricing and packaging and all-digital is completed and an even better video and Internet product rolls out and our unified service platform, which is a product in itself, is deployed. In 2017, we're seeing all the short-term effects of implementing a sustainable growth strategy, including high churn from legacy products and temporary ARPU pressure from migration, partly offset by higher sales and better product. And our EBITDA growth is better than when we took legacy Charter through a similar process. Inside the businesses, we're executing well and have put the highest risks associated with our integration behind us. Hurricanes Harvey and Irma tested the integration of our people, processes, and systems. All performed well, and we've recovered nicely and are essentially back to business as usual. The hurricanes did impact our customer net adds and financial results this quarter, but only marginally. Chris will cover these effects in a moment. In the third quarter, our customer and individual product connects inside our new footprint were higher year over year, as they were in the second quarter. The higher connect activity shows that our Spectrum pricing and packaging is working. At the end of the third quarter, 41% of Time Warner Cable and Bright House customers were in our new pricing and packaging, up from 30% at the end of last quarter. In areas where we've had Spectrum in place for at least four quarters, 52% of our residential customers have Spectrum package products. We're selling and migrating better products with better and consistent pricing that drives higher customer satisfaction. Nearly all of our video connects and Spectrum migrations subscribed to expanded basic video product, which some people call fat basic, with VOD on every outlet. As of today, we offer Internet speeds of 100 megabits in over 75% of our entire footprint, up from just 50% at the end of the second quarter. And we expect to offer minimum speeds in excess of 100 megabits in nearly all of our passings by year-end. We'll continue to increase our minimum speeds in 2018. In a couple of months, we'll also launch gigabit speeds offerings in several key markets using DOCSIS 3.1, with more launches planned through 2018. We expect DOCSIS 3.1 modems to be priced similarly to DOCSIS 3.0 modems when purchased at scale, and we'll begin to buy exclusively DOCSIS 3.1 modems and drive higher entry-level speeds. We'll also begin to deploy our Wave 2 Wi-Fi router, which is similar to our Worldbox, having been developed and designed and specified by Charter. It has much faster speeds and even better propagation of reliability throughout the home. Our all-digital activity in legacy Time Warner Cable and Bright House is accelerating. However, the bulk of that activity will still take place in 2018. At the end of the third quarter, we have deployed over 1 million Worldboxes across our national footprint. Worldbox is faster, smaller, cheaper, and more flexible for QAM and IP video and guide delivery, and it can be used across all three legacy footprints. Going forward, Worldbox will be the only set-top box we buy and will be the workhorse for our all-digital project. The deployment of our Spectrum Guide also continues to progress. We've seen a significant increase in on-demand utilization by customers that have Spectrum Guide today, exposing the value of the content packages they already purchase. In 2018, we'll provide Spectrum Guide to new customers in legacy Time Warner Cable and Bright House markets. Existing customers in those markets will, over time, have the choice to switch to Spectrum Guide at the push of a button. We'll deploy the same approach in certain legacy Charter markets that are contiguous with legacy Time Warner Cable or Bright House markets, what we call mixed markets, where we waited to roll out to the full DMA. In the fourth quarter of last year, our Enterprise group launched new national pricing structures designed to drive higher customer growth. That pricing structure is working well, and we saw higher year-over-year enterprise product net adds in the third quarter. The short-term revenue effects of that market share growth strategy are similar to what we've been seeing where we're making changes to pricing and packaging in residential and SMB markets. We're also improving the product set for Enterprise, deploying our hosted voice product to 13 more states in the third quarter, with plans to launch that product across our entire footprint by the end of this year. And in the coming months, we expect to launch a software-defined wide-area network solution that should increase our addressable opportunity and provide businesses with another choice as they migrate from legacy technologies. We're on track to launch our wireless service in 2018 using our MVNO agreement with Verizon. Our core operation agreement with Comcast has helped with that process. When offered as part of our bundle, we expect Spectrum branded wireless services to drive more sales of our core products and to create longer customer lives. Our next-generation wireless field testing is also going well. Our existing infrastructure puts us in a position to uniquely scale deployment of new wireless small-cell products. And we expect a number of emerging technologies, including better Wi-Fi, 5G, public spectrum brands, and radio management protocols will all support our ability to innovate new network-based product offerings for the foreseeable future, using a technology transformation similar to what the cable industry has done in its infrastructure so many times. Now I'll turn the call over to Chris to provide more details on the quarter.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Tom. Before covering our results, a couple of administrative items; first, I wanted to remind everyone that when I reference third quarter 2017 customer results, I'll be comparing to third quarter 2016 results that have been adjusted to exclude the seasonal program customer activity in the third quarter of 2016 at legacy Bright House. We've provided that year-over-year comparison on slide 6 of today's investor presentation. The Q3 impact is really modest. Q2 was relevant, but we expect Q4 and the first quarter to also be relevant. Secondly, as Tom mentioned, our third quarter results were impacted by hurricanes Irma and Harvey, although not materially. In total, we estimate the impact was about 10,000 to 15,000 net residential customer relationships in storm-affected areas, some of which may come back in the fourth quarter. The storms also reduced our third quarter revenue by $4 million in the form of residential customer bill credits. We also provided some modest SMB customer credits. And there was some impact to September advertising revenue, but difficult to say precisely how many orders would have been placed. Our third quarter operating expenses were elevated by $8 million, mostly related to storm cleanup and call center labor costs. In the third quarter, storm-related capital expenditures were about $20 million, mostly related to line and equipment replacements. We expect a similar amount of storm-related CapEx in the fourth quarter, and we'll provide updates on those amounts and any material credits, if any, when we report our fourth quarter results. Some of these costs will ultimately be covered by insurance, but there are no potential claims impacting today's results. Now turning to our results, during the third quarter, total customer relationships grew by 212,000 or 1 million over the last year, with 3.4% growth at TWC, 4.5% at legacy Charter, and 5.4% at Bright House. As Tom mentioned, 41% of TWC and Bright House customers were already at Spectrum pricing and packaging at the end of the third quarter. We're driving higher sales year over year into better products with more value, even as we migrate or churn legacy products, driving significant transaction volume. Slide 6 shows we grew residential PSUs by 172,000 versus 322,000 last year. Over the last year, TWC residential video customers declined by 3.4%. Pre-deal Charter has been about flat, and legacy Bright House improved its residential video customer loss to 0.6% year over year. TWC lost 25,000 more video customers than last year, as we continue to see churn from the same low-value, limited basic packages, net of migration to a full video product. Importantly, limited basic losses were responsible for all of the video losses at TWC this quarter, with legacy TWC's expanded basic video customer base growing by just over 50,000 in the third quarter versus a loss of approximately 130,000 expanded customers in last year's third quarter. So that means there's a 180,000 swing in the expanded video relationship development in the quarter at TWC. The better expanded basic performance was driven by higher connects and a better sell-in mix and from legacy TWC limited basic customers migrating to our Spectrum pricing and packaging. Legacy Charter lost 11,000 video customers in the quarter versus a gain of 19,000 a year ago, driven by our integration focus on the acquired footprints and some additional competitive build-out and price-driven promotional offers advertised by competitors. Bright House lost 7,000 video customers versus a loss of 9,000 last year. In total, we lost 104,000 residential video customers, primarily TWC limited basic video relationships. In residential Internet, we added a total of 249,000 customers during the quarter versus 344,000 last year, with legacy Charter declining from 121,000 in the third quarter last year to 70,000 this quarter, partly from the same drivers we saw on video at legacy Charter and believe to be temporary in nature. We also had a strong Internet quarter last year, and each of our legacy footprints benefited from integration activity at key competitors. Over the last 12 months, we grew our total residential Internet customer base by 1.2 million customers or 5.7%, with 5.3% growth at TWC, 6.4% growth at legacy Charter, and 7% at Bright House. In Voice, we grew customers by 27,000 in the third quarter versus 29,000 last year, with higher triple-play sales offset by higher churn of legacy promotional offers at TWC. Over the last year, we grew total residential customers by 865,000 or 3.5%. Residential revenue per customer relationship was up modestly, helped by some $50 million of revenue from the August Mayweather-McGregor fight. Similar to last quarter, ARPU growth remains muted by smaller price increases this year, continued standalone Internet sell-in and higher sell-in at promotional rates, and migration activity of legacy TWC and Bright House to Spectrum pricing and packaging. It results in a mechanical ARPU hit similar to Q2 from changes to the legacy Bright House seasonal plan. Before the close of our transactions, one of the biggest concerns of our investors was our ability to manage ARPU through the transition to higher-value Spectrum pricing and packaging, with generally lower pricing for more product, lower box fees, and lower modem fees. Now, nearly one year in, it should be 50% migrated by year-end. So that's a lot of product and rate transactions in a large portion of our base now with more value and less reason to call or churn. We've rationalized the commercial roll-off and the retention environment. And the ARPU and revenue still look pretty good despite that planned disruption. Slide 7 shows our customer growth combined with our ARPU growth resulted in year-over-year residential revenue growth of 4.4%, or 3.7% when excluding total pay-per-view in both periods. Total commercial revenue in SMB and enterprise combined grew by 8%, SMB revenue by 7.4%, and Enterprise up by 8.9%. Excluding cell backhaul and NaviSite, Enterprise grew by over 13%. Sales are up in both SMB and Enterprise, and we're managing the transition to highly competitive pricing in these service markets as well. Third quarter advertising revenue declined by 11% year over year, driven by political advertising in the prior year. So excluding political, advertising revenue was still down about 2% year over year, given lower year-over-year barter and local revenue. That includes some for hurricane-related effects as I mentioned at the outset. In total, third quarter revenue for the company was up 4.2% year over year and 4.9% when excluding advertising Looking into the revenue growth for each of our legacy companies, TWC revenue grew by 3.8%. Pre-deal Charter grew by 5.2%, driven by customer growth. And Bright House revenue grew by 4.3%, given improving video and triple-play sell-in. Moving to operating expense on slide 8, in the third quarter, total operating expense grew by $238 million or 3.7% year over year. the transition expense accounted for $23 million of our total OpEx this quarter. Programming increased 12.3% year over year, driven by contractual rate increases and renewals, a higher expanded mix, which accounted for roughly 2% of that growth, the cost of the Mayweather-McGregor pay-per-view fight, which accounted for a little over 1% of the growth, and the lapping of synergies generated in the third quarter last year. Regulatory, connectivity, and produced content was up 1.6% year over year. and cost to service customers declined year over year, driven by the benefits from the combinations of the three companies, productivity benefits, including from simplified pricing and packaging, and a higher in-sourced labor mix, partly offset by higher labor costs driven by the recent storms. Marketing expenses grew by 5.6% year over year, given a higher level of marketing activity and a higher number of sales in the acquired footprints. And other expenses were down 2% year over year, driven by elimination of duplicate costs. Adjusted EBITDA grew by 5.0% in the third quarter. And excluding transition costs in both periods, adjusted EBITDA grew by 4.7%. Turning to net income on slide 9, we generated $48 million in net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the third quarter versus net income of $189 million last year, with higher year-over-year adjusted EBITDA and lower severance-related expenses more than offset by higher depreciation and amortization, pension withdrawal and remeasurement charges, and higher interest expense. Turning to slide 10, capital expenditures totaled $2.4 billion in the third quarter, including $125 million of transition spend. Excluding transition, third quarter CapEx increased by $629 million year over year, primarily driven by higher spending on CPE, scalable infrastructure, and support. The higher CPE spend was marginally the result of higher connect volumes and two-way set-top box placement rates now that Spectrum pricing and packaging has been launched across all of our markets. And we've already reduced our DTA footprint by over 30% since closing the transactions. All-digital spend was about $50 million in the quarter, primarily related to CPE. The higher scalable spend was driven by the timing of in-year spend in video and Internet product development. And the higher support spending is related to the timing of vehicles and tools and test equipment, software development and facility spending, in each case, some related to in-sourcing and some related to the transaction. As slide 11 shows, we generated about $600 million of free cash flow in the third quarter versus $1 billion in free cash flow in the third quarter last year. And the decline was largely driven by higher CapEx and a smaller working capital benefit  a benefit in both years, at least year over year. And that was partly offset by higher EBITDA. We finished the quarter with $66.8 billion in debt principal. And our run rate annualized cash interest expense September 30 was $3.6 billion, whereas our P&L interest expense in the quarter suggests a $3.2 billion annual run rate. That difference is due to purchase accounting. As of the end of the third quarter, our net debt to last 12-month adjusted EBITDA was 4.3 times, in the middle of our target leverage range of 4 to 4.5 times. In July, we closed on $1.5 billion of investment-grade notes. In August, we closed of $1.5 billion of high-yield notes. And in September, we closed on another $2 billion of investment-grade notes. And finally, earlier this month we closed on another $1.5 billion of high-yield notes. The proceeds from these offerings have and will be used for general corporate purposes, including potential buybacks. Our weighted average cost of debt is now 5.4% with a weighted average life of 11.5 years, with over 90% of our debt maturing after 2019. So in the third quarter, we repurchased 10.9 million shares in Charter Holdings common units, totaling $4.0 billion at an average price of $367 per share. As slide 11 shows, in the past 13 months we spent $10.1 billion on repurchases, reflecting 10% of the company's equity on a fully diluted basis. I want to be very clear. Our share repurchases are not part of a programmatic capital return policy. Buybacks reflect: confidence in the trajectory of the proven operating model as we head into the back half of our integration; positive cash flow despite significant organic investment; and attractive debt markets and a high-quality capital structure, which provides us flexibility in different markets. Going forward, our share repurchase activity will continue to depend on other potential uses of capital for organic or inorganic opportunities and market conditions. Turning to our tax assets on slide 13, we estimate the total present value of those assets, reflecting our current NOA utilization, is over $5 billion. And we don't expect to be a material cash income tax payer until 2019 at the earliest. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Your first question comes from Craig Moffett from MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Hi, thank you. I'm not sure whether this is for Chris or for Tom, but I wonder if either of you could just speak about what really looks to be an industrywide transition, at least on the margin, to more single-play broadband subscribers. Your pricing for standalone broadband doesn't recapture as much margin from a lost video subscriber as the pricing does at, say, Comcast. I'm wondering. As you think about that going forward, how do you think about that? When is the right time to maybe adjust that pricing, or is it more that you really do think that you can keep customers in double-play and triple-play bundles for longer than most in the market expect?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Craig, it's Tom. We still have a very rapidly growing, good business. And if you look at all these numbers, we're growing the company quickly. And, yes, the Video business has pressure in it and it has had pressure in it. We still think we can grow the Video business going forward and expect to grow the Video business going forward. And we expect to sell packaged products going forward, including data, mobility, landline voice, and video. And it's true that there are lots of pressures on the video bundle, the biggest pressure being price. The second biggest pressure, which also contributes to the price/value relationship, is that many programmers now are distributors, whether they know it or not, whether it's through TV Everywhere or direct-to-consumer streaming services. And because of password sharing and multiple-stream products to households that have  there are 35 million one-person households in the United States. So you have 10% of the population with almost 30% of the households. And multi-stream products being sold to those households allow consumers to purchase one product and share it among multiple users. That affects the price/value relationship of video in general, and that affects what people are subscribing to. And so there's an enormous pressure that comes out of the total price of content plus the availability of it for free that content is now being  I should restate that. There's an enormous ability for people to receive free content because of the way content distributors are securing their product so ineffectively. And as a result of that, I think you'll see continued pressure on video. But we expect that we can still grow a rich video package inside our product bundles, and we think we'll do that at the expense of our competitors, and we think that the general category will continue to decline slightly. But to your broader question about pricing, we're happy with the way we're pricing our packaging today. We're happy with the way we're pricing our single-product services today, and we think we have an excellent growth trajectory based on our pricing structure.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Great. Thanks, Tom.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Craig. Michelle, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marci Ryvicker from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. In the prior call, Comcast mentioned several times they were prepared for the change in the competitive environment. And I guess I would ask you, along those same lines, when you went into the Time Warner Cable and Bright House transactions, how much did you think about a potential change? I guess the stocks are telling us that the market thinks this is happening faster than they had expected. Do you think this is a case as the competitive environment changed faster, and how prepared are you?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: I guess we expect change. There's always change, but we don't think it's faster than we thought. We think that we're actually exactly on plan, where we planned to be in our acquisition model, and we're happy with where we are. We've actually made a very complex integration of very large companies, and we're growing those companies. And we're actually in better shape transactionally than we were in legacy Charter doing a similar kind of approach. And, yes, the markets move. Our data speeds continue to improve. Our video product can continue to improve on a relative basis, and our voice products and mobility products are new additions that didn't exist in prior iterations of this operating model. So, yes, markets move around. Competitive pressures change. We still think we have a very superior infrastructure relative to our competitors. We can use that infrastructure to be a high-quality competitor. Then we can move our mix of services and pricing and packaging around in an appropriate way to be responsive to the market and still grow rapidly.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Marci, I went back and looked through the past couple quarters what we've said on earnings calls as well as on the transcripts. In fact, the description that we gave of the model and the performance of the units and the performance of revenue as we get in the back half of this year and into 2018 and what we look like in 2019, and I wouldn't have changed any of it. I think it's all still the case, and I don't think the markets change that dramatically in such a short period of time.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: The other thing that I would add. I mentioned in Craig's question, there's a lot of unsecured video out there, which is impacting the value relationship of video in a dramatic fashion. And you would think that people would be responsive to that that sell video, and so markets correct as well.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Marci. Michelle, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vijay Jayant from Evercore. Your line is open.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore-ISI: So, Tom, based on your comments just now about price being the factor on video, and these virtual MVPDs doing what they're doing, one, I think Charter is one company that has not used skinny video as a proposition in the market. And I think if anything, you've gone the other way as you've been moving the Time Warner Cable cohort to the Spectrum pricing. So the question really is, so is that a level you believe you need to pull to grow video longer term? And second, just a housekeeping question; with respect to the total revenue growth we saw in the quarter, which seemed to have accelerated, but can you help us understand how much was the Mayweather fight on those numbers? Thank you.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: So your fundamental question about our pull-through of video is we are selling a rich package of video. We believe most consumers want as much video as they can get. Not everybody is paying for it, but people like lots of video. And we sell a high-quality video service on the increment to all new customers. So when you look at our programming expenses, a substantial piece of that is unit growth. We are actually growing customer relationships with high-quality, rich-featured, fully serviced and fully featured video products. We believe that those packages properly sold and properly contained within another value proposition, the whole customer relationship proposition that we make from a pricing impacting perspective, creates a more valuable, long-term, happier customer that creates value for us because of the length of that subscriber relationship. So that's our strategy. On the edges, we're selling packages that have more targeted, less full-service component features. But the bulk of consumers that are purchasing video from us are actually buying richer packages than they've historically received from the legacy companies that service them.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Vijay, on the revenue, the biggest drivers in revenue are the really significant rate migration activity that we have going on at TWC and Bright House, and I gave the statistic. Over 40% of our customer base at TWC and Bright House has been migrated. If you take that over roughly 20 million customer relationships, that means 8 million rate, phone call, and in many cases equipment transactions taking place in the business (32:34). So that's the biggest driver in terms of the negative impact, and it's temporary in nature. The further we get on to the progress with that, the less impact it has. But the Mayweather fight also had a positive impact, so it's going the other direction. $50 million in the quarter is what I mentioned in the prepared remarks. And then the other impact that I also mentioned in the prepared remarks was the amount of political advertising that was in last year's third quarter, but the biggest driver being the first one that I mentioned.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore-ISI: Great, thanks so much.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yes.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Vijay. Michelle, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Phil Cusick from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey guys, thanks. If I can, a follow-up and then a question. First, I think there's a disconnect between what you expect and how investors read your comments. Last quarter you talked about having turned the corner on subscriber momentum, but this quarter showed weaker numbers year over year in every segment. How should we think about this as a competitive issue versus the natural evolution in the base? And how can we better understand your plans going forward? And then, Chris, if you could, expand on your thinking behind the buyback pace. I understand returning the cash flow, but talk about the confidence in the business and why you lever up the company to buy back stock in a quarter where shares are elevated on M&A speculation and your numbers were trending weaker year over year. Thanks.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Great. So if you go back and take a look at everything I said at recent investor conferences as well as on the call, what I said is the back half of this year subscriber net adds would improve. We're not through the back half. We're only through Q3. And we said we had turned the corner. We were either turned at the point where we had bottomed out and turned the corner or very close. That's specifically what I said at an investor conference, all of which is true. Our sales are up year over year, and we've mentioned that the TWC churn continued to be highly elevated, and the point at which that would subside was after we've crossed the 50% mark. So if somebody was reading in and wanted to look for monthly guidance, that's not how we operate, and we talk about things in terms of a longer-term timeframe. The back half of this year is going to be significantly improved. The revenue effects of that will continue through 2018. The benefits of the transactions, the operating and the transaction synergies, the next wave will fully flow through by 2019. And we're going to spend a lot of capital in the back half of this year, which I mentioned on those calls as well, and we're going to spend the capital next year too for all-digital. If you go back and take a look at the way that I described the business, it was ready for analysts to be able to put a model together, and we stand behind everything that we said and the optimism that was there. I think people are taking a look at it in too short of a timeframe. And that's never how we've talked about the business or the way that we operate it. As it relates to the balance sheet, because of all the things that I just said, we have a fundamental view on the value creation that's going to take place at Charter over time. We're not stock pickers. We don't understand the vagaries of the marketplace from day to day, and we have a fundamental view on what the long-term value creation of the company is going to be. It looked cheap then; it looks cheap now. I haven't looked today, but it's probably a little bit cheaper than it was. But at the end of the day, the value creation is going to be significant either way. And the capital markets are good. We have a full understanding of how mixed things could look for a period of time as they got through the operating integration that applied to Q2 results. It applies to Q3 results and probably still applies a little bit to Q4 results, although it continues to improve. And so it's a great opportunity and it's a good time for all those reasons, including the debt markets being available to go do everything that we've been doing.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Just to clarify something that Chris said, we have turned the corner in terms of our operating strategy, which will produce future revenue growth in excess of current revenue growth. And the reason we've turned the corner and the way we know we've turned the corner is we have more sales than we had year over year and we have less disconnects. And that translates ultimately into more customers, higher quality of customers too through time that produce revenue and produce net gains as well. And so given the way we budgeted this business and the way we operate this business, it's almost exactly on the screws as to where we thought it would be.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Tom mentioned it in the prepared remarks. When you take a look at it from an EBITDA growth, it's performing better than what we did at legacy Charter. And we've said multiple times, when we did it at legacy Charter in 2012 and 2013, same comment. It's not going to be linear, it's going to be very choppy along the way. We know what to expect and have confidence, and that's why we've been buying back stock as well.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: We also said that we thought that these assets were in better shape than legacy Charter, and they are, and therefore we should have a little better performance.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: That's right.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, guys.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Phil. Michelle, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Okay, the next question comes from Jason Bazinet from Citi. Your line is open.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. I don't know if this is for Mr. Winfrey or Rutledge, but I'll just throw it out there and however you want to address it. When the buy side I think segments and thinks about buying a cable stock, those that pick your stock are I think willing to take more leverage, because they see faster growth. This year, it doesn't look like you've grown revenue or EBITDA demonstrably faster than the industry. And so as you look at all of the internal metrics that you guys are looking at that get you excited, without giving an absolute number, how much faster do you think you will end up growing than the industry grows, whatever that grows at, as we move out to 2018 or 2019?
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: So it's a very smart way of asking for guidance. I give you credit, Jason. It's revolting (38:48). What we've said before remains the same is that the operating model that we have allows us to drive customer relationship growth in the, call it, 5%, 6%, 7% range, depending on the quarter and on an annualized basis. And with very little rate increase, that means that your revenue growth is going to be somewhere north of that. And that legacy Charter had demonstrated the ability to deliver double-digit EBITDA growth as a result of the operating strategy that we have that actually increases sales and reduces service calls and reduces churn, which creates further penetration on a fixed set of base and drives operating margin, leverage, operating leverage, and EBITDA margin. And none of that's changed. And so the type of things that we did at legacy Charter is exactly what we're doing here, and we expect the same type of results and even better because of the significant synergies that the scale of the three companies combined could potentially bring.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: But just in terms of preparing the company to be in that position requires some capital in excess of what normal capital expenditures in the business would require, going all-digital, freeing up spectrum, opening up additional spectrum for high-speed data to take speeds up, to improve product sets, to remain competitive, to differentiate on a speed basis from other wireline competitors, our data business. All of that requires investment, and it also requires repricing and repackaging of the business, which means that we have to shift customers out of existing rate structures into new rate structures, and do that in a way that doesn't cause our revenue to go backwards hopefully, and to do it in as revenue-neutral a way as we can possibly do it and continue to grow our customer base going forward so that we have long-run value propositions for the consumer. That costs money. And in order to get to a high-quality service operation, we're in-sourcing people, which means that we have to have costs associated with that while we stand up new buildings to house these people, while we train these people in duplicate with the offshoring costs that we currently have. As those people come online and become productive, costs drop away, EBITDA growth accelerates. But we're in a moment that was planned where we would make these capital investments and make these operating expense investments and repricing investments in order to put ourselves in a position to get the double-digit growth that Chris just spoke of and which we've produced in the past and the double-digit EBITDA growth. And so we are a high-growth company, and we're executing our plan as we envisioned it.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, that's perfect. Thank you.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: A final point for you, Jason.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yes?
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: I think it's been now five years, four or five years. But if you go back and take a look at legacy Charter at this stage, EBITDA growth was zero, minus 1%, plus 1%. It was choppy then and it wasn't linear. And so we're at the point where we're seeing all of that and to be growing at 5% EBITDA growth throughout that. And we had a similar capital structure philosophy back then too. It all is consistent and just requires taking a look at it on an annual and multiyear view as opposed to a quarterly view.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Understood, thank you.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Jason. Michelle, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brett Feldman from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking the question. I want to talk about wireless. You mentioned you're still on track to launch the wireless product in the first half of next year. And you noted that you're actually leveraging the cooperation agreement with Comcast. So I was curious if you can maybe elaborate on that. To what extent are you guys actually doing cooperative work? And are you starting to discover that there may be ways you guys can actually collaborate together in wireless on a long-term basis beyond the scope of the one-year agreement you have in place?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: As part of that agreement, we said that we were going to work together to try to form a cooperative relationship to manage the Wi-Fi or to manage the MVNO that we jointly both share with Verizon. And we've made good headway with our relationship with them and we've learned a lot from them. And we have an opportunity together to run the business more effectively from a back-office perspective. And so we're looking forward to entering the wireless business by the second quarter of next year and being operational. We're doing field testing today with our own employees. We're also doing other kinds of wireless testing that is unrelated to this MVNO entry, but the learning that we've received from Comcast has been very helpful to our implementation strategy. And we share many of the same, if not all the same, vendors from an operational and provisioning and back-office infrastructure perspective. So we're using their experience today to make our experience and our customer service experience better.
Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Is there any actual joint collaborative operations, or is it still all consultative and informative and educational at this point?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: I think there's the potential for something along those lines, but there's nothing to announce here today.
Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: All right, thanks for taking the question.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Brett. Michelle, we can take our next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks, good morning. Tom, just continuing on wireless, you sound particularly excited or interested in looking at fixed wireless, some of the small-cell stuff you were mentioning. I'm curious if you could expand on how you think about deploying that in your business and what the revenue opportunities are and if this 3.5-gigahertz CBRS spectrum is of potential interest to the cable industry and to Charter. And then, Chris, just going back to the quarter, can you give us a little more color on the legacy Charter subscriber performance? I think you mentioned you thought some of the year-over-year declines in broadband and video were temporary in nature. You might have mentioned some comp issues. But just any more color since we all look to that performance as a bit of a leading indicator for the rest of the business.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: So, Ben, we have an existing Wi-Fi business, meaning that our data business is delivered by Wi-Fi. There are 200 million Wi-Fi devices currently connected to the Charter high-speed data plan physical infrastructure. So we operate small-cell high-capacity networks in homes today, which is what 5G envisions to be and some of the new spectrum that may become available envisions to be able to provide. We think that the Wi-Fi technology that we deploy will get better and allow us to take speeds up over 1-gig in the home with better control over those devices connected to the Wi-Fi network in the home. We think that the outdoor deployment of Wi-Fi will enhance our ability to reduce our MVNO costs as well as our ability to reduce those MVNO costs in the home. And we think that new services will come along, which will allow us to use the new spectrum in a mixed way using 5G technology. We think the mixed way, meaning a combination of licensed spectrum with Wi-Fi spectrum, and I called that jokingly 6G the other day. But we have an opportunity to use all of the tools at our disposal to create products that we think work on our network better than any other deployed network currently in existence. And so we think that there's a tremendous opportunity not just to have a MVNO and a mobile business, but to create new products in a fixed environment. And that may mean specific point-to-point products that allow us to get to buildings that we don't serve currently in a less expensive way. That's a simple across a parking lot for commercial services type deployment, but also to reaching unserved rural areas and also to creating brand-new products that don't even exist today that require high capacity, low latency, high-compute networks, what people think of as virtual reality products. So we're going down the path in investing in our network for a future that we see as very bright, which is high-capacity wireless attached to high-capacity wireline. And we have a pathway and a development pathway to get to 10-gig symmetrical on our wireless, Wi-Fi, and wireline networks, and we think we can get there relatively quickly. And when we do, a whole new set of products will become available on that technology platform that don't exist today, as well as all the existing products that we do have will work better.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: The second question was on legacy Charter.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Legacy Charter is the fastest growing piece we have in this business. And it has quarterly challenges year over year, including the hurricanes, including the fact that one of our biggest operations, many of our operations in legacy Charter were subsumed into legacy Time Warner operations. Like our LA footprint, for instance, had our second biggest operating platform go into a legacy Time Warner platform from a managerial point of view. So those transition issues affect our year-over-year growth, but our year-over-year growth is good in legacy Charter. And yes, there are some competitive changes that have occurred in the wireline business. AT&T has expanded its footprint that's consistent with its commitment to the FCC in the DIRECTV acquisition, and we've had to respond to that. But the general situation is that business is performing nicely. The change year over year isn't significant on a relative basis. And it's still performing better than any part of the company we have, and we expect that to continue. But some of the change that would have occurred in legacy Charter didn't occur because of the transition process. The user interfaces in Los Angeles, for instance, are still the old ones, and because of the integration issues we had to delay that. So generally, I would say that everything we expect out of legacy Charter is working. There are some additional competitive pressures, but in the grand scheme of things, it's pretty much on track.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, thank you.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Michelle, I think we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Okay, so our final question for today will be John Hodulik from UBS. Your line is open.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks for squeezing me in, guys, maybe just two quick ones. First for Chris, given the equation that you laid out in terms of attractive capital markets and the discount in the stock and confidence in the numbers as we look out to 2018, what are the chances that you guys could actually exceed that 4.5 times leverage limit, at least temporarily? So that's number one. And then number two, I guess similar to Ben's question, if we drill down a little bit on the video losses, maybe this time in the Time Warner Cable markets, there I think you pointed to some churn in the limited basic set. Can you give us a sense of how far through that process we are? Maybe you don't want to give us how many limited basics you have in the base, but how long you expect that trend to continue. Thanks.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Sure. Look, we're committed to the target leverage range of 4 to 4.5 times. And I won't lie to you, it's tempting if you see a big market opportunity open up but the credibility that we have in the debt capital markets is equally important to what we have with the equity capital markets. And we're not going to sit here and willy-nilly just start moving that around. So we're committed to the target leverage range that we have. It will move at the bottom end, as it has. It will move to the top end over time and then back depending on the strategic organic and inorganic opportunities that are in front of us. That's our target leverage range. We talked at length on multiple occasions about what are the factors that we look at that would cause us to alter that. None of that's the case. For TWC, I'll say also we've had the benefit of looking back at what I said in the past couple quarters. It's the same I said before, unlimited basic. The minute we get over 50% migration into Spectrum pricing and packaging, the weight of those declines starts to subside. And particularly as the sales continue to increase year over year, then the pressure really goes away. So that crossover point will be reached relatively fast. We're already starting to see, as you would expect, continued better sales, a better output from the base that's been migrated, and things from the legacy TWC perspective will just continue to get better from here. It's difficult to project the exact month or day that you'll cross over, but I think legacy Charter in terms of its migration path has been nearly spot-on in terms of how we're migrating this space and continues to serve as a good proxy in that regard.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, John. That's it for our call today. Back to you, Michelle.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. This will conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc. Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc. Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.
Analysts: Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Michael L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning. My name is Michelle, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Charter's Second Quarter 2017 Investor Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to Stefan Anninger. Please go ahead.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Good morning, and welcome to Charter's second quarter 2017 investor call. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com under the Financial Information session. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent proxy statement and Forms 10-K and 10-Q. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call; however, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statement reflects management's current view only and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements or to make additional forward-looking statements in the future. During the course of today's call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures, as defined by Charter, may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. We will also refer to pro forma results. While the Time Warner Cable and Bright House transactions closed on May 18, 2016, these pro forma results present certain information regarding the combined operations as if the transactions had closed on January 1, 2015 in order to provide a more useful discussion of our results. Please refer to the pro forma disclosures throughout today's materials, including the reconciliations provided in Exhibit 99.1 to our Form 10-Q filed on November 3, 2016. Unless otherwise specified, customer and financial data that we may refer to on this call for periods prior to the third quarter of 2016 are pro forma for the transactions as if they had closed at the beginning of the earliest period referenced. Please also note that all growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise specified. Additionally, all customer and passings data that you see in today's materials continue to be based on Legacy company definitions. Joining me on today's call are Tom Rutledge, Chairman and CEO; and Chris Winfrey, our CFO. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Stefan. In June, we finished the rollout of our new pricing, packaging and branding across our national footprint with the last launch of Spectrum in Hawaii. We now offer a simple straightforward high-value product using a consistent and uniform approach across our 50 million passings under one brand, Spectrum. The new product is succeeding with consumers across our footprint. In the second quarter, our customers and PSU connects were higher year-over-year. And as of the end of the second quarter, 30% of Time Warner Cable and Bright House Legacy customers were in our new pricing and packaging, up from 17% at the end of last quarter. In areas where we've had Spectrum in place for at least three quarters, 43% of our residential customers have Spectrum package products. Progression of product and package migration is virtually identical to what we saw at Legacy Charter. More of our customers are getting better products with better and consistent pricing, which will drive the higher customer satisfaction, lower churn, and greater value into our business. Today, nearly all of our video connects are purchasing our expanded basic video product, and expanded video customers grew in the second quarter. Our Internet connects are getting faster minimum speeds. We're now offering minimum speeds of 100 megabits in over half of our footprint with minimum speeds of 60 megabits in the remaining footprint. We're also starting to see improvements in Legacy TWC disconnects with the base of customers in Legacy TWC pricing and packaging declining in size every month. And Time Warner Cable Legacy customer relationships grew by 3.5% year-over-year. Legacy Bright House and Legacy Charter also continue to perform well, especially when you consider that last year's second quarter benefited from dislocation at certain key competitors. And Legacy Charter, we grew customer relationships by over 5% year-over-year, and at Legacy Bright House, we grew customer relationships by 6% when adjusting for seasonal program changes. Despite the transitional nature of our integration and our limited price increases this year, we grew total revenue by 4% in the quarter, and our adjusted EBITDA grew by over 8%. Our growth plan is on track and our financial results are better than where we were at the same point in time when we were reorganizing Legacy Charter. In June, we restarted our all-digital project in the 40% of Time Warner Cable and 60% of Bright House that is not yet all-digital. We're early in that project, and most of our all-digital initiative will take place in 2018, but we're on schedule. In July, we completed the launch of new Spectrum pricing and packaging for the small and medium business segment. We're now offering simple, straightforward, fully featured and attractively priced SMB products in a consistent uniform approach nationwide, and our SMB strategy is intended to drive customer and market share growth. The growth opportunity in front of us is very large in both SMB and enterprise where we still have a low market share. The integration of our field operations, customer operations and network operations is well underway and progressing as planned. Despite the complexity of changing product features, packaging and pricing, business rules, systems and training, we've been able to avoid customer disruption, and our in-sourcing efforts and service metric improvements are ahead of schedule. Our wireless and product development efforts also continue to move forward. We intend to launch a wireless service in 2018 under our MVNO agreement with Verizon. And together with Comcast, we're working to find ways to cooperate in order to drive additional value for customers from our common wireless MVNO efforts. We're also testing the capabilities of our network with 5G-like services. We've already received permission to test in a number of areas from the FCC and began some field trials just last week. We intend to use our trials to provide us with better insight into the capabilities of our robust broadband network architecture. Now, I'll turn the call over to Chris to provide more details on the quarter.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Tom. And I wanted to remind everyone that we aligned Bright House's seasonal customer program with Legacy Charter and Time Warner Cable. As a result, seasonal customers at Bright House now remain reported as customers throughout the year. That reduced the negative net additions impact we would have seen in the second quarter from customers activating a seasonal plan at Bright House. And it will reduce the positive net adds impact from seasonal customers returning to Florida in the winter when comparing to historicals. So, today, when I reference our second quarter 2017 results, I'll be comparing to second quarter 2016 results that have been adjusted to exclude the seasonal disconnect activity in 2016. We've provided that more meaningful year-over-year comparison on slide 6 of today's investor presentation. Turning to our results, during the second quarter, total customer relationships grew by 1.1 million, or 4.2% year-over-year, with 3.5% at TWC, 5.3% at Legacy Charter, and 6% at Bright House, which reflects higher quality Legacy products and service relative to TWC and the impact of Charter's strategy on an already strong base. As Tom mentioned, at the end of the second quarter, 30% of TWC and Bright House customers were in Spectrum pricing and packaging. That pricing and packaging continues to drive strong connect activity, with sales up year-over-year across the TWC footprint. As slide 6 shows, we grew residential PSUs by 155,000 versus 340,000 last year, again, already adjusted for seasonal disconnects last year. The lower PSU net-adds were primarily driven by lower voice net-adds at Legacy TWC and lower Internet net-adds across all three Legacy entities. Over the last year, TWC residential video customers declined by 3.2%. Pre-deal Charter grew its residential video customer base by 0.4%, and Legacy Bright House lost 0.7% of its residential video customers, but continues to improve its year-over-year video results. TWC's video net loss was 5,000 better than last year, with all of the net losses this quarter driven by churn from low value limited basic packages. Importantly, Legacy TWC's expanded basic video customer base grew significantly in the second quarter compared to a loss in last year's second quarter. The improvement in expanded video relationship net-adds in the second quarter from sell-in mix and migration was well over 200,000 year-over-year. Similar to what we saw at Legacy Charter, after launching our new pricing and packaging, TWC video net gains should improve as the headwind of the limited basic churn declines as the limited basic base get smaller, and once we get a majority of the Legacy TWC base into Spectrum pricing and packaging. Legacy Charter lost 10,000 video customers in the quarter versus a loss of 7,000 a year ago, and Bright House lost 12,000 video customers versus a loss of 20,000 last year. In total, we lost 90,000 residential video customers in a seasonally-weak quarter. That result was already 10,000 better than the prior year loss of 100,000, with this quarter's losses primarily driven by limited basic relationships at Legacy TWC. In residential Internet, we added a total of 231,000 customers during the quarter versus 308,000 last year. Adjusted for the seasonal plan at Bright House was Legacy Charter declining from 90,000 in the second quarter of 2016 to 61,000 this quarter. As Tom mentioned, the year-over-year decline was in part related to the second quarter of 2016 Internet net-adds that benefited from challenges faced by competitors. And on the other hand, this year, we've admittedly been focused on putting 75% of our company's new footprint on to the Charter growth trajectory. Over the last 12 months, we grew our total residential Internet customer base by 1.3 million customers, or 6.2%, with 5.4% growth at TWC, 7.5% growth at Legacy Charter, and over 8% at Bright House. In voice, we grew customers by 14,000 in the second quarter versus 132,000 last year, with the lower growth largely driven by higher churn at TWC, in part driven by a low price promotional voice offer in TWC markets in prior year quarters. Over the last year, total residential customers grew by 934,000 or by 3.8%. And residential revenue per customer was down modestly, given smaller price increases this year versus last, continued standalone Internet sell-in and migration activity of TWC and Bright House to Spectrum pricing and packaging, which is richer in value, in particular, as it relates to equipment. There was also some mechanical ARPU effect from changes to the Legacy Bright House seasonal plan. The slide 7 shows our customer growth combined with our ARPU growth resulted in year-over-year pro forma residential revenue growth of 3.8%. Total commercial revenue, SMB and enterprise combined, grew by 9.5%. SMB specifically grew by 9.7% and enterprise grew by 9.3%. Excluding cell backhaul and NaviSite, enterprise grew by over 13%. As Tom mentioned, we have now launched new national pricing and packaging for both enterprise and SMB designed to drive higher customer growth and market share gains. Second quarter advertising revenue declined by 5.8% year-over-year, driven by political advertising in the prior year. Excluding political, advertising revenue was still down about 3% year-over-year given lower year-over-year local and barter revenue. So, in total, second quarter pro forma revenue for the company was up 3.9% year-over-year and 4.3% excluding advertising. Looking at total revenue growth at each of our Legacy companies, TWC revenue grew by 3.4%; pre-deal Charter grew by 4.9%, driven by customer growth; and Bright House revenue grew by 4.1% with improving unit growth and little reliance on rate. As we move to the operating expenses on slide 8, note that this quarter, we reclassified some operating expense between expense lines. We moved bad debt expense and customer bankcard fees from other expense to cost to service customers. We also moved some expenses from the other expense category to marketing expense. And so, today's materials, including our release, trending schedule and presentation provide these reclassifications on a pro forma basis, which allows for proper year-over-year comparison. In the second quarter, total operating expenses grew by $83 million or 1.3% year-over-year, with transition expense accounting for $30 million of our total OpEx this quarter. Programming increased 9.6% year-over-year, driven by contractual rate increases in renewals and a higher expanded mix, partially offset by transaction synergies. When you think about programming, keep in mind, we had some synergies already in the second quarter of 2016, but you won't have the same year-over-year benefit later this year. We're also shifting our mix pretty dramatically to higher-value expanded basic, and we've had recent renewals, and we expect significant pay-per-view revenue and expense in the third quarter from an August event. Regulatory conductivity and produced content expense declined 3.3% year-over-year this quarter as we continue to combine the company's networking contracts. Cost to service customers also declined year-over-year, driven by benefits from the combination of three companies and lower bad debt expense. We're also seeing early productivity benefits from simplified pricing and packaging and higher in-source labor. Marketing expenses declined by 2.4% year-over-year as we continue to drive overhead synergies from our transactions, which were partially offset by a higher level of marketing and sales activities under Charter's operating model. And finally, other expenses were down 5.2% year-over-year, driven by the elimination of duplicate costs. Adjusted EBITDA grew by 8.6% in the second quarter. And excluding transition cost, adjusted EBITDA grew by 8.7%. As we look to the back half of the year, in addition to the lack of political advertising, our EBITDA growth rate will benefit less from transaction synergies than it has over the last four quarters. And the next wave of additional transaction synergies will take some time. As I mentioned last quarter, the full elimination of duplicate costs will take us until early 2019 as we fully integrate the platforms of three companies in multiple billing, provisioning network environment. And the separate financial benefits from our operating model increase over the same period as the customer base migrates, and the operating investments around in-sourcing and all-digital, for example, as those subside. So similar to subscribers, where we've already turned the corner, and revenue, which will take a few more quarters, our expense development won't be linear. But our view on the long-term growth and profitability potential for Charter remain the same. Turning to net income on slide 9, we generated $139 million of net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the second quarter versus pro forma net income of $248 million last year with higher year-over-year adjusted EBITDA in the second quarter of this year, more than offset by higher depreciation and amortization and the one-time pension curtailment gain that we had last year. Turning to slide 10, capital expenditures totaled $2.1 billion in the second quarter, including $86 million of transition spend. Excluding transition, second quarter CapEx increased by $98 million year-over-year or 5%, driven by higher spending on CPE, which was offset by timing of spend on scalable infrastructure. The higher CPE spend was largely the result of higher connect volumes, and two-way set-top box placement rates now that Spectrum pricing and packaging has been launched across all of our markets, as well as inventory build related to the same. As slide 11 shows, we generated over $1.1 billion of free cash flow in the second quarter versus $524 million of actual, not pro forma, free cash flow in the second quarter last year. That growth was largely driven by cash flow from acquired systems, but also by EBITDA growth. We also have a continued working capital benefit from timing and our continued improvements on that front. On a pro forma basis, adjusted EBITDA less CapEx grew by 16% in the second quarter. We finished the quarter with $61.8 billion in debt principal and our run rate annualized cash interest expense is currently $3.4 billion pro forma for our July debt offering; whereas our P&L interest expense in the quarter suggests a $3.0 billion annual run rate. That difference is due to purchase accounting. As of the end of the second quarter, our net debt to last 12 month pro forma adjusted EBITDA was 4.1 times and our long-term target leverage remains at 4 times to 4.5 times. In April, Charter redeemed TWC 5.85% senior secured notes due 2017. Also in April, we closed on $1.25 billion of high-yield notes and $1.25 billion of investment-grade notes. Then in July, we closed on an additional $1.5 billion of investment-grade notes. The proceeds from these offerings have and will be used for general corporate purposes, including potential buybacks. Our weighted average cost of debt is now 5.4%, the weighted average life of 11.5 years with over 90% of our debt maturing after 2019. During the second quarter, we repurchased 11.2 million shares in Charter Holding common unit totaling approximately $3.7 billion at an average price of $331 per share. As slide 11 shows, since the start of our buyback program in September of last year until June 30, we spent $6.1 billion on repurchases, reflecting 6% of the company's equity on a fully diluted basis. Our share repurchase activity will continue to depend on other potential uses of capital and market conditions. Turning to our tax assets on slide 13, we estimate the total present value of those assets, reflecting our current NOL utilization, is approximately $5.5 billion and we don't currently expect to be a material cash income taxpayer until 2019 at the earliest. Operator, we are now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Your first question comes from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning. Tom, could you talk a little bit about what you and Comcast are working on, on the wireless front? Obviously, there's been a lot in the press about discussions with other wireless companies and Verizon. But just what are you spending your time on in that partnership today? What are your objectives and goals? What do you think you can get out of that as you guys start to launch in 2018? And then, Chris, it's great to hear that connects are growing year-on-year, and I think that's happening despite marketing actually being down. I know there's other drivers of connects than just marketing spend, but could you just talk about the efficiency you're seeing on the customer growth and how you think about sort of cost to add customers as we move forward? It seems like you guys are getting better at that as you integrate these assets. Thanks.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: So, Ben, to the first part of your question, we did announce that we were working with Comcast, because we share the same MVNO, the same company with Verizon, we picked up our MVNO agreement as part of the Time Warner merger. And it is very similar to what Comcast's MVNO is. And they're already launched and down the road and successful with their effort. And because we have the same opportunity as Comcast in terms of using the MVNO to drive our business forward, it makes sense for us to find ways to work together, to be efficient and to know how that MVNO works and to have a good relationship with Verizon. We expect to generate significant growth, ultimately, in that MVNO and significant growth for Verizon as a result of that. And there are opportunities on a national level, which neither Comcast nor Charter has as regional players, that come together in this MVNO, and we'd like to take advantage of them. And that's the reason why we have the relationship.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: And on the second question, connects were up at TWC and across the entire company quarter-over-quarter. And as you mentioned, the marketing and sales costs actually came down. I would argue that we're actually spending more and we're doing more activities and, obviously, we have higher sales. The efficiencies you're seeing are really from just the reduction of three different corporate overheads for marketing and sales. So when you think about creative and research and that type of activity, the quote-unquote transaction synergies would actually be much higher than what you're seeing, because the variable activity that we're doing and our willingness to pay commissions and to go drive sales is actually higher. So, I think that  not to be Debbie Downer, but I think that's short-lived. And as we continue to increase our connects in the transaction synergies in that relatively easy area to get synergies out of will subside, I think you'll see that normalize and be more reflective of what we know at Charter. Now, with the bigger company single set of overhead, can we be more efficient than Legacy Charter was? Yes.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Right.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: But the year-over-year benefits as we get through the back half of this year will probably start to decline.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: There is efficiency in the way the new assets fit together, too. In terms of our ability to buy a DMA and buy the same amount of advertising as we used to buy, and reach more serviceable passings than we historically could reach, so just the footprint of the assets makes marketing more efficient.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Ben. Michelle, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Next question comes from Vijay Jayant from Evercore. Your line is open.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: Thanks. I just want to focus on your pricing strategy, rather lack thereof. Obviously, you're transitioning the Time Warner Cable and the Bright House base to a common pricing promotion, but you haven't really had any rate increases of any size on the Legacy Charter side. Do we have to sort of wait for that transition to complete to actually have across-the-footprint rate increases? Because I think that's a lever that you haven't used at all. And just depending on this pricing, looking at your standalone broadband offer, which looks so attractive relative to your peer group, I just want to understand the strategy, so sort of helping these virtual MVPD products to probably scale given they can buy broadband at a relatively lower costs, just thoughts on that? Thanks.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Well, I'll answer your question. We have a strategy of providing high-quality fully featured, rich products and packages to our customers so that we can grow our customer base and retain our customer base. And we believe that we can continue to accelerate our growth rate through that strategy and drive revenue growth and operating efficiencies with a higher penetrated network and lower network cost per customer, and maximize the free cash flow of the business, ultimately, as a result of our strategy. So in the pricing and packaging issues that we face today, our biggest issue is the fact that our Legacy customer base has a variety of different pricing scenarios that are inconsistent with the way we're packaging going forward. And in many cases, the equipment rates, for instance, modem charges and other, and set-top boxes are significantly higher than what we're charging on the increment. And we're mixing and matching our growth rate and packagings to maintain existing ARPUs without rate increases and to create products that drive more satisfaction and are stickier in the long run, and do all that with an accelerating growth rate. And so, we're happy with our pricing strategy as it is today.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: Great. Thanks so much.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Vijay. Michelle, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from John Hodulik from UBS. Your line is open.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Maybe a couple of questions for Chris, first, on the video trends, you talked about growth in the expanded video sub base and, obviously, still some churn on limited basic side, I think, largely from the TWC deal. How far through that process are you? Is there any color you can give us on how long that's going to last? Does it end sort of this year as we sort of anniversary some of the completion of those promotions? That's number one. And then number two, on the CapEx side, I think I'm looking at the chart right, but in terms of restarting the all-digital effort, you saw an increase in CapEx and the CPE as you sort of  I guess it's through front-end loading, the equipment purchases. Should we see that number continue to move up as you move through that process and scale that up? And it's also clear that you've offset some of the spending, because CapEx, in total, were sort of largely flat. Is that sort of how we should think of things as we sort of move into the latter part of the year, and really scaling that all-digital effort? Thanks.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: On the limited base development, they're started and announced and I'd say, very large base, a limited base of (28:20) customers at TWC. Not inconsistent with where Legacy Charter was in 2012 and the type of progression that we expect to see there so far has been pretty identical to what we experienced before. So, I think it'll take more than a few quarters, but the real question is at what point do you reach the tipping point where the expanded relationship growth is so large that it overcomes the continued migration and churn that comes out of the limited basic base. And that, I think, still takes a few quarters, but it's significantly improving. The other metric to keep your eye on is at what point has the TWC base crossed the line of being over 50% in Spectrum pricing and packaging, which is competitive, an advanced product set at peer (29:09) rates that don't explode upon promotional roll-off. And that's why we continue to provide that statistic, because that's when at least one bucket is bigger than the next.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Well, the only thing I would add is that after three quarters, where that's been rolled out, 43% of the people in our Legacy Time Warner and Bright House footprint are on new pricing and packaging. But we have been doing a rolled phase of the pricing and packaging, so we just finished that in Hawaii. And so, you've got a lot of different quarters in there that came in at different weighted averages.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Right.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: So, it's hard to forecast it, but ultimately it turns.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: We're in total, TWC and Bright House, about 30% of that base at the end of Q2. And if you look back to all of our previous disclosure at Legacy Charter and the video trends there, I think that's still as good a proxy as any. On the CPE side, the CPE inside the quarter was really driven by, frankly, replenishment of inventory out of Q1, higher sales and connects in Q2, higher set-top box placement  two-way set-top box placement per connect in Q2. Very little of the Q2 CPE spend was really driven by inventory build for all-digital, that's still yet to come. And I think, as you think about the back half of this year, particularly Q4, my guess is that we'll want to highlight that at some point as to what the all-digital CPE build is for inventory in preparation for the larger amount of activity that is taking place in 2018. From an overall CapEx for this year, relatively flat year-over-year. We've approved a fair amount of capital and we hope that we can spend it. We're not limited by budget, per se, but more about what can practically be done. I think if we're successful, you'll see a higher level of spend in Q3 and Q4, but it makes it a little bit difficult to forecast, because it's simply a function of how much you can get done. I would argue the faster you can get it done and behind you, the better it will be.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yeah.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, John. Michelle, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Kraft from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. I wanted to follow up on the cost synergy comments that Chris had made. Chris, cost to serve customers was down meaningfully year-over-year this quarter. As we think about the next phase of the cost synergy opportunity from here, is that an area where we should expect to continue to see the most operating leverage? And just wondering if you could also comment maybe on some of the other areas and how we should think about operating leverage in the other costs, marketing, regulatory, et cetera?
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yeah. So, the last thing I want to do is get  we don't provide overall guidance, and I don't want to get into, certainly, a line-by-line cost guidance. I think, as you look back, after the call, some of the prepared remarks I had around the trends and the different moving pieces were designed to help people so that as they're putting their own models together, at least, they can think about it the way we think about it. Year-over-year, on cost to serve, they're benefits of the combination of the transactions that are accelerated upfront. What hasn't flown into that yet is some of the investments that we make on the operating costs side as we more fully in-source and have the duplication of labor from outsourced labor that's being transitioned out, in-sourced labor that's being transitioned in. And so, the doubling up, so to speak, hasn't totally taken place as of yet. But we are seeing already, through better utilization and better statistics, the management of the call centers and, fundamentally, a lower drive of calls from Spectrum pricing and packaging because the way it's put together, we are seeing some upfront operational synergies as well as the transaction synergies from the elimination of overhead. But I think it gets a little bit more complicated as time progresses as you have the investments flowing in and the benefits  the further benefits that take a little bit of time to flow back into the P&L. And that's really the nature of the comments that I was providing in the prepared remarks. So, I think our expense development is not going to be linear. We know exactly where we're going, but there are a lot of moving parts in each one of those lines. And I think people will have to take a look back to  in terms of operating leverage, what we said from the outset is that we think the margin on this business, as we sell more and get better utilization of fixed assets, is very, very good. But it doesn't mean that it won't go up and down, and it certainly won't be a straight line.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks, Chris.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yeah. So, in the transition process, obviously, you have more anomalies in terms of quarter-over-quarter price  or cost changes, because of the synergies of the company coming together and the work that's necessary to put the company together. But the fundamental objective of creating high-value packages with high-quality service, which improves customer satisfaction, which extends customer life and reduces total volume of transactions because longer life, less churn means that, for the same amount of revenue, you have less connects and disconnects and less marketing expense per dollar of revenue. And with higher-quality service and less repeat service calls, you've less service cost per customer. And with higher penetration, you have less network cost per customer, if you're growing your business. And so, all of our trend lines and all of our strategy is designed to be a more efficient business through quality service.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Michelle, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Bazinet from Citi. Your line is open.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Just a quick question for Mr. Winfrey. We're using EBITDA less CapEx per home passed to sort of benchmark you guys versus some of your peers. And you guys are doing a great job. But as I sort of think about that gap closing, it seems like there's two buckets. There's the operational side and then there's the synergy side. I think you've given us good percentages on the operational side, the 43% that are on the new packages and pricing, Legacy TWC/Bright House. On the synergy side, high level, without a dollar number, how far along do you think you are on that process of realizing sort of all the synergies?
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Sure. A couple of things. One, when you think about EBITDA minus CapEx per home passed...
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: You really have to think about customer relationship growth in that mix. It is expensive to go acquire customers, both on the OpEx side, through marketing and sales costs and the upfront cost to provision and call centers; and it's expensive on the CapEx side as well. So, if I wanted to drive our EBITDA minus CapEx to industry-leading numbers, we could do that and we could do it relatively quickly, and I think it'd be very bad for the equity. So, you just need to be careful with are you looking at it moment in time, you looking it over two years, or are you looking at it over five years, because that...
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah, over five. Let's say, over five years.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Okay. So then, from a synergy perspective, we've done everything that we thought we were going to do so far, and we're very pleased with where we're at. And there is nothing that would cause us to be any more conservative around what we thought we would do over a three-year time period.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: But offsetting that, as I've said many times before, we have  you see a transition cost line, that is not the tip of the iceberg in terms of the amount of friction and the investment that is going on inside the business and intentional duplication that occurs until you're able to transition some of these systems. And all of that's designed to minimize customer service disruptions so that you can continue to grow fencing (37:52) along the way.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And do you think all of that will be complete, say, in five years?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yes.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Five years, yeah, I think as you get into early 2019 or, call it, mid 2019 is when you start to see it moving on all fronts.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thank you for that.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Jason. Michelle, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike McCormack from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Michael L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks. Tom, maybe just a comment, Comcast made some comments this morning regarding wireless, and obviously we know what they're doing and at least the timing of what you're planning to do. So, the comment was just sort of saying that wireless is a tough industry and historically, I think, people have thought you guys might be interested in owners' economics at some point. Has anything changed in your view on that front? And then secondly, just on the single-play penetration, how high do we think that should go over time, and what impact, maybe for Chris, would that have on the margin profile of the company?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: I would (38:59) say I agree with Comcast's point of view on that. But we like our MVNO, We like our relationship with Verizon. We like our potential relationship with Comcast. And we do think that the industry has a lot of challenges in front of it, and that it's fully penetrated. That gives us a tremendous opportunity as new entrants with other high-quality services to package with it. But I agree with their point of view.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: On single-play, look, it's not our stated goal. Our stated goal is to get as many services into the home, because we think that's the best way that we can deliver value to the consumer and retain that consumer for a longer period of time. And by having a higher amount of revenue per household, even if we're saving the customer a lot of money, means that we've got better utilization of our network. Your question is, what's the margin profile of a company that becomes more Internet and single-play focused over time. And I think the answer is, it depends on how far penetrated you get with that Internet product in that single play. If you had 100% of the households on single-play Internet, that'd be a pretty nice business with very high margin, and it has lower CapEx. But they're small, and I don't know how relevant they are to Charter, but there are some other companies who have public numbers who have gone down  intentionally gone down the path of that strategy, because they've given up on video. And when you look at revenue and EBITDA growth, I think our plan is working better from an overall output perspective. And I think it provides us much more optionality down the road. And we still think video is a very good business. It doesn't have a dissimilar gross margin as it relates to Internet. It maybe has a different margin percent  gross margin percent, but dollars of margin is what matters. And we think video is still very important to selling Internet. And if we didn't push or have an attractive video product, we would sell less Internet, and I think, one way or another, that's the right way to think about it.
Michael L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Great, thanks, guys.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Mike. Michelle, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from Philip Cusick from JPMorgan. Your guy line is open.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks. First, where are we in the IT and billing system migrations? I saw headline last week that you'd signed a contract with someone. And then second if, Chris, you could dig in a little bit more the Legacy TWC improvements, gross adds and really picking up of new connections or  versus shrinking pool of potential churners? And are you doing better with saves and upgrades as people call and are pushed up in terms of price? Thanks.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: So with regard to IT, we actually have four billing vendors, one of which is quite small, Hawaii-only, so three for most of the country. And we have continued relationships with those vendors. Our strategy is to build a uniform front-facing engine over top of all the legacy billing systems and provisioning systems so that every customer service representative that we have and every field person who also has a tablet, essentially every front-line person in the company and every customer is looking at the same set of prices, packages and service infrastructure information about their account in the same format everywhere across the country, regardless of who the underlying IT vendors are. And we're well on our way to doing that. When we closed the deal, we had 11 different billing environments. So, even though we had four billing vendors, we had multiple instances of the same vendor, where traffic, meaning calls and customer service activity, couldn't be moved from one zone to another. Although they're not geographic, the customer base inside of any one of those instances is limited to the service infrastructure that was built at that scale. And so, by the end of this year, we'll be at three. And at the end of next year, we'll be at one, meaning one environment with an umbrella over top of, what we call an abstraction layer. And we'll be able to provide a consistent high-quality service product and have virtual service anywhere, anytime, any place from any person in Charter, and that's our objective. And so, our relationship to the billing vendors is consistent with that strategy.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Churn for the TWC Legacy base, it remains elevated, and for the base that's not converted over to Spectrum pricing and packaging. And it's going to continue to remain elevated in that segment until it's fully migrated or churned out over time. We're doing on the margin better on saves inside that footprint now that Spectrum pricing and packaging is rolled out, but given the nature of some of the packages and the level of promotional pricing versus rack rate pricing that existed in those legacy packages, even with Spectrum pricing and packaging, sometimes, that's a difficult save because of the way that it was sold in. So it will happen over time, but it's not going to be overnight, and there's no special pill.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Should we think about the new Spectrum pricing and packaging churn as sort of similar to Legacy Charter churn? And even within older pricing base, that churn is coming down as well, that's a fair way to interpret what you said?
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Over time, that's correct, is that it should all converge and we know what that should look like. The difference in the short term is that the tenure of a customer has an impact on the level of churn. So as you sell more, that has a temporary impact of having slightly higher churn. And that's the case with any cable business. So, the answer to your question is, yes, over the mid to long term, but the level of selling activity also has an impact.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, Chris.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Phil. Michelle, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Kannan Venkat from Barclays. Your line is open.
Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. So, Chris, a question on programming cost, basically, you guys just signed a deal with Fox News, I think, and it looks like you guys have a couple of other big deals coming up over the course of the next one year. How should we think about that now that the synergy component in that cost line is more or less behind us? If you could help us with that, that will be great. Thanks.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Well, I think the fundamental issue is that we have achieved synergies in our programming costs as a result of the transaction and our management of the contracts within the company. That said, the general trend is still pretty much like it has been for a number of years. And when people talk about what's going to happen to the video business three, five years from now, I say it looks a lot like it does now. And you still have large programming entities with a need for pricing, even though that pricing on the margin is negatively affecting the whole category, because you're pricing people out of the market for video, rich, fat bundles of full-service video. Given what's happening to advertising and distraction of viewers, and that overall penetration of MVPD-like services, the revenue that programmers are going to drive is primarily going to come from rate. So, you're going to still have the kind of environment we've been in, I think, going forward, for a significant period of time. And so, our objective is to manage that and to manage our customer relationships and to keep the video business working for us. But it is the high-cost business, and one of the big inputs is programming, and it's going to continue to be outsized in terms of its impact on cost.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: And for Charter, we'll need to be talking about it on a per expanded customer relationship, similar to what we did at Legacy Charter over time given the transition of the base out of more limited packages of TWC into more expanded. So, there are going to be multiple pieces, and similar to what we've done in the past, we'll be breaking that out over time.
Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And Tom, if I could follow up, recently there has been, I think, some announcements from you guys as well on skinny bundles. How do you see the opportunity there? Is it largely a broadband-only opportunity, and how big is that market from your perspective and your footprint?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: I think there may be some market there and we have some experimental marketing activity in that space, but it hasn't yet been demonstrated to be a significant niche. And most of the people that are looking at skinny bundles are looking for price. And the problem is that they don't satisfy from a consumption perspective. And so, people come in and out of the category, there is more churn as a result of that with  the demand is still there, but the ability to pay for it isn't. So, the answer is, I don't know. But it's not in programmers' interest to have themselves get disaggregated from the big bundle and become much lower-penetrated niche services. And so, I think that continued objective of staying in a big package will continue to drive a model, so to speak, of programming distribution.
Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. Thank you.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Kannan. Michelle, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: And your final question will come from Jennifer Reif (sic) [Jessica Reif] from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. It's Jessica Reif. I have three follow-ups, I guess. First, I guess on the programming discussion, there's a lot of talk about consolidation on the programming side. Can you talk about your views of how that potentially changing landscape might affect you? Does it change anything that you just said? Second, Tom, just a follow-up on the comments you made about the Comcast deal. Can you just give us some color behind why the exclusivity, the one-year exclusive deal? What benefits do you get out of that as opposed to just a general deal? And then, finally, I guess, for Chris, I heard your comments on the buyback. But can you give us some kind of a near-term outlook about the pace? I know you said it depends on other uses, but you are at kind of the low end of your target leverage of 4 times to 4.5 times. Thanks.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Well, on programming consolidation, obviously depending on how significant it was, it could have an impact on pricing power of entities. And I think there are some smaller companies there that have questionable pricing power and you can see them wanting to align themselves to get it. And so, I think you'll see some. But it's hard for me to quantify it, other than to say that it's consistent with what I previously said. Why the one-year exclusivity with Comcast? I said earlier that we have the same MVNO. We wanted to work together, we wanted to find a way to make that in MVNO work, and we thought we needed a significant period of time to be able to work together comfortably on the same business plan with regard to the MVNO. And the one year gives us that. Chris, I don't know if...
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: On the buyback, Jessica, look, I get it. I understand why everybody would like to have quarterly or annual guidance for knowing what portion of our free cash flow would be used for buybacks or otherwise. But I don't believe that's smart for us or it's the best outcome for shareholders. And by that, I mean, getting locked into a guidance of sort and having people be disappointed if you found the better opportunity somewhere for deploying that capital may put you in a situation where you end up taking a bad decision just to please previous guidance. And so, that really is the driver of not providing the guidance or an outlook, and making sure that we have the flexibility to do what we think is right in terms of where we deploy the capital, either internally or externally, or as it relates to buybacks. So, we're not going to be, at least at this stage, getting into that mode of providing that guidance.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: You're welcome.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, everyone. Look forward to speaking next quarter.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Michelle.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thank you all.
Operator: You're very welcome. Thank you everyone. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc. Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc. Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.
Analysts: John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC Mike L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US) Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC Amy Yong - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kim and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Charter's First Quarter 2017 Investor Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Stefan Anninger, you may begin your conference, sir.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Good morning and welcome to Charter's first quarter 2017 investor call. Presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com, under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filing including our most recent proxy statement and forms 10-K and 10-Q. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call. However, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect management's current view only and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements or to make additional forward-looking statements in the future. During the course of today's call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures as defined by Charter may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. We will also refer to pro forma results. While the Time Warner Cable and Bright House transactions closed on May 18, 2016, these pro forma results present information regarding the combined operations as if the transactions had closed on January 1, 2015 in order to provide a more useful discussion of our results. Please refer to the pro forma disclosures throughout today's materials including the reconciliations provided in Exhibit 99.1 to our Form 10-Q filed on November 3, 2016. Unless otherwise specified, customer and financial data that we may refer to on this call for periods prior to the third quarter of 2016 are pro forma for the transactions as if they had closed on January 1, 2015. Please also note that all growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise specified. Additionally, all customer and passings data that you see in today's materials continue to be based on legacy company definition. Joining me on today's call are Tom Rutledge, Chairman and CEO; and Chris Winfrey, our CFO. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Stefan. As we near the first anniversary of the close of our transactions, we're successfully integrating Time Warner Cable and Bright House, and our operating and strategic plans are on track. By the end of the first quarter, we have launched our pricing and packaging everywhere but Hawaii where we will also launch shortly. As a result, we've finally turned the corner, and we are seeing higher year-over-year customer and PSU connect volumes with nearly all of our video connects purchasing are expanded basic video product. And our minimum Internet speeds are either 60 megabits or 100 megabits depending on the market. And although churn and downgrade activity from the legacy TWC low-value product set remains elevated, we expected that to be the case, that the low-value product churn and downgrade activity will improve as more customers connect to our new pricing and packaging. As of the end of the first quarter, 17% of Time Warner Cable and Bright House customers were in our new pricing and packaging. And in areas where we had the Spectrum in place for at least two quarters, 32% of our residential customers have had the Spectrum product set. That result is slightly ahead of our expectation and where we were at Legacy Charter at this point in our plan. Legacy Bright House is performing extremely well. Our Spectrum pricing and packaging, combined with a better starting point in terms of its service reputation, has allowed us to accelerate growth within that footprint more quickly. Legacy Charter also continues to perform. Customer relationships grew nearly 6% year-over-year, even though our focus was on integration. We remain very confident that there is a large and long-term customer and financial growth opportunity across all three Legacy companies. This quarter, we will restart our all digital project in the 40% of Time Warner Cable and 60% of Bright House that is not yet all digital by putting two-way interactive boxes on every outlet and freeing up capacity to increase data speeds. That project should last through early 2019. The integration of our field operations, customer operations and network operations is well underway and progressing as planned. We have been able to avoid customer disruption and we're increasingly in-sourcing our field operations and call center employees in Legacy Time Warner Cable and Legacy Bright House markets in order to improve our craftsmanship, plant, and service delivery. And we're already reducing reliance on third-party call centers and contractors. Our product development efforts also continue to move forward. We're working toward launching a wireless service in 2018 under our MVNO agreement with Verizon. We're also testing the capacities of our network with 5G-like services in a number of Spectrum bands and in a number of locations. We intend to use these field trials to provide us with better insight into the capabilities of our wireline network when using high-frequency licensed and unlicensed spectrum, and how our various wireless network building blocks can be used in conjunction with one another to offer services that were developed over time. Now, I'll turn the call over to Chris to provide more details on the quarter.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Tom. During the first quarter, total customer relationships grew by 4.3% year-over-year on a pro forma basis with 3.4% at TWC, 5.8% at Legacy Charter and 6.3% at Bright House. Slide 6 shows we grew residential PSUs by 365,000 versus 757,000 on a pro forma basis last year. The lower year-over-year PSU net adds was primarily driven by elevated customer and product churn from the Legacy customer base at TWC. As Tom mentioned, at the end of the first quarter, 17% of TWC and Bright House customers are now in Charter's pricing and packaging. This is available everywhere for residential customers except Hawaii which launches next month. Bright House markets were completed first back in November, and together with a better value and service proposition in the Legacy base, you can see the positive effects of our new pricing and packaging already. And those TWC markets that had launched Spectrum as at December 31, relationship and video connects were up versus last year's quarter with better quality product and sales as Tom mentioned. At the same time, Legacy TWC promotional offers in the past have been rolling to high rates on lower value legacy products, which is why TWC billing and retention call rates have been 50% to 60% higher than Charter's. And as we've implemented consistent retention policies nationwide, we're managing through higher churn at TWC in the short term. As we migrate and replace the legacy base through a disciplined approach, legacy TWC churn will improve. Over the last year, TWC residential video customers declined by 3.2%. Pre-deal Charter grew its residential video customer base by 0.5%. And Bright House lost 1.1% of its residential video customers but continues to significantly improve its year-over-year video results. TWC's video net loss was 129,000 worse than last year, with over 90% of legacy TWC's 108,000 net video losses driven by churn from lower-value limited basic packages. Legacy Charter lost 13,000 video customers versus a gain of 10,000 a year ago. Bright House added 21,000 video customers in the quarter versus a loss of 7,000 last year. In total, we lost 100,000 residential video customers in the quarter, primarily driven by the losses at TWC. In residential Internet, we added a total of 428,000 customers during the quarter versus 520,000 last year. And over the last 12 months, our total residential Internet customer base grew by close to 1.4 million customers or close to 7%, with over 8% growth at pre-deal Charter and over 9% at Bright House. In voice, we grew customers by 37,000 in Q1 versus 213,000 last year, the lower growth largely driven by higher churn at TWC, in part driven by a low-price promotional voice offer in TWC markets in prior-year quarters. Over the last year, total pro forma residential customers grew by 951,000 or by 3.9%. Residential revenue per customer was virtually flat year-over-year given much smaller price increases this year versus last and continued standalone Internet sell-in. Legacy Charter's customer ARPU declined year-over-year primarily driven by the continued strength of Internet single play sell-in and the lack of meaningful rate increases year-over-year. As slide seven shows, our customer growth combined with our ARPU growth resulted in year-over-year pro forma residential revenue growth of 4.2% with a different mix of rate and volume across the Legacy entities. Total commercial revenue, SMB and enterprise combined, grew by 10.8%. SMB revenue grew by 11.3% and enterprise grew by 10.1%. Excluding cell backhaul and NaviSite, enterprise grew by 15%. Enterprise launched the new national pricing structure at the end of last year designed to drive higher customer growth, and we'll do the same with SMB at Legacy TWC and Bright House in the middle of the year. First quarter advertising revenue declined by 7.7% year-over-year, driven by political advertising in the prior year. Excluding political and barter, advertising revenue was down about 2% year-over-year. In total, first quarter pro forma revenue for the company was up 4.3% year-over-year and up 4.8% when excluding advertising. Looking at total revenue growth at each of the Legacy companies, TWC revenue grew by 4.1%, driven by a mix of customer and ARPU growth. Pre-deal Charter grew by 4.4% driven exclusively by customer growth. And Bright House revenue grew by 5.4% with improving unit growth and little reliance on rate. Before moving on to expense, I wanted to note two items which impacted our revenue growth in the quarter. In March, we decided to provide bill credits to certain TWC residential customers. And in last year's first quarter, TWC and Bright House revenue benefited from a contractual settlement. Excluding the impact of those items, total revenue growth would have been 4.7% of consolidated Charter or 5.2% excluding advertising. Moving to operating expense, in the first quarter total operating expenses grew by $201 million or 3.2% year-over-year with transition expense accounting for $51 million of our total OpEx this quarter. Excluding programming and transition, operating costs were essentially flat given the realization of transaction synergies and continued operating efficiencies at Legacy Charter. Programming increased 8.2% year-over-year driven by contractual rate increases and renewals and a higher expanded mix, partially offset by transaction synergies. Regulatory connectivity and produced content expense declined 1.5% year-over-year as we start combining the company's networks and contracts. Cost to service customers was essentially flat year-over-year despite 4.3% total customer relationship growth, reflecting financial benefits from the combination of three companies and lower service transactions per customer and churn Legacy Charter. Marketing expense declined by 1.5% year-over-year as we continue to drive synergies from our transactions, and other expenses were also down year-over-year driven by elimination of duplicate costs. Taking a step back on expense, the full elimination of duplicate costs will take another two years as we fully integrate the platforms of three companies and multiple billing, provisioning and network environments. And in areas of the business with labor and third-party costs tied to systems, we've actually been temporarily adding cost as we maintain legacy systems and processes and prepare for back-office integration. That's all according to plan, and so similar to subscriber, revenue and cost to service trends, our expense development will not be linear. But our views on the long-term growth and profitability potential for Charter remain the same. In fact, our confidence has grown. Same applies to the transaction synergies I outlined on the last call. Adjusted EBITDA grew by 6.4% in the first quarter, and excluding transition costs, adjusted EBITDA grew by 7.3%. If you further exclude the two revenue items I mentioned, both in 2016 and 2017, EBITDA would've grown by over 8%. Turning to net income on slide nine, we generated $155 million of net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the first quarter, versus net income of $179 million on a pro forma basis last year. This higher year-over-year adjusted EBITDA in the first quarter this year more than offset by higher depreciation and amortization, driven by purchase accounting and last year's CapEx and other below the line operating expenses, including transaction-related severance costs. Turning to slide 10, capital expenditures totaled $1.56 billion in the first quarter, including $76 million of transition spend. First quarter capital intensity as a percentage of revenue of 15.3% should not be straight lined as we had timing delays on some big network projects, facilities and truck spend, as well as vendor delays and staging CPE. Excluding transition CapEx, first quarter CapEx declined by $302 million year-over-year or 17% with lower spending on scalable infrastructures, CPE and support capital, mainly driven by timing. As slide 11 shows, we generated $1.1 billion of free cash flow in the first quarter versus negative $61 million of actual, not pro forma, of free cash flow in the first quarter last year. And that growth was largely driven by cash flow from acquired systems. Working capital did not have a meaningful impact on our free cash flow this quarter and they're often large quarterly swings. But for the full year 2017, I'd expect working capital to have a neutral to slightly positive impact on our free cash flow. We finished the quarter with $61.3 billion in debt principal. Our run rate annualized cash interest expense is currently $3.4 billion, whereas our P&L interest expense in the quarter suggested $2.9 billion annual run rate. That difference is due to purchase accounting. At the end of the first quarter, our net debt the last 12 months pro forma adjusted EBITDA was 4.0 times and our long-term leverage remains at 4 times to 4.5 times. In February and March, we issued a total of $2 billion of 10-year 5.125% notes at CCOH with the proceeds being used to call $750 million of CCOH 6.625% notes and repay $2 billion of 5.85% TWC notes. On March 30, we concurrently offered and priced $1.25 billion of notes in the high yield market and at the same time $1.25 billion of notes in the investment grade market for a total of $2.5 billion. The proceeds from those notes will be used for general corporate purposes including potential buybacks. Our weighted average cost of debt is now 5.4%. The weighted average life of 11.6 years with 90% of our debt repayable after 2019. And our hybrid debt structure gives us access to the bank, investment grade, and high yield markets providing us significant operating, financing, and strategic flexibility. During the first quarter, we repurchased 2.5 million shares in Charter Holding common units totaling approximately $826 million at an average price of about $324 per share. I mentioned on our last call that from late in the fourth quarter through Q4 earnings in February, we were not buying shares due to parameters set in an earlier 10b5-1 program. Share repurchase activity will continue to depend on other potential uses of capital and market conditions. Turning to our tax assets on slide 13, we estimate the total value of those assets is approximately $6 billion, and we don't expect  we don't currently expect to be in the general cash income tax payer until 2019 at the earliest. So, getting ahead of next quarter's reporting, I wanted to note that we have now aligned Bright House's seasonal customer program with that of Legacy Charter and Time Warner Cable, which provides a reduced monthly charge instead of onetime suspend and restart fees historically at Bright House. As a result, seasonal customers at Bright House will now remain as reported customers throughout the year which will reduce both the negative net adds impact in Q2 and the positive net adds impact in Q4 when comparing to historicals. In the second quarter of 2016, there were approximately 60,000 seasonal customer disconnects with most of the seasonal reconnected volume are currently in Q4. We'll do our best to quantify the year-over-year onetime reporting effect at Bright House when we report Q2 and Q4. With that, operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: And your first question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Your line is open.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Maybe if we could just talk about the Legacy Charter markets. You guys saw a 13,000 sub-decline in the quarter, and I guess it's driving the ARPU, sort of accelerating decline. Any color on sort of what's going on in the market? Is it cord cutting? Are you seeing some sort of economic weakness or  it doesn't seem like it's competitive issues. But maybe how you expect that  those sub-trends to develop over the course of the year and have we seen the worst in terms of the ARPU decline? Thanks.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: It's Tom. Look, I think given all the integration activity that the year-over-year Charter Legacy would've been positive if we weren't doing all this activity. We moved a lot of assets around it at different management structures during the period, and a slight change in the direction of the video customer growth. The subscriber growth in general is still performing well in the marketplace as we expected, and I think you'll see that accelerate in the future. So, I think the  I don't think it's a significant issue, but I also think it is an effect of our integration process more than anything else or any specific change in the market. Our opportunity with regard to video, I think there's market share shift from satellite to us. I do think there is a general decline in MVPD marketplace that is mostly price-driven, and I think that those trends are unlikely to change in the near term but not to particularly accelerate. And so I think that the Charter opportunity in video and subscriber growth in general in Legacy and in new footprint continues to improve.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: From an ARPU perspective, the big driver there really isn't anything that's happening systemically in the market. It's really just about the amount of single-play Internet sell-ins. So, if you take a look at the percentage of the non-video customer relationship base and the percentage growth in the next  in the new, compare that to total customer relationship growth, there are ways that you can mathematically get to figure out what the full effect of that mix shift is. And that's really what the big driver there is on ARPU.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: I think the other thing about ARPU that's significant and in the way our numbers work is that there is virtually no rate in these ARPU numbers. So, it's all driven by subscriber growth. And we want it that way. And we think in this environment of integrating three companies and introducing ourselves to lots of new customers and customer relationships that that's the appropriate approach.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Mike McCormack with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Mike L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks, guys. Tom, maybe just a comment. We've seen a lot of over-the-top launches. We saw this report yesterday obviously, and we know what the mix is. But just thinking about the threat of that and how much of an impact you're seeing from that. And then maybe secondly, your thoughts on the Charter plans. There's been a lot of discussion around 5G deployments and how you guys sort of see yourselves playing it out over time. Thanks.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Right. Well, as I said, I think obviously we sell more than video, and we're creating lots of customer relationships. And we expect to continue to do that. We expect to be able to continue to create video customer relationships too because we think that our two-way interactive footprint and our capability of providing SVOD in an appropriate user interface, along with the kind of linear channels we've historically provided and other on-demand services, makes us a more compelling product than our competitors. And so we expect to grow video. What the overall share of over-the-top providers will be over the next five years, I don't really know. But none of them have a product that is better than ours that we can see in the marketplace. So, we expect to succeed in the marketplace going forward. With regard to 5G, we've been experimenting with frequencies. But basically, our view of it is that small cell connectivity to our high capacity network is our future and our current state of wireless. We have Wi-Fi devices in almost every home. The speeds that you can get out of our current Wi-Fi routers incrementally is in the range of a gigabit, and we expect that to accelerate with the addition of additional frequencies in the millimeter waves type spectrum that 5G is proposed in and other spectrum that will become available in the future. So, we think that speeds will continue to increase in the home and in the workplace. And if we need to put that into a mobile environment that our plant in and of itself that as well in the long run. So, at this point, those kinds of 5G opportunities are still a number of years away, and they're certainly even farther away from a market-wide deployment perspective. But we are using experimental licenses to test our capabilities across the spectrum.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Operator, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Jonathan Chaplin with New Street Research. Your line is open.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): Thanks a lot. Because I'm wondering if you could just expand on your ARPU comment from M&A (25:27), I'm wondering specifically what the growth in broadband ARPU is in the Legacy Charter footprint. And I understand not wanting to take rates while you're going through the integration and seeding a new base with new packages and pricing. When do you think you'll be in a position to start pushing up rate again and accelerating ARPU growth? And then my last question will be, not that we're sort of one year- we'd sort of lapped the one-year mark on the integration. But we're at the sort of the most difficult part at this point in shifting subscribers over to the new pricing and packaging such that we should start to see an improvement in the back half of the year or is that still a quarter or two away?
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: That was a mouthful. Let me start to answer the broadband ARPU question. My comment earlier was more about total customer relationship ARPU.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): Right.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: And the impacts that multiple PSUs per relationship have on that. And so to the extent that you have a higher mix of Internet stand-alone or non-video bundles, then it has the impact of artificially pulling down your customer relationship ARPU. It wasn't so much about that ARPU per PSU. We actually don't manage the business that way. Our goal is to get as much ARPU per household by providing high-value products as possible. And so we haven't done anything to materially impact at Legacy Charter, the broadband ARPU, other than having a slightly higher amount of single play which if you were to look at as stand-alone PSU ARPU would suggest that the broadband ARPU is increasing slightly. The fallacy of that is that we sell, for the most part, broadband inside of a bundle, and at that point it's just an allocation of revenue across the different products that's on the bill. And it's really, from our perspective, more about pricing all the services in the household and putting as many of those services in as we can. Pricing, I think if you can take a look back to what Charter's historically been able to do is with very minimal price increases be able to grow total customer relationships by 6% and residential customer relationships by 5%. And if you see the opportunity to go get that type of growth and to have that type of market share shift, introducing pricing can stunt that growth. And it doesn't mean that you've lost pricing power or rate power over time. In fact, one might argue that it's actually increased because of the larger base. And if you have the opportunity to grow, we think it's much better to grow. And if you stop growing and you need to get revenue growth, you always have the ability to take rate. But that's not really Charter's strategy and we see the opportunity to grow, and I think that's the better path. Tom, I don't know if you would add anything to that but...
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: No. I think that it's been our strategy to create high value, high quality products that improve the life of the customer. And that results in not necessarily ARPU growth that comes from rate, but ARPU growth that comes from the creation of customers. It also reduces costs and so increases EBITDA relative to ARPU at a better rate if your customer service experience adds to average customer lifetime length. What that does is it reduces transaction volume, which means that for the same amount of revenue, you have a higher EBITDA because your costs, connects or servicing the customer go down. So, our view of the model is that it's much more virtuous to have high-quality, high-value products that last in the marketplace, meaning customers like the products, think they're fairly priced and continue to subscribe to without looking around and trying other competitors and increasing your cost of operation. So, while we expect to grow our ARPU and we expect to grow our customer base, we expect most of that to occur because the quality of our products stand in the marketplace and people want to subscribe to us as opposed to trying to use temporary friction in the marketplace to get a rate.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): And at the one-year mark?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Well, we had one year-- we have a multiyear strategy. And as I said in our  in my remarks, we have turned the corner in terms of year-over-year growth in connects. And that's a good sign and it's the first sign that you expect after you change every price and package and process involved in the selling of a business with 26 million customers and growing at 4%.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: The more customer relationships that we have in Spectrum pricing and packaging, the more protected we are for all the reasons that Tom mentioned, and that's why we read out that statistic. And it's line with what we had at Legacy Charter at this stage. And in fact it's actually slightly above. So, we're pleased. But until you either migrate or churn the legacy base that has low-value, high-priced products, you're going to have a little bit of volatility from one quarter to the next. But that number's increasing. It's growing well, and I agree with Tom.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, you're really looking at what is the EBITDA per customer you're gaining on the increment and are you piling those up one after another in an appropriate way so that your long-term outcome is good. And we believe that we're doing that and we've turned the corner on that, which is what our plan was.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Jonathan. Kim, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Hi. Tom, now that the incentive auction is over and Comcast bought Spectrum and its footprint not nationally, that leaves you without a sort of coverage layer of low frequency. Can you talk about that at all? Was that part of your plans, or is it still -- or is it part of your plans to think about a coverage layer to augment the MVNO, or is the MVNO a satisfactory full solution to wireless beyond your Wi-Fi network?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: As you know that that low frequency opportunity is still from a practical point of view a number of years away. So, it has no impact on sort of a short midterm opportunity in the marketplace. We think that the MVNO does have that potential. And so we're happy with our MVNO. We're happy with going forward with it and don't feel today that we have any need for that kind of spectrum. And we think that if we ever do have such a need that opportunities will be available and get it.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Craig. Kim, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Amy Yong with Macquarie. Your line is open.
Amy Yong - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thanks. So, two questions. First, on the video product. Tom, you talked about how video trend should accelerate. Can you talk about some of the initiatives that you're working on, perhaps the programming, exclusive agreements with AMC, maybe Netflix or YouTube into the box? Just some of the things that you're working on in the pipeline that we should be thinking about. My second question is on cost. Can you just give us an update, Chris, on kind of the synergies and where we are in that $1 billion mark? Thank you.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: So, Amy, in terms of things we're doing with the product and AMC, the AMC opportunities and experiment to see if we can create some high-value product for our customers for a period of time, and we think it's an interesting opportunity to put original programming to our customers and still allow the market place realities in terms of the cost of amortizing programming to work over a bigger market place over time. And so we're interested in finding ways to improve our video product and we have lots of thoughts about those. AMC is one step in that direction. Netflix is being integrated into our user interface and we plan to launch it. We've had similar discussions with YouTube. Our view is that the user interface that we're deploying across our footprint will allow a seamless integration of content. Fundamentally, we expect customers to subscribe to services like Netflix, Hulu and other over the top products in combination with our MVPD products and maybe over the top products that we also provide. And we think having a common user interface that allows that to work on all the devices in the house makes a lot of sense. Our fundamental obligation to our customer is to make that customer's life easy in terms of using video. And so, when we look at our whole relationship to content and the customer, we come out toward the customer side of the equation, meaning, while we'd love to creative new content, we'd even more love to have happy subscribers who have access to all the content that they can get. And that's what our user interface is designed to do.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: And on the synergies, on the last call I mentioned after the first year we expected to be over $700 million and that after a three-year period we expected to be a over $1 billion. That three-year period is really what I was highlighting about the time it takes to combine network provisioning, billing activities which takes time, so that's the driver for that . We're not going to report quarter-by-quarter how much is in the number because frankly, once we go out to January 1, it became a little more challenging for two reasons. One is that, one, in order to hit those synergies, a lot of times it requires operating investment to combine platforms, systems, people. And then secondly, the programming side, you have to take an estimate of what you think your renewals  your contractual rate increases for renewals would have been without the deal. So, it becomes a little bit more art than science. And so we wanted to get away from that and provide our best view at that time. But there's nothing that's impacted our optimism as it relates to the transaction synergies And as I mentioned, programming was one of the harder ones. Since I know that will be the next question, I'll try to hit that one head-on, which is we don't comment on the details on programming agreements, but we are generating the synergies we expected. Sometimes that can be obscured by escalators and existing agreements and renewals. But those renewals, they generally include better starting points, better CAGRs or growth rates they have longer terms when we want them. And we're getting better rights than we believe Charter, TWC or Bright House would receive previously. And that you're going to see it from one quarter to the next, accounting for the economics of these deals including what some  one party may see as past or future. It can be complicated and at times, payment streams can be lumpy along the way. But we're focused on the overall economics over a longer term, and we are getting the strategic and financial benefits of the transactions as we laid out.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Kim, we're ready to take our next question.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning. As you guys think about the rest of this year, I think you mentioned that connect volumes are up year-on-year. Well, you've rolled out Spectrum pricing and packaging which is almost done. So, with that, are you able to look at the churn which are on the pool of Time Warner Cable legacy customers that you would argue or on sort of the wrong package or low-value services. And how much  how big that pool is and how long it will take to churn them out or get them into the right place? Because if the connects are growing and that churn issue is sort of finite in length then it would help us think about when we might see PSUs start to improve on a year-over-year basis. I don't know if you'd want to talk to some of those puts and takes, but we'd be interested in any comment. And I just wanted to ask, Chris, if the expectation that CapEx is up year-on-year pro forma is still the right one? I know you mentioned before not the run rate Q1. But just want to throw that out too.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yeah. Well, it's the same issue that we faced with Legacy Charter beginning late 2012. Right now, at the end of Q1, 17% of the TWC and Bright House was in Spectrum pricing and packaging, which means we're in a much better position to that 17%. Flip side is we've got 83% of the base that continues to be in legacy pricing and packaging offers. And that has elevated churn and it's going to, as long as that number remains high. But it'll decrease the amount of customer's Spectrum pricing and packaging with a better term profile will increase. The real question is when you get a tipping point, that's already started to get better from here on out. And so I think right now it looks like it will follow a very similar path as to what we saw at Legacy Charter in terms of subscriber development. Second question was  Ben, what was your second question? I think we've lost Ben. Did you make a note of it, Stephanie? (40:28)
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yeah.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Oh, CapEx.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah, year-over-year  are we still up year over year (40:34).
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: So much passion on the first topic. Everything I said about CapEx last quarter still remains the case. I mean, we're a little bit behind in terms of where we'd like to be on spending on CapEx just because it's timing-related issues. So, in a weird sense, it's going to be tough to hid the plan that we have for CapEx this year. But our intent is still to be able to be in a position to spend more than we did last year. I don't think from the capital intensity it'll be that different from where it was last year just because of revenue growth, but nothing's changed. And since we want to spend the capital so we can grow faster and quicker, our goal is to spend as much as we can this year. But just on the CapEx issue just to give the speech again, the customer life and the less activity ultimately related to servicing and base of more high-quality customers with high-quality products is, if you have a high-quality service organization, you ultimately end up spending less capital as well, as well as less operating costs and your capital intensity comes down. It comes down due to operational efficiency, but it also comes down due to our ability to go all digital and once that project is completed, to have a lower capital intensity and less activity that is also capitalizable, associated with (42:10).
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Ben. Kim, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I have a quick one, and then not so quick one. On the quick side, can you quantify just the TWC credits? We're trying to isolate the revenue and ARPU impact. And also talk about if these will continue. And then, the second question is, with customers migrating to the single-play offering, do you notice behavior differing among the Charter, Time Warner Cable and Bright House markets? We can act if maybe the streaming bundles are taking advantage of the disruption in TWC markets. Thanks.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: The amounts of the credits, we didn't provide it in the Q. So, I don't want to provide preferential disclosure here. But I think if you take the comments we had about the amounts of revenue growth absent those two items, the two items being the credits in 2017 and the onetime contractual settlement in 2016, you can solve for the combination of the two. You also have, if you wanted to go back and take a look, I'm pretty sure that TWC would've disclosed the amounts of the contractual settlement with the programmer that resulted in higher revenue in Q1 2016. So, I'm laying you out a very convoluted map to get there.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Wish you luck. The two items combined is what drove that differential revenue growth that I highlighted in the prepared remarks. I didn't follow the second question, which was more about customer analysis market by market.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: The idea that we're being ticked off in certain places where we have operating issues, we've seen no evidence to that fact. And at this point, we have a fully featured product set in every market we will other than Hawaii, which we'll have shortly priced and packaged the way we want it. So, we're in the right competitive posture, but we're in the posture we want to be anyway.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Marci. Kim, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: And your next question comes from Jessica Reif with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Two questions. Can you go back to some comments you made earlier about SMB and setting national pricing for the enterprise business? Can you give us some color on where you see the potential upside from your perspective, what the margins could be in that business and how we can measure success or the milestones that we should look for? And the second question is just on programming cost, can you give us an idea of what to expect for programming cost for the full year versus the 8% in the first quarter?
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: On programming cost, I knew it would come up, which is why I said what I did. It's going to be lumpy throughout the year. So, we don't provide guidance generally. And so, I think providing it on one single line item would be somewhat strange to not provide an overall revenue EBITDA or CapEx guidance and then start 200 (45:20) on the single expense line. But we're seeing synergies in the programming side. We are seeing renewals as well. We're getting longer terms, better rights. Longer-terms where we want them, shorter terms where we want them and getting better rights along the way. So, beyond that it's not something we're going to go into a great detail on.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Jessica, with regard to SMB, we have a similar strategy with SMB, to what we have with residential in many ways, which is to create high-value, high-volume opportunities in the market place. And we price and package our SMB product in such a way that we've accelerated unit growth significantly and the revenue growth and ARPU growth catch up with that. And that we expect to have happen just like we do in our residential base. We've also done that in a new way going forward in the new company with our enterprise business as well. And we  which is the market above small business. And we are  we've gone to a lower-priced, higher-volume, higher-quality product mix with a service infrastructure to reduce installation times for all fiber products to businesses. And so we've developed a construction infrastructure, meaning personnel that are able to build fiber infrastructure to new business customers in a rapid way. And by creating more high-value, high-volume products with the capability of getting them installed in a short period of time, we think we can start to move some of that share which we have a very miniscule piece of today. So we're very excited about the future of both SMB but also of enterprise as well.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: And the PSUs is the way that you'll see that manifest itself through accelerated net adds growth. And over time, as the volume catches up to the pricing, you'll see it come through revenue.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And can you comment on margin potential?
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: We don't break out margin.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: We do not, except that the margins act like residential margins in the sense that if you improve your activity levels per dollar of revenue, your margins improve.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Jessica. Kim, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant with Evercore. Your line is open.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: Thanks. A couple of bigger picture questions. Tom, obviously, you have an IP-only product that I don't think you really market. But we've seen Comcast talk about probably doing something there and you have the satellite guys doing it. Is that something that we should sort of see as a product set in the next few months or you're happy with the current strategy? And just a question that we get and to sort of understand this Time Warner Cable churn that we're seeing and, obviously, over time you will have the gross adds with the pricing and promotion at Spectrum. Why can't there be a more seamless transition? Are these customers so poor in quality that you wouldn't want to save them, so let them churn, then have gross adds? Again, I'm just trying to understand why do we have that sort of a disconnect rather than a seamless transition? Any...
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Let me take the first one  the second one first. The TWC churn, somebody was given a $10 unlimited video basic package, where can you move them? And they have an exploding offer. It was promotional offer. Where can you move them that's a satisfactory place relative to what they were given before? Same thing exists across voice. And so we've spoken at length about that before. Now, that we have Spectrum pricing in packaging in place across the entire footprint, is there a better path to migrate them into that pricing and packaging? Yes. But can we completely solve the issues that were installed in the base? Maybe; maybe not. Your first question was  and I think more directed at Tom, but I didn't capture which product you were talking about.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Security?
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: We don't actively market.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: No. An IP-only TV product.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Oh, IP-only video product?
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: Yes. I guess the question is that you have these virtual level UPDs (49:57) out there and some of the incumbent distributors are also looking to launch their versions of it. Just from your perspective, is that something  is this style on (50:05) IP-only product, is that something you could see in the not-too-distant future?
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yeah. Look, we do have an IP-only video product. Our entire cable service is IP-only delivered if customers want to receive it that way. So, IP is a format. All of our product can be delivered on any device, in the home, all of our TV Everywhere product can be delivered outside the home anywhere depending on the service relationship and the contractual relationship with the provider. And our  to the extent we want to sell over-the-top products inside our footprint  or outside -- in some cases, we have those rights. We haven't done that because we don't really see any opportunity to create new customer relationships out of that that have a high value to us, but we certainly have the capability of doing that. So, when you say IP, all of our app-based products are IP. All of our products are now service, including our video on demand infrastructure, 50,000 titles are capable of being delivered in IP to any device. And the real question is what's the footprint of the service area. And that depends on the right structure. TV Everywhere obviously can be delivered nationally, and is. The story from the programmer since some of the virtual MVPD operators was that this was going to grow the market, and then the programmers had thought the same as well. I think you should take a look at the evidence so far. The current OTT offerings that are out there right now just seem to be cannibalizing the same satellite providers and base. And so it's just a shift in what's the base as opposed to actually growing the market. Charter has all the rights and has all the technical capabilities and it has the programming. And if we can put together packages that will generate incremental customers, I think we're uniquely positioned to go to do that over time.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thank you.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Jason Bazinet with Citi. Your line is open.
Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Just a quick question from Mr. Winfrey. You mentioned all your synergies are on track including programming synergies. And I was just wondering if you could remind us on Fox. If I remember, there was sort of a little bit of a debate around who is the surviving entity, and I just didn't know where that stood and what I really care about is sort of how are you booking it now and is there any risk of sort of an adverse outcome where things get recast adversely, I guess?
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yeah. Look, I understand the interest, but we're in the middle of a litigation with a few different programmers right now, so I don't think it behooves us to go  we never have gone to a data programmer-by-programmer detail and I think even more so now that doesn't really  it's not really in our interest to do that. We're confident that we'll have successful programming relationships for years to come, and we're taking all the appropriate stuffs we needed to from an accounting perspective.
Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Can you at least just share how you're looking at now and when you expect resolution to the litigation?
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: No, I can't.
Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Kim, we'll take our last question, please.
Operator: Thank you. And your final question comes from Phil Cusick with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Guys, a couple of quick ones. First, Chris, can you expand on  you said something about network and vendor delays and CapEx in the first quarter. And then second, can you remind us of transition expense, expectations and timing from here? Thank you.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Sure. So, you know, I don't want to overplay that. At the beginning of every year, there's an operating plan at a detailed project-by-project level that's getting put in place and it drives orders and sometimes those orders get delayed either from internal submission of the orders or from vendors. So, there's nothing more than that other than we have a lot of moving parts with a lot of projects and to get that organized in place takes a little bit of time. We have had some supply chain issues as it relates to set-top boxes, none of which has been customer impacting so far. I don't expect it to be. It just means that we're running a little bit light on the inventory compared to where we'd like to be, and that has an impact on capital expenditure in a particular quarter. It also means that when the supply chain flips the other way, you can end up a little heavy on CPE relative to connects just as you go do that. So, it's just timing. On transition capital expenditure, we'd expect to be through all of that, essentially this year. It doesn't mean that there's won't be  continue to be some going on beyond. But I think our goal would be to have it down to a stage where there's not a need to separate that anymore beyond 2017 and look at it from a consolidated basis at that point.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Phil. And thank you, Kim. That concludes our call.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thank you, everybody, for dialing in.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-16 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc. Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc. Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.
Analysts: Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US) Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Mike L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kim and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Charter's Fourth Quarter 2016 Investors Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Stefan Anninger. Please go ahead, sir.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Good morning and welcome to Charter's fourth quarter 2016 investor call. Presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com, under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent proxy statement and Form 10-K. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call. However, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect management's current view only and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements or to make additional forward-looking statements in the future. During the course of today's call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures as defined by Charter may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. We will also refer to pro forma results. While the Time Warner Cable and Bright House transactions closed on May 18, 2016, these pro forma results present information regarding the combined operations as if the transactions had closed at the beginning of the earliest period presented in order to provide a more useful discussion of our results. Please refer to the pro forma disclosures throughout today's materials and the reconciliations provided in Exhibit 99.1 to our Form 10-Q filed on November 3, 2016. Unless otherwise specified, customer and financial data that we may refer to on this call for periods prior to the third quarter of 2016 are pro forma for the transactions as if they had closed at the beginning of the earliest period referenced. Please also note that all growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise specified. Joining me on today's call are Tom Rutledge, Chairman and CEO; and Chris Winfrey, our CFO. With that, I will turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Stefan. 2016 was a very big year for Charter. In May we closed on a transaction, which quadrupled the size of Charter. We now passed 50 million homes and businesses, and serve over 26 million customers. While we spend most of our time on the execution of our operating plan, because we believe it will create tremendous value, it's also becoming increasingly obvious that our network is the future of communications as new standards like 5G are being developed for high capacity, low latency, high compute services delivered over small cells the way Wi-Fi is today. Since closing, we've been managing the complex process of integrating the three different companies, with over 90,000 employees and a network consisting of nearly 700,000 miles of physical infrastructure and an annual revenue in excess of $40 billion. Despite the complexity, our integration is going well and as expected. Most importantly, we're growing in those parts of the service area where our operating strategy has been deployed and we remain confident that our plan and the customer and shareholder benefits we expected will be met or exceeded. Through the early stages of integration, our financial performance has continued to improve year-over-year. On a pro forma basis, we grew our total consolidated customer base by nearly 5%. And our full-year 2016 consolidated revenue grew by 7% to over $40 billion and our full-year adjusted EBITDA excluding transaction or transition costs grew by 11.8% year-over-year to $14.6 billion. And we generated close to $7 billion of annual EBTIDA less capital expenditures on a pro forma basis. The best predictor of future performance in the new company is to look at the path legacy Charter took from 2012 to today. In 2016 the legacy Charter produced customer relationship growth of 6%, and residential revenue growth of close to 6% with almost no price increases, while margins were improving and EBITDA was therefore growing even faster than customers and revenue, and while capital intensity declined. In 2017, we're focused on several key goals and priorities. First is to complete the roll out of our spectrum pricing and packaging in remaining new markets, we were approximately 50% complete at December 31. We are approximately 75% complete as of today and will be essentially fully done in residential by the end of March. And although churn in downgrade activity from the legacy TWC low-value product set remains elevated, we expected that to be the case. That churn in downgrade activity should slow as customers migrate to better value offers. We're seeing the benefits of our strategy even faster in Bright House, which has had less of those issues. On the small and medium business side, we will launch the full Spectrum SMB product pricing and packaging in TWC and Bright House markets in the second quarter, driving better customer growth. In the second quarter, we'll restart our all-digital deployment, featuring fully two-way advanced set-top boxes to video customers, in the approximately 40% of TWC and 50% of Bright House that are not yet all digital, which allows us to offer more HD, interactivity on every video outlet, faster data speeds and reduced operating costs. We should be a 100% all-digital in less than two years. We've now activated our MVNO agreement with Verizon, and we plan to launch a mobile offering in 2018 under that agreement. Our goal is to include wireless services in our packages and drive more customer relationship growth, and longer customer lives at Charter. We're also launching high-capacity experimental 5G-like Field Trials using Spectrum test licenses that were recently granted to us by the FCC. We intend to use these Field Trials as learning opportunities to provide us with better insight into the capabilities of our wireline network, when attaching radios with high-frequency licensed and unlicensed spectrum. And see how our various wireless network building blocks can be used in conjunction with one another, to offer services that we'll develop over time. We believe that our MVNO with Verizon is well suited for the shorter and medium-term wireless goals we have. Over the long-term, our goals in wireless and mobility and our wireless business plan will broaden. So our approach is flexible, we'll use the advantages of our network and product development capabilities, combined with consumer demand and our MVNO to drive our strategy in wireless with the goal of driving more growth and value creation for shareholders. Now, I'll turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Tom. Please note that I'll refer to our fourth quarter 2016 actual results versus prior year pro forma results. The customer and passings data that you see in today's materials continue to be based on legacy company definitions. During the fourth quarter, total customer relationships grew by 4.6% year-over-year, with 3.8% at Legacy TWC, 6.1% at Legacy Charter and 5.1% at Legacy Bright House. As slide 7 shows, we grew residential PSUs by 345,000 versus 917,000 on a pro forma basis last year. The lower year-over-year PSU net adds was primarily driven by fewer PSU net additions at TWC for the reasons Tom mentioned. Over the last year, TWC residential video customers declined by 2%. Pre-deal Charter grew its residential video customer base by 1%, and Bright House lost 2.6% of its residential video customers, which is improving. TWC's video net loss was 159,000 worse than last year, with over 70% of the total 105,000 video losses in the quarter driven by churns from lower value limited basic packages. Let me give a few examples of what we mean by lower value products. The limited basic video offer for $10 in the fall of 2015, and a double play of limited basic video and internet for $45 also in the fall of 2015. Those historical offers were then coupled with high promotional roll offs and annual rate increases, customer equipment fees, and previously unstructured retention policies that encouraged calls from customers. Until we launched Spectrum pricing and packaging in the market limited basic video selling at TWC has been 20% and higher. And we have to work through the migration or churn of these low value offers. Legacy Charter continued to perform well in video in the fourth quarter with 20,000 video customer net additions. Bright House added 34,000 video customers in the quarter benefiting from seasonality and the strong performance of our new pricing and packaging. In total, we lost 51,000 residential video customers in a quarter driven by the losses at TWC. Spectrum pricing and packaging is going very well with year-over-year sales and connect activity solidly up in those areas we've launched spectrum pricing and packaging with good triple play selling and 99% expanded basic selling. In residential internet, we added a total of 357,000 customers in the fourth quarter versus 495,000 last year, and for the full year, our total residential internet customer base grew by close to 1.5 million customers or 7.4% with 8.8% growth at Legacy Charter. In voice, we grew customers by 39,000 in the fourth quarter versus 304,000 last year with the lower growth, largely driven by higher churn at TWC, in part driven by low price voice offer in TWC markets in prior year quarters. Over the last year, total pro forma residential customers grew by over 1 million or by 4.2%. And residential revenue per customer was up by 1.4%, nearly all of which was driven by TWC rate increases in 2016 and promotional roll-off price step-ups, which impacted unit growth. Legacy Charter's customer ARPU declined year-over-year, primarily driven by the continued strength of internet single play selling and the lack of meaningful rate increases year-over-year. Slide 8 shows our customer growth combined with our ARPU growth resulted in year-over-year pro forma residential revenue growth of 6.0% with a very different mix of rate and volume across the legacy entities. Total commercial revenue, SMB and enterprise combined, grew by 11.8%, SMB revenue grew by 13%, and enterprise excluding cell backhaul and NaviSite grew by over 14%. Fourth quarter advertising revenue exceeded 20% growth year-over-year, driven by political, and for the full year, advertising revenue ex-political is about flat with 2015. In total, fourth quarter pro forma revenue for the company was up 7.2% year-over-year, and looking at total revenue growth at each of our legacy companies, TWC revenue grew by 7.5%, with nearly half of residential revenue growth coming from rate increases, pre-deal Charter grew by 6.4%, driven by continued strong customer growth, and Bright House revenue grew by 7.4% with improving unit growth and less reliance on rate. Moving to operating expenses, during the quarter, we continued to remap certain cost to the right business unit expense line, and these re-classes have been made to prior periods in our trending schedules to provide pro forma results on an apples-to-apples basis. In the fourth quarter, total operating expenses grew by $259 million, 4.2% year-over-year, with transition expense accounting for $78 million of our total OpEx this quarter. Programming increased 6.1% year-over-year, driven by contractual rate increases, partially offset by higher transaction synergies. While we're doing what we expected on programming, new deals remove a consistent programming base line for calculating synergies really starting in 2017. Turning to regulatory, connectivity, and produced content expense, these direct costs were up 3.7% year-over-year, driven primarily by peering and interconnect costs, rights fees escalators and franchise fees. Remember, the Dodgers' rights cost is only expense during the regular NOP season both in the past and today, and therefore unlike last quarter, we did not benefit from the purchase accounting adjustment in the fourth quarter. Costs to service customers grew by 1% despite overall customer growth of 4.6%, which reflects lower service transactions at legacy Charter, the lack of all digital activity at TWC this quarter versus last year's fourth quarter and the benefit of less physical disconnects in all digital markets. Marketing expense declined by 5.5% year-over-year in the quarter, as we continued to drive synergies from our transactions as expected, and other expenses grew by 6.1% driven by higher advertising sales and enterprise sales cost. Adjusted EBITDA which excludes non-cash share-based compensation grew by 12.7% in the fourth quarter and excluding transition cost in both years, adjusted EBITDA grew by 14.3%. We've identified over $150 million of hard transaction synergies realized within the fourth quarter. In 2016 in other words from May, we realized over $300 million in hard synergies. We continue to expect over $700 million in run rate transaction synergies at the first anniversary of the closing of our transactions. And I believe we'll exceed $1 billion in synergies after three years from close. Those transaction synergies are hard cost savings, they don't include CapEx synergies or revenue or OpEx synergies which flow from our operating model. Going forward, we'll not continue providing quarterly synergy updates given the significant level of judgment around determining the appropriate baseline for rates like programming or volume like procurement and marketing, as well as the challenge in isolating transaction synergies from the operating strategy benefits and the upfront investments that we're already making to drive growth. We don't provide subscriber or financial guidance. However, Legacy Charter plus transaction synergies continues to be a good proxy for how we expect subscribers and financials to develop over a multi-year period in our new markets, under our operating strategy. And as you think about the many moving parts in 2017, isolating pieces in the 2016 results can be helpful. 2016 revenue benefited from both political advertizing revenue and large price increases at Legacy TWC. Excluding those impacts, year-over-year revenue growth on a pro forma basis would have been slower and closer to 4.5%. Flowing through a very high margin, that translates to over 5% of our 11.2% EBITDA growth in 2016. As we look to full year 2017, we expect to accelerate customer relationship growth, but on the other hand, we won't benefit from political advertizing and little from rate increases. Our full year transaction synergies will be higher, along the lines I described, partially offset by the upfront investments in our operating strategy. So you can use those data points to help you think about 2017 potential growth. Turning to net income on slide 10, we generated $454 million in net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the fourth quarter versus $130 million on a pro forma basis last year, with the growth driven by higher adjusted EBITDA and pension gains of $366 million, primarily due to the positive impact that rising interest rates have had on our accumulated benefit obligation. We also had a $73 million gain on financial instruments from currency movements on our British pound debt and related hedging, partly offset by transaction related expenses, including severance and higher income tax expense. Turning to slide 11. Capital expenditures totaled $1.89 billion in the fourth quarter, including $187 million of transition spend. Excluding transition CapEx, fourth quarter CapEx declined by $81 million year-over-year or 4.5% with tradeoffs between all-digital in the fourth quarter of 2015 in Spectrum pricing and packaging box placement in Q4 2016. For the full-year 2016, our capital expenditures totaled $7.5 billion or $7.1 billion when excluding transition spending. The slide 12 shows we generated $1.86 billion of free cash flow in the fourth quarter versus $80 million of actual, not per forma free cash flow in the fourth quarter last year. That growth was largely driven by higher adjusted EBITDA given the closing of the transactions and then working capital benefit driven by the timing of CapEx payables in a more robust working capital program at Charter. Now that we don't provide pro forma free cash flow for the fourth quarter of 2015, on a pro forma basis, adjusted EBITDA less CapEx grew by 24% in the fourth quarter and for the full year that figure grew by 15%. We finished the year with $60 billion in debt principal and our run rate annualized cash interest expense is $3.3 billion whereas our P&L interest expense adjust a $2.9 billion annual run rate. The P&L difference stems from the revaluation of acquired TWC debt on our GAAP balance sheet as part of purchase accounting. At the end of the fourth quarter, our total net debt for the last 12 months pro forma adjusted EBITDA was 4.0 times, is declining despite buyback activity. Our long-term target leverage remains at 4 to 4.5 times and we continue to target the lower end of that range. In December, we refinanced our term loan A, H, I and our revolver and in January, we refinanced our term loans E and F. Those refinancings reduced the LIBOR spreads on each of these tranches and removed all remaining LIBOR floors from our bank debt. In February, we also issued a 10-year 5.125% note, primarily related call (19:47) the $750 million of CCOH 6.625% callable paper due 2022. In an aggregate, on a like-for-like basis, these cumulative refinancing should save us over $40 million in interest costs per year, submitting meaningful savings. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 4.0 million shares  Charter shares in the open market, totaling $1.1 million at an average price of $265 per share. Including the Advance/Newhouse transaction in late December where we repurchased approximately 750,000 common units, we repurchased a total of 4.8 million shares and common units during the quarter. For the full year 2016, we repurchased 5.8 million shares and common units for close to $1.6 billion. We're about 2% of our combined total shares and as-converted/as-exchanged partnership units. From late in the fourth quarter until today we had a 10b5-1 program where the stock price was above the buying thresholds that we'd previous put in place. So we haven't bought back shares yet in 2017 and our share repurchase activity will continue to depend on market conditions and other potential use as a capital. Our goal remains to keep full strategic flexibility and not become trapped by formulated capital allocation guidance on buybacks. Finally, turning to our tax assets on slide 14, we estimated that our total value of these assets is approximately $6 billion, is comprised of our historical tax basis (0:21:19), the Charter plus the LTM basis, large NOLs and a valuable tax-sharing agreement with Advance/Newhouse. We don't currently expect to be a material cash income taxpayer until after 2018. Like you, we closely monitor the efforts in Washington to reform corporate tax policy in the U.S., which we believe could be a net positive for Charter. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: And your first question comes from the line of Phil Cusick with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I guess to start, strong performance from the Legacy Bright House markets, was that due to the launch of the new pricing and packaging in the quarter or more an issue of seasonality? And then in the Time Warner markets, the weakness, it sounds like it's more of an issue of churn, but has gross activity been sort of in line year-over-year weaker or stronger or should we expect it really to not ramp until you get the new packaging in? Thank you.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: So in Bright House, it's  our marketing process and sales process has generated significant activity. And so yes, our pricing and packaging is driving the activity there. There is seasonality in Bright House market, but we're exceeding year-over-year seasonality activity with our marketing activity. So we're pleased with the response that pricing and packaging is generating there, as well as the response that the general marketing and the expenditure marketing dollars is achieving in Bright House markets. And our experience in Time Warner markets, we are 75% of the way through with the rollout of new pricing and packaging. We are experiencing good growth where we've rolled that out and creating new customers that we think are valuable customers and be less prone to churn than the customer base that's currently there. And the net of that in the places where we've rolled out, new pricing and packaging is positive. So we were encouraged by our marketing strategies and how they are being received by the marketplace.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Can you remind us of how long those really aggressive Time Warner offers went? Should we expect that there were  as I remember, they were pretty aggressive through the fall of 2015 and into 2016 as well. Should we look for that churn to continue?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yeah. I think that would be reasonable. We're doing some things to mitigate it, that have taken us time to put in place because of the complexity. There were 96,000 different promotional offers out there. And just the sheer logistics of managing that has been a challenge. But we've gotten some control over it and are getting better every day. So we can  we think that we can mitigate some of the churn through better management of the step up process. But you're right, in the fall of 2015, those offers were significant and they obviously went through close--
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: -- and even a little then afterwards.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant with Evercore. Your line is open.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: So obviously you guys don't have a strategy of using rate increases to drive your business, but in 27 (sic) [2017] (0:25:06), any color on any tiers of broadcast or sport that had some form of rate increase so we can sort of think of just underlying ARPU growth. And then just a more broader question, there's been some press reports about the Verizon Unlimited offering and how it may or may not impact your MVNO. Any color on that would be appreciated. Thank you.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Well, just that last comment about the MVNO. We do  we have an MVNO and we don't think that the T-Mobile comments on it are correct in the way they understand the way it works. So we're comfortable with our MVNO and think that we can use it to our benefit. I don't really want to say anymore than that. And with...
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: The rate increases and the goal here really was much more around standardization for things like the broadcast surcharge you [ph went (26:01) on. So it wasn't about a significant rate increase, it's relative to the total amount of rate increase that was in 2016, what's in 2017. This is a really small fraction of what it was in the prior year and that's what I was trying to convey through the comments. The goal here is to drive customer relationship growth, and to drive high quality growth. And if you look at Legacy Charter, we're growing customer relationship growth at about 6%. We're growing residential revenue at around 6%. We think that's the right way, if you think, you'll get it to drive growth and if you have pricing power today, it means that you have pricing power in the future. But our goal is to grow now and to grow fast and to create momentum in the marketplace.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yeah. So our rates have moved around a lot incrementally compared to what they were in the Legacy properties, but when you net it all out, it's not a rate driven strategy, it's a  we changed the rates, but we're really creating customers at similar ARPUs with a better package.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Phil (sic) [Vijay] (27:10). Operator, next question please?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Vijay.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: I'm sorry.
Operator: And the next question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys. Tom, can I just ask you on your 5G or fixed wire or wireless tests that you're running. A lot of the 5G discussion in the market has been around fixed wireless as essentially potential competitor to DOCSIS. Obviously that would not be a relevant  particularly relevant strategy for you given you have the best last-mile in your markets. So how are you thinking about the opportunity with these tests you are running around short distance, high frequency wireless? Is this about mobility or fixed in markets that might be more cost effective rather than fiber or coax line extension, just any more color on sort of where you see all this headed in terms of the opportunity? You led in your prepared remarks with your network being sort of the network of the future, so I'd love if you could expand upon that. And I just had a quick one for Chris on leverage. You expect to go below your -- you are four times in 2017 is-- I guess I'm trying to get a sense for how much of a line in the sand that is as we think about capital allocation this year, given you are at the low end at the end of 2016. Thanks.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: So Ben, I would say, it's  we're experimenting with the actual technology itself first to see how it works and what it's capable of doing. But what we know about it is that it's very short-range small cell high-capacity technology. And we have it working in labs and we've obviously experimented with it in labs. These are actual field trials of used applications. The  if you think about our architecture, we have 22 million approximately Internet customers, almost all of them have a Wi-Fi router in the house connected to the Internet service and there are over 200 million wireless devices connected to our network currently. And of those -- and many of those are actually cellular devices, meaning they are phones, and they have a contract with a traditional mobile cellular provider. But 80% of the bits or 75% of the bits on those devices are coming through the Wi-Fi platform. So we're a wireless provider of data services today. When you look at these high-capacity networks of the future and there are way out. There are new products that we think will be developed with those low-latency, high-capacity networks, including virtual reality products, augmented reality products, and how that manifests itself in the world, product development is a little unclear, but my sense is that many of those products will be not mobile products, they will be fixed products in the dwelling or in the office, that we will be how you learn and how you play. And so they are less about mobility than they are about capacity and low latency. And I think, our networks  our Wi-Fi network and our distribution network sets up really well from a total capital cost perspective of creating those kind of products. So that's  that's how I see the market developing. But will it be a mobile platform, will it be a fixed wireless platform? I think there are fixed wireless opportunities particularly in the enterprise area, and if you think about things like strip malls, malls in general business services, where you'd have to cut a parking lot to provide service with a traditional fiber wire line product. If you had a high-capacity network that you could use wirelessly to connect those business service areas, I think there are opportunities of our network to expand its enterprise business through fixed wireless drops. So I think there are -- how all the opportunities develop, I don't know, but I don't really see it as a mobile platform today. Whether that'll be a mobile platform 10 years from now or not, I don't know, but I don't think the immediate product development cycle will be a mobile platform.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Ben, on the leverage, our goal is not to go below four times this year. I mean there may be points in time where because of the timing of buybacks or the funding of refinancings that we may tick down. But I think our goal is to remain above four times if we can. When you start to run the numbers that implies, we've got to deploy a lot of excess free cash flow. So that is the challenge, and to do it in a smart way. So I'm intentional in saying our goal is not to get below four times. Doesn't mean temporarily that we won't tick down, but our intent is not to do it.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you both.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Operator, we'll take our next question.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line from John Hodulik with UBS. Your line is open.
John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks. Maybe a question for Chris. Trying to get some sense of the near-term implications for restarting the all-digital initiative. Typically, there are some sub-trends dislocation, but obviously there's some crosscurrents with the new product and packaging. I'm just wondering if you expect to see that in this  in the KPIs. And then, even sort of working down the P&L, are there obvious impact that we should expect in the near term from moving forward that? Thanks.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: So the  is your question more around CapEx or is it more around subtrends or something else, as it relates to all...
John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Really both. Really both, I mean basically I'm trying to get to a sense for whether this subtrends, there was a number of components to your prepared remarks, but do you expect the subtrends to sort of improve or sort of similar to what we've seen given the move to . (33:49)
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Go ahead.
John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Sure. I don't know. I was going to say, and then you would imagine there is cost associated with the all-digital movement, both in the P&L and through CapEx, so whatever info you can give us on that would be great.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yes. So the all-digital will restart in Q2 and it will go probably for around three years, but the bulk of the activities though is going to be taking place next year. So we will be doing all-digital from Q2 to the end of this year, but the bulk of it's going to be in 2018. So there will be some CapEx associated with that rollout. The bigger portion of CapEx this year is going to be driven by a higher amount of CPE and placement cost for Spectrum pricing and packaging connects, because, A, we expect sales in connects to be higher as we've already seen in the markets where we've gone, and B, when we do an install under Spectrum pricing and packaging, there's a higher number of devices that we're placing in the home because of our two-way set-top box strategy as well as our strategy not to charge for modem rental and to have reasonable router fees, which means that you're going to put more capital into the home on a average transaction and we expect to have higher transaction. So that's going to be a bigger driver in 2017, offset by some transaction synergies that we have on the CapEx side as well. From a customer perspective, going all-digital is disruptive. And so upfront, if anything, it does put friction into the business, which is one of reasons that we tend to be thoughtful about how we go market-by-market, and that's factored into the timing of the all-digital program that I outlined before. So net-net, you end up with a better product, better network and speed capabilities in the marketplace by taking out analog, but there's friction for the customer base as well as OpEx and CapEx, when you do it upfront. But I think we are  I expect the actual growth model this year to be more of a factor for both the KPIs as well as the CapEx than I do for all-digital.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: And the only thing I would say too is incrementally we're all-digital...
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Correct.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: ... already.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, John. Operator, we'll take our next question please.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Chaplin with New Street Research. Your line is open.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): Thanks. I'm wondering if you could give us little bit more detail about the process for launching a wireless product. If you've figured the MVNO already, my understanding is sort of within six months you can use it. I am wondering if you could just sort of run through the details of where your wireless organization stands today, what you still need to put in place, and what the steps are between now and a commercial launch. It just seems like you should be able to launch earlier than 2018.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Well, we have put the  we have triggered the MVNO with Verizon, and we are now working through the process of creating a business plan and some test processes that we plan to work through in this year to be ready to launch broadly next year. That isn't to say we wouldn't have any commercial activity this year. But to integrate a wireless business into a high volume transaction business that we already have is the major challenge. Now, we also have to enter into contracts with instrument providers and billing systems, and we have to consider our store front capability. We have 700 stores in the new company. Is that enough? Or where should we be from a retail perspective? And so we're still working through all of those kind of issues. But  so in order to  to actually do it at relatively small scale is pretty easy. The issue is how do you do it at massive scale quickly.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): Got it. So one of the questions we've been getting a lot in the wake of Verizon and others going to unlimited, is whether the terms of the MVNO make economic sense in an unlimited world. I know you said that the T-Mobile understanding of the contract was wrong. Is it the case that your wholesale rate stepped down indexed to retail rates?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Well, I don't really want to discuss the details of our plan, other than to say that T-Mobile doesn't understand it, and we're comfortable with the current world and pricing world of data in mobile to continue on with our MVNO approach. So we think it will work for us.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): Great. Thank you very much, Tom.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Jonathan. Operator, we will take our next question, please.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi. Your line is open.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Just a question for Mr. Rutledge. Given your comments about the market waking up to your terrestrial network playing a key role in the future communications, would you mind us giving us a bit of color in terms of the number of route miles you have that are fiber versus coax and where you are in terms of node density? In other words, what's the distribution of 500 homes per node versus 250 versus 125?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Well, yes, I don't have the five  I don't have the answer to your question off the top of my head anyway, other than to say that our average node size is around 500 homes and we have a lot of fiber in the network. And we have the ability to take that fiber deeper. We have the ability incrementally to take the network to a passive network and to do that at reasonably efficient capital cost through time and to do that in very targeted ways where we need the capacity. So we're very comfortable with the extensibility of our network and the ability to put high capacity anywhere in our network. We have a CableLabs project, which is an industry association, organization, that has developed 10 gig symmetrical products in the lab that are capable of running on our nodal architecture. And to get to those speeds, we may need to go deeper with our fiber, but we can go to 5G symmetrical with the less gig fiber penetration. So we think we have a very flexible architecture that allows us to grow significant capacity without a lot of capital investment.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Do you anticipate your homes per node followings, say over the five years, 10 years to 250, 125, that sort of a number?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yes. Particularly  we should, we have an average, there are some that are above average, and I think that, it's really a market demand driven sort of process. There are bunch of ways you can manage capacity on our network. We can do what are called virtual node splits. So what that means is, if you clear Spectrum  take off analog spectrum and go all-digital, I mean, have excess capacity in your network, and you have demand that would say  I mean, to put more capacity in a node, there is two ways of doing it, one way is to physically split a node into a smaller node--
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: --which requires the placing of an electronic device in the field, and maybe the extension of some fiber, it depends on how the architecture of that is structured, but it's a relatively  it's inexpensive on a grand scale capital perspective, but a lot more expensive than a digital or virtual node split. And you can do those if you have channel capacity by just recreating additional DOCSIS paths to create a virtual node essentially. And so we manage our network for the future based on the actual load on the network as opposed to some theoretical issue. And there are other ways of getting capacity out of all digital networks like, for instance, most of our set-top boxes now are capable of IT delivery, they are also capable of MPEG-4 delivery, which means that, we can squeeze the capacity out of our video business and get more DOCSIS capability in our network, which means we can do more virtual or electronic node splitting than we might have done a couple of years ago, and that's a function of our CPE strategy.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Right. And can you...
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: And so  so we're managing all of those things together to get capacity. But in any model we get to, we'll use some future state where those- a whole new product set that requires massive capacity that currently isn't required, we would take our fiber deeper and go to a passive network and go to that kind of symmetrical 5-gig or 10-gigs that I talked about earlier.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Jason, from a financial perspective, just to clear hose thinking about the CapEx simplifications. We've been doing virtual and physical node splits for years. We'll continue to do it and we've been going particularly at TWC and Ethernet Bright House for new builds and now with Legacy Charter new builds with fibers at the premise. So the things Tom is talking about are already in the numbers, and it's the type of activity we do today in the boxes, we're actually buying with those IP capabilities at cheaper prices.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: And in fact higher density digital compression.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah. It makes perfect sense. Thank you.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Jason. Operator, next question, please.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mike McCormack with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Mike L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Hey, guys, thanks. Tom, maybe a comment just on the changes in Washington from a regulatory standpoint, what that might mean for Charter. And then also may be the associated potential tax reform, what that might mean for your tax asset. And then Chris, if you don't mind, just a little more color on the stock. Above a certain threshold, how often is that threshold evaluated? Thanks.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Sure. Mike, look, we had a lot of headwinds in the previous administration from a regulatory point of view we got titled to, it didn't really affect us but it had the potential of affecting us. And I think that there is a good probability that that could be reversed, which would be the good thing for us. We were prepared to live in that world, so it's better to live in a world where you have more visibility into your investments and how they might be regulated in the future. The set-top box issue was really about Google and other companies getting access to video content without paying for it. And that appears to not be an issue going forward. And so the general proposition for a better FCC is already manifested itself in the appointment of Ajit Pai as the Chairman of the FCC and the processes that he's reforming and reviewing, all look to be better for us than the previous regime.
Mike L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Tom, on the pay patronization, is there an opportunity there from a revenue standpoint for you guys?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: You mean, if the net neutrality went away?
Mike L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Right.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: As opposed to Title II? I mean there are really different concepts. One is sort of a legal structure. And we had net neutrality without Title II previously.
Mike L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Right.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: And I didn't  I'm not sure net neutrality goes away. We don't have a business model or we didn't have a business plan to use pay per prioritization, I'd rather not have any regulation than have any  than have regulation, it's just a general proposition.
Mike L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Right.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: And let markets develop. That's  and I think that's good for us because I think we have great assets and we can manage them well. But the bigger issue for us at least today is Title 2 and its implications to other regulatory follow-on issues as opposed to what actually is going on in the market. We're actually quite comfortable with the way we sell and service our products today.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: On the tax reform, we're in favor of tax reform, but make it more efficient and more simple. And in most scenarios, it's a significant positive for Charter, even despite our large NOLs. The one piece that we think should be socialized more is the interest deductibility and how that's applied because of the implications it has for infrastructure investment generally, and when you have large network builds which is what we do, as well as other types of infrastructures, they get built across the U.S., which is a priority for the administration. And the way you finance it matters and interest deductibility plays in, and I think having the right incentives to make those investments is helpful. But we're hopeful we'll get an ear to listen to that and think through the best way to achieve the best proposal. You had asked about the price threshold on the 10b5. Without going in  I don't want to go detailed into how we think about buybacks because it's flexible and it changes over time, but generally you put tight 10b5-1 plan in place when your window is no longer open, whether that's for an executive or an insider, whether that's elf, and it's at that point in time that you set some general guidelines as to how and when and what volume you would be buying stock. And then after that point, it's very difficult to go back in and modify it until you have a clearing event, for example, like an earnings or other type of 8-K. So that's just the technical background behind the 10b5.
Mike L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Couple of questions. How far along are you in terms of your programming resets, as a combined company?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Do you mean synergies from programming, is that what you mean by resets?
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, yes, I mean, as you've gone along, you've obviously renegotiated rate, so how many (49:47)?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Well, that's why we said we wouldn't forecast future synergies, it's  we think we got the synergies that we said we would get. I think it was little over $400 million, we thought, we've said. Isn't that what we said?
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Little less, but we've said $800 million, when we originally did the -- when we originally announced the transaction, we said $800 million after three years, little less than half that might come from that, but...
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Right. So we got the synergies we believe as a result of the closing of the transaction and our management of the contracts that were in place then. Now we have to go forward and we've renegotiated an MBC deal over the fourth quarter and other deals throughout the company. And so we do think we've achieved what we thought we would and now we're in a world where, the question is, what's the future growth of programming and content cost and how does that work. And I think there is -that's a difficult thing, a rich subject.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right. Anything else from that, because I have two other follow-ups.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Well, I'll just say that we don't expect the current business model to fall apart tomorrow and we think that the historic trends are more indicative of the future than a brand new world with regard to programming.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: So what are your....
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So then, just to follow up on two other topics that you already discussed. One on regulatory reform. Is there a  it does seem like there is a likelihood of significant change, so I guess, one, does it change the way you guys think about M&A, either as a buyer or a seller? And does it open the door at all to renegotiate some of the conditions that you had to agree to?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: I don't know about the second part of your question with regard to our conditions. We have optionality in our conditions, by the way, that could be shorter and we had the right to petition. So in a better regulatory climate, there'd be a greater likelihood of achieving those reductions, you'd hope. But we were bullish on the business before the change in administration and prepared to live in the regulatory environment that was there. It appears to be better, which is good for us. That makes us more excited about the future of our business than we were previously. Does that affect our valuation of other M&A opportunities? I don't  it's hard to say, but we like our business.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: But the question was, as a buyer or a seller since there's been tons of speculation both ways.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: We don't speculate on M&A generally, so I don't really know what to say other than we like our business.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then just a last thing was  just the last question was on wireless. I mean, you've made a lot of comments on the call, much more clarity than you've given in the past, but you did say something in your prepared remarks about longer-term plans. And I'm just wondering could you give us some color on how you're thinking about that? Were you implying that you might want owner economics or you really  I mean it's clear MVNO in the near-term to medium-term. It just wasn't longer term...
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yeah, I was really trying to distinguish on the high-capacity, low-latency networks that we're experimenting with, which we think are the future of communications in many ways. Out the significant  at a significant point in time from five years or more, that our network and our infrastructure is probably the best infrastructure on which to develop those products that exist. And we're working toward understanding all the implications of the technology so that we can create an atmosphere where those products develop. It's not -- is it about  it's not about a business model yet. But we do own our plants, and we think that these assets will work on our plants. And so by implication, that's owner's economics in a new product. It's not a mobile. It's not what is considered mobility today, 4G, which we think is a bridge to a different kind of wireless world going forward.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Jessica. We have time for one more question, operator.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Sort of couple of questions. First, could you provide any more color on what you're expecting for capital investment levels this year? And also wanted to follow up on programming cost. You expect it to be in the same range as last year on a pro-forma basis in terms of growth or will we see some acceleration based on renewals? And then separately, I just want to follow-up on an earlier question on 5G. Some think that 5G backhaul actually requires fiber that coax isn't sufficient, which I don't think is right, but I want to see, if that was something that you could weigh in on. Thank you.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: I'll answer the last one. We think 5G like products doesn't necessarily require fiber in every location, it requires a high capacity interconnection between the cells. And that can be  that could be wireless too, it can be fiber and it can be coax, but it's a high-capacity inter-cell connection, if that's what you mean by backhaul .And it can be  there is more than one way to do it.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: And Bryan, on CapEx, we are not providing CapEx guidance just because we approved a budget internally, which is what we want to operationally deploy this year. It could be less than that just because of what practically can be done or could be in a position to accelerate. But from our perspective, it doesn't make sense to release such an artificial target and have the tail try to wag the dog for what's ultimately right. But if you think back to what I said, in 2017 we will be spending more on Spectrum pricing and packaging through that higher CPE placement or connect. We will restart all-digital. We will be insourcing. But offsetting some of that increase will be the benefit of synergies. So without giving specific guidance, 2017 is probably a bit higher in terms of absolute dollars than what we were performing in 2016, but it shouldn't be a dramatic change in terms of capital intensity or CapEx as a percentage of revenue. And then, I think your second question was in terms of programming outlook?
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yeah. We don't provide guidance in general, so getting into one specific line item, I don't think it's really help for us to do it on a single item, line item basis like programming. But we're doing what we expected to generally and we're not surprised by where we are and we like it.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: As much (58:01).
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: All right.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thank you, everybody.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, everyone.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc. Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc. Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.
Analysts: Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Vijay Jayant - Evercore Group LLC John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US) Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jeffrey Wlodarczak - Pivotal Research Group LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Michelle, and I will be your operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Charter's Third Quarter 2016 Investor Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Stefan Anninger. Please go ahead.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Michelle. Good morning and welcome to Charter's third quarter 2016 investor call. Presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com, under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent proxy statement and Forms 10-K and 10-Q. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call. However, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect management's current view only, and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements or make additional forward-looking statements in the future. During the course of today's call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures as defined by Charter may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. We will also refer to pro forma results. While our transactions closed on May 18, 2016, these pro forma results present information regarding the combined operations as if our transactions had closed at the beginning of the earliest period presented in order to provide a more useful discussion of our results. Please refer to the pro forma disclosures throughout today's materials, including the reconciliations provided in Exhibit 99.1 to our Form 10-Q filed today. Except for the third quarter of 2016, and unless otherwise specified, all customer and financial data referred to on this call are pro forma for the transactions as if they had closed at the beginning of the earliest period of reference. Please also note that all growth rate noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise specified. Joining me on today's call are Tom Rutledge, Chairman and CEO; and Chris Winfrey, our CFO. And with that, I will turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thank you, Stefan. Since the closing of our transaction in May, we have been focused on quickly integrating our new assets. Integration is going well, and we were able to continue to develop new services and capabilities at the same time we integrated. In late September, we began deploying our marketing strategy in the Time Warner Cable footprint, including Texas and California. That process includes launching new service  new pricing and packaging, and the rebranding of our services as Spectrum. As a result, we are already seeing better sales in those markets. As expected, these launches in September had little effect on Q3 results. However, later this month, we will roll out Spectrum in our New York City and Florida markets. By year-end, we will have branded over 50% of our service area as Spectrum. We expect to be through all of Time Warner Cable and Bright House markets by the spring of next year, with customers and financial growth benefits following over time, like they have at pre-deal Charter. On the small and medium business size, we will launch full Spectrum SMB pricing and packaging and Time Warner Cable and Bright House passings in mid-2017. Similar to residential, we will offer SMB products that are better than what the telcos offer at lower prices, driving customer growth in the same way we have at pre-deal Charter since launching SMB pricing and packaging in early 2015. We are just beginning to modify business practices, policies, and processes, which take time, and our goal is to avoid service disruptions. In-sourcing 20,000 employees will require upfront investments to train, house, and equip our own personnel. There will be a period of time when the productivity of those workers will be relatively low, preventing us from immediately reducing our outsourced workforce. Over time, however, the productivity of our insourced employee base will grow, and transactions will decline, allowing us to change our insource service mix faster. So we will invest more in each customer transaction, driving higher-quality work. That higher-quality work drives transactions out of the business, lowering transaction costs per dollar of revenue and per customer relationship. The operating and financial results of our strategy have been demonstrated at pre-deal Charter, and we expect the same type of results for the new company. We will also complete the all-digital transition at Time Warner Cable and Bright House over the next two years. Separate from the integration, we remain focused on product and network development. Over the next five years or so, with relatively small infrastructure investments, our network will be able to deliver symmetrical multi-gigabit speeds with high compute and low latency capabilities to all 50 million homes and businesses in our footprint. In addition to residential and SMB offerings, we will serve the enterprise marketplace with increasingly sophisticated and advanced products. The opportunity is meaningful, and our addressable footprint is approximately $20 billion of annual enterprise spend and today, we are capturing less than 10% of that spend. There is also large opportunities for us in the advanced advertising space. Our two-way interactive plant allows for highly efficient household addressability, and we are testing new platforms which will allow advertisers to better target, measure, and reach consumers at the household level. Finally, mobility remains an area of significant opportunity for Charter and the cable industry more broadly. We are already a significant wireless provider through our in-and-out-of-home Wi-Fi footprint, and we intend to activate our MVNO agreement with Verizon. In the near term, our goals with mobility are to drive more customer growth and extend customer life by offering an attractively priced product bundle. Over the long term, our goals will broaden. We believe there will be opportunities for us to develop new services as higher-frequency spectrum, both licensed and unlicensed, becomes available. Ultimately, our goals are consistent for any new businesses that we develop, to grow our overall business more quickly and to drive more shareholder value. Before I turn the call over to Chris Winfrey, who will cover the quarter in more detail, I wanted to highlight that we had a very strong quarter of financial results. We grew revenue by over 7% year-over-year and EBITDA growth of over 14% in part driven by transaction synergies, which are quickly benefiting our P&L, but also driven by the continued strength of our core operations at Legacy Charter. Third quarter customer results were more inconsistent with good performance at Legacy Charter and Bright House, but higher churn and downgrades in the Time Warner Cable markets, as we expected, given the way Time Warner Cable had marketed promotional pricing. Until our Spectrum pricing and packaging is launched across the newly acquired service areas, we continue to expect higher levels of churn and downgrades where Time Warner Cable was the operator. Pre-deal Charter results continue to reflect the multi-year effect of our operating plans, including 6.2% residential and SMB customer growth over the last 12 months, with 9.7% internet customer growth, 70,000 video net additions and 7.2% revenue growth without relying on rate increases. At the same time, service transactions and churn in those areas continue to come down. So our growth plan is working and our integration remains on or ahead of schedule. Nothing we have seen internally or externally has changed our optimism regarding our long-term business opportunities and growth prospects. Chris, I'll turn the call to you.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Tom. On our last quarter's call, I spent a lot of time discussing the effect of purchase accounting on our financials and the presentation of pro forma results. So I won't go through all of that again, but last quarter's presentation and transcript regarding accounting items remain helpful to investors. As Stefan mentioned, I'll refer to the third quarter 2016 actual results versus prior year pro forma results, as comparisons to third quarter 2015 actuals aren't so helpful. The customer passings data that you see in today's materials continue to be based on legacy company definitions. And in a few quarters' time, we'll recap customer data and the trending schedules using the same common definitions. Until then, certain takeaways, penetration and ARPU remained relevant for the legacy entity trends, but they're less helpful in comparing one entity to another. Turning to customers and PSUs. During the third quarter, total customer relationships grew year-over-year by 5.1%, including 4.5% at Legacy TWC, 6.2% at Legacy Charter and 5.9% at Legacy Bright House. As slide 8 shows, we grew residential PSUs by 336,000 versus 605,000 on a pro forma basis last year. The lower year-over-year PSU net adds was primarily driven by fewer voice net additions this quarter, partly due to a low-price voice offer in TWC markets in prior year quarters, which is now resulting in higher voice downgrades and relationship churn. Over the last year, TWC residential video customers declined by about 0.5%, pre-deal Charter grew its residential video customer base by 1.2%, and Bright House lost about 2.6% of its residential video customers. Quarterly video customer performance improved year-over-year at pre-deal Charter and at Bright House, while TWC video net loss was 54,000 worse than last year, primarily driven by an increase in video downgrade activity, given Legacy pricing and packaging issues. So in total, we lost 47,000 residential video customers in the quarter, primarily driven by the losses at TWC. In residential internet, we added a total of 350,000 customers versus 369,000 last year. Our total residential internet customer base grew by 1.6 million customers, or 8.2% over the past year. In voice, we grew customers by 33,000 versus 256,000 last year, largely driven by higher churn at TWC for the reasons I already mentioned. Over the last year, total pro forma residential customers grew by 1.1 million or by 4.8%. And over the same period, residential revenue per customer was up by about 1.8%, nearly all of which was driven by TWC rate increases early in the year and step-ups which impacted unit growth. Slide 9 shows our customer growth combined with our ARPU growth resulted in year-over-year pro forma residential revenue growth of 6.7%. Total commercial revenue, SMB and enterprise combined, grew by 12.1%, a bit slower than last quarter, driven by lower cell tower growth and one-time benefit at NaviSite last year. Finally, advertising was up 12.1%. And, absent political, advertising revenue grew roughly 2%. In total, third quarter pro forma revenue for the company was up 7.4% year-over-year. Looking at total revenue growth by each of our Legacy companies, TWC revenue grew by 7.7%, with nearly half of residential growth still coming rate. Pre-deal Charter grew by 7.2%, driven predominantly by continued customer growth. And Bright House revenue grew by 6.6%, where their Florida markets continued to do well. Within operating expense, in both current and historical periods, we've reclassified a number of operating expense items between lines. And as I mentioned last quarter, we do expect some ongoing remapping of our expenses as we move expense categories to the correct business unit in our operating structure. Total operating expenses grew by $234 million, or 3.8% year-over-year, with transition expense accounting for $32 million of our total OpEx this quarter. Programming increased 8.2% year-over-year, driven by contractual rate increases, partially offset by transaction synergies. I expect our programming line and year-over-year programming comparisons to be more representative on a pro forma basis by Q4, or at least by Q1. Turning to regulatory, connectivity and produced content expense, these direct costs were down about 3% year-over-year, in part due to the purchase accounting adjustment made to the Dodgers contract that I discussed last quarter. The Dodgers' right costs are only expensed during the regular MLB season, both in the past and today. Cost to service customers declined by about 2% despite overall customer growth of 5.1%, which reflects lower service transactions at Legacy Charter, the lack of all-digital activity at TWC this quarter versus last year's third quarter, and some benefit from less physical disconnects in all-digital markets. And other expenses grew by 7.9%, driven by higher corporate and administrative labor costs, including advertising sales costs, enterprise sales, and higher year-over-year IT spend at Legacy TWC. The expense was partly offset by overhead reductions. Adjusted EBITDA, which excludes non-cash share-based compensation, grew by 14.5%. And excluding transition costs, adjusted EBITDA grew by 15.1%. That growth includes continued growth in Legacy Charter, excluding synergies, at a level well above revenue growth. And absent transaction synergies and merger accounting effects and labor for all-digital center TWC in 2015, consolidated Charter adjusted EBITDA was probably growing just above the total revenue growth rate. We have identified nearly $90 million of hard transaction synergies realized within the third quarter, which had a positive impact on the financial statements and was growing through the quarter. As various small projects have naturally come under review, there are additional benefits outside of the $90 million inside the quarter to the income statement, some of which could drive sustainably lower spend on discretionary initiatives, which will be harder to track definitively, and some of which may just be a temporary pause. Going the opposite direction, some overhead groups continue to be double-staffed as we prepare to transition systems and processes starting in Q4 and for many areas like billing, provisioning, IT, and engineering, that will persist into 2017. So net-net, those puts and takes will continue for a while, but there were roughly $350 million of annualized hard transaction synergies already in the Q3 numbers, and we have concretely identified $700 million in run rate transaction synergies, which should be achieved at the first anniversary of the closing. The amounts and quality of these estimates continues to improve with time, and we continue to expect to significantly exceed the $800 million target after three years. Legacy Charter, without any synergy benefit, continues to be a good proxy for how we expect subscribers and financials to develop once our Spectrum pricing and packaging is fully deployed. Over the next few quarters, our operating results will reflect reversing certain product and packaging strategies, in particular at TWC, in which in our view are not sustainable, given high promotional roll-offs and annual rate increases, high customer equipment fees, including modem fees, all coupled with complex and stacked offers. Our goal is to transition to new pricing and packaging in a revenue-accretive manner. But the revenue growth rate at TWC will probably be lower until Spectrum pricing and packaging is fully deployed, relationship growth accelerates, and a systematic approach to roll-offs and retention are in place. In addition, we expect to spend more OpEx for service operations and capital for all-digital through 2018, similar to Legacy Charter. But what will be different than the Legacy Charter experience is that we will have transaction synergies and growth from Legacy Charter operations to finance much of that incremental spending. And there is more on the TWC and Bright House base that's already been digitized, and we have lower unit cost on boxes. Turning to net income on slide 11, we generated $189 million in net income attributable to Charter shareholders in the third quarter versus $2 million on a pro forma basis last year, with the growth driven by higher adjusted EBITDA and a gain on financial instruments from currency movements on our British pound debt and related hedging. That was partly offset by transaction-related expense, including severance expense and higher depreciation and amortization driven by purchase price accounting step-ups. Turning to slide 12. Capital expenditures totaled $1.75 billion, including $109 million of transition spend. Excluding transition CapEx, our third quarter CapEx was down by $36 million year-over-year, about 2%, driven by one all-digital spending at TWC, primarily on CPE, which did not recur in the third quarter of this year; two, prior-year support capital spending at TWC, including real-estate investments and network facilities, both of which were offset by investments in product development, which fall into scalable infrastructure. Looking ahead, we expect our annual capital spending to rise once we restart all-digital in 2017. As slide 13 shows, we generated $1 billion in free cash flow in the third quarter versus $208 million of actual, not pro forma free cash flow in the third quarter of last year. That growth was largely driven by higher adjusted EBITDA, given the close of our transactions. And although we don't provide pro forma free cash flow for the third quarter of 2015, on a pro forma basis, adjusted EBITDA, less CapEx, grew by 28% in the third quarter versus the prior year. We finished the third quarter with $60.2 billion in principal amount of debt. Our run rate annualized cash interest expense was $3.3 billion, whereas our P&L interest expense would suggest a $2.9 billion annual run rate. The P&L difference to cash stems from the revaluation of acquired TWC debt on our GAAP balance sheet as part of purchase accounting. As of the end of the third quarter, our total net debt to last 12 month pro forma adjusted EBITDA was 4.2 times. Our long-term target leverage remains at 4 to 4.5 times, and we continue to target the lower end of that range. We are de-leveraging rapidly, and we can use that excess capacity in a number of ways. The priorities remain investment in the business, accretive M&A when available or returning capital to shareholders in the form of share repurchases. During the third quarter, we repurchased 1.1 million Charter shares for $281 million at an average price of about $267 per share. Share repurchase activity will continue to depend on market conditions and other potential uses of capital. And we will be opportunistic, similar to what we did in 2011, where we provided liquidity in size at a fair price to institutional sellers. Our goal is to retain full strategic flexibility and not become trapped by formulaic capital allocation guidance on buybacks. Finally, turning to our tax assets on slide 15, we estimate that the total value of those assets is in excess of $6 billion and is comprised of our excess basis, large NOLs, and a valuable tax-sharing agreement with Advance/Newhouse. We don't currently expect to be a material cash income taxpayer until at least 2018, maybe not until 2019. And even then, our cash taxes as a percentage of GAAP pre-tax income, excluding the impact of higher D&A from purchase accounting, should be below statutory rates for seven years thereafter. Operator, we are now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Okay. Your first question comes from Jason Bazinet from Citi. Your line is open.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks. I just had a quick question regarding some of the over-the-top sort of linear offers that are out in the marketplace and more that are coming. What strikes me as unusual about them is the relatively low ARPUs. And I was just wondering, as you guys assess the competitive landscape, do you view those as sort of below their marginal cost, or is there something that you are aware of like fixed-price contracts or something like that that makes those retail ARPUs that are going to be in the marketplace maybe not indicative of the long-run price points? Thanks.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Jason, this is Tom. From what I have seen, the descriptions of the product sets are consistent with the price. And so I don't think they are below price. But I also don't think they are full packages, as I have seen them described.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): So, like, for example, I mean, DTV Now is out there at $35. It looks like a pretty robust offer. What would be the thing that you think makes that sort of missing? What is missing from that lineup relative to your video offering?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: I don't think all the broadcast signals are in it.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Is there anything else that you think will be missing?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Well, I can't say I know off the top of my head everything that is in it, but...
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, all right. But the way you are assessing the marketplace is ...
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: But what's in it, what I have seen is in it is  doesn't add up to the price. So I think it does have some margin in it.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, all right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Moffett from MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Hi, thank you. Two questions on wireless, if I could. One, just a clarification, you said that you were going to trigger the MVNO with Verizon. Has Verizon confirmed the full availability of the MVNO, the transferability from TWC to a new owner? And, if so, are there any restrictions on the footprints that you can use it in? And then, second, so you disclosed that you started buying back stock. Is there any interaction between spending that you might do on wireless and the rate at which you repurchase shares? I saw an SEC filing in which you indicated some expectation of having your own facilities in wireless.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: So to the first question, we've had fruitful discussions with Verizon, but I don't want to characterize them beyond that. And with regard to our licenses, yes, we've asked the SEC for the right to experiment with what people call millimeter wave technologies in several markets so that we can learn how to use those products to our advantage competitively.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: I think, Craig, at this point, from a cash flow perspective, whether you think about the MVNO or some advance testing, this is not at a stage where it's material at all to cash flow. And so, again, we're not going to trap ourselves with buyback guidance, because we're always going to look for ways to reinvest in the business or apply it to more accretive M&A to the extent it exists. But that hasn't factored into our thinking right now as a significant source of capital yet in the short term.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: All right. That's helpful. Thank you.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Operator, we'll take our next question, please?
Operator: Okay. Your next question comes from Marci Ryvicker from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Just a clarification. When you roll out Spectrum, it feels like investors are anticipating a big negative in terms of ARPU or revenue per customer relationship. Can you just talk to that a little bit more?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: It didn't happen at Charter, and we went through the exact same process. So Legacy Charter, when, in 2012, we went through this before, had high-priced boxes, low-value products. And it meant that maybe the ARPU lift for customer relationship wasn't as high as it could have been if you were banging on rates, but our growth took off. And I think people are focusing on the wrong thing of trying to focus on the ARPU as opposed to talking about customer relationship growth. And that's the real value of the growth strategy over time as opposed to how much rate can you take.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. And then when you talk about opportunistic and accretive M&A, we're assuming that you don't have anything imminent in mind and it would most likely not be content, but more something tuck-in to help your strategy.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: You'd like us to lay out our M&A strategy here.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: And what's imminent.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Look, if we had anything that was material and probable, we'd have to disclose it here. That's about the best I can say.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Philip Cusick from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Thanks. A follow-up first and then a question. Chris, I know you don't want to get trapped into guiding on the buyback. But you talked about providing liquidity to the market in the past, whereas this time, you were buying in what was a fairly high period of demand at relatively high prices. How do you think about the buyback in terms of being opportunistic? And how did the board come up with the $750 million over a six-month period?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Well, I don't know that I should be getting into our board's thinking, but that was the number that we got. And obviously, management like as much flexibility as we could have. The opportunistic part means in 2011 there were periods of disruption where institutional investors approached us and we were able to provide them liquidity. There's all the other traditional ways of going back and buying back stock, whether there's high market demand, low market demand. At the end of the day, it's just a view on what you think the growth profile of the company is and where the stock will be several years out as opposed to the next few months. If you have views on what you think the stock is worth over a multi-year period, does it look attractive? And we thought it did, and we executed on some buybacks under that authority.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And second, CapEx this quarter, fairly low. I think you talked about delaying the all-digital migration. Should we expect that to be up a little bit in 4Q as you get ready for more digital conversions? And then if you can give us any preview on 2017, where it might be versus the $6.9 billion that was outlined in the proxy? Thank you.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yeah, the proxy was based on a business plan of nearly two years ago. So, frankly, I don't even remember what the number was. There's nothing that's changed in our thoughts about the trajectory of CapEx over time. But we closed six months later, and if we see opportunities to pull investment in faster, we will. So I don't want to be tethered to what we were laying out then. The trajectory is the same. And for 2017, I don't even know how much we're doing in terms of all-digital in 2017 versus 2018. That's going to be one of the large drivers. So we're not going to get into the mode of being trapped by that CapEx guidance either. But we expect the capital intensity to decline over time once we get through the all-digital.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yeah, we haven't actually done our budget yet, so we don't know what we're going to spend in 2017.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Operator, we'll take our next question, please?
Operator: Okay. Your next question comes from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. Chris, just going back to the synergy and investments, maybe you can help us think about the cadence. On the programming cost side, are you basically recognizing or have you already gotten all of the benefit from rolling to Time Warner Cable's rate card? You talked about fourth quarter being a little more of a normalized number. Maybe you could just give us some color as to why. And on the other side of it, your slide  can't remember the number, that shows insourcing, it looks like the insourcing has started. I don't know if you can give us a sense, even qualitatively, as to how far along you are in terms of hiring those 20,000 people or if most of that's still ahead of us. And then I have a follow-up for Tom.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yeah. So, look, we're intentionally not getting into it line by line as it relates to the synergy targets or what's been realized because, frankly, from an investor perspective, I don't know that it matters that much. So there's one thing to talk about, the one-time synergy and other thing is to talk about the growth curve and programming cost once you've had that synergy over a multi-year period. And those are really distinct items. So for all the obvious reasons, we're not going to go line by line. I think, the key thing for investors to understand is that we started off, I think, when we announced the transaction, thinking it would be around $400 million in the first year  at the end of the first year annualized. When we financed it, it was at $500 million. Last quarter, it was at $600 million. This quarter, we are confirming that it is $700 million at the end of year one run rate and that we're going to significantly exceed the $800 million original target for the run rate at the end of three years. So that's what really matters, and that's what different from Charter, is going to help us fund a lot of the investments that we're doing and have a slightly different net growth curve financially for the new company. From a programming expense line perspective, I guess the only thing I would tell you is, one, even though you step into a rate card that has nothing to do  that doesn't give you any indication of what the slope was and the growth rate could continue to be high on the rate card you stepped into. But we're not accruing against the contractual rate card which we're billing. Beyond that, I'll just leave it at that. And for all the obvious reasons, we're not going to go much deeper into the topic.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And any color on how many of those heads have been brought in already that we are seeing in the P&L?
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: No. I think, this is more about changing the activity and rerouting along the way. We talk publicly about the fact that we are already building call centers and we were doing that rapidly. So that process has started, but it is very early on, which is the intent of that very light shading on the  I don't know what page it is in the presentation, but we did give a page that is designed to show the progression of all the different operating initiatives as we see it today.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes. Got it. And then just Tom, going back to your comments on enterprise, we hear that a lot from a lot of the cable operators and it's obviously a big opportunity but also one that I don't think we've seen anyone really crack the code on yet. Do you believe you can build all the expertise and product offering, sales force, et cetera to go after enterprise meaningfully? Or do you think you need to buy assets, either network assets or expertise to really capture that when you look at it what seems to be, I think, you said a $20 billion opportunity in your footprint?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: I do think we can build it. And I think that we can change the definition of the product set that works in that marketplace as well, coming at it from a non-incumbent perspective. But one of the advantages of the new company and the new footprint is the regionality that has been picked up in terms of our asset base, previously Charter was less of a percentage of DMA in most markets that we operated in. And as a result of that, we had marketing inefficiencies. We couldn't use mass media in a lot of places. And the same effect actually impedes enterprise growth because of the regional nature of a lot of enterprises and the multi-site facilities that larger enterprises have and the inability to serve those consistently when you have a spindly footprint. And so the improvement in the footprint actually improves the opportunity that the enterprise market presents to us, as well as the fact that it's -- I mean the big news is we have great technologies. We have the ability to put those technologies everywhere we operate and we're really underpenetrated. And to me that lots of upside.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you both.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Operator, we'll take our next question please.
Operator: Thanks. Your next question comes from Vijay Jayant from Evercore. Your line is open.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore Group LLC: Thank you. So just referring to your presentation on page four, based on the timeline set out there, it sort of appears that your KPI gross ads should start increasing starting in 4Q, although you still have the churn associated with Time Warner Cable, as you called out. And then, ARPU step-ups should start really in 4Q 2017, given the step-ups that we expect. But sort of looking at your insourcing, it sort of looks like three years, but where in that cycle does the duplicate cost start rolling off? Because from what I remember on the heritage Charter timeline, it was like a six-quarter period for elevated costs. Is that similarly the arc we should be thinking about for the new integration?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yeah. So, Vijay, you are going to  I'd love to lay out our own model for you here, but I can't. I think, the  what I would tell you is that the fourth quarter comment you made about volume significantly ramping already in the fourth quarter is  I don't see that in the cards. Most of what we are doing for Spectrum pricing and packaging isn't beginning until mid-November and then continuing through December. So as that soaks through the marketplace, and even then, it's only half of the acquired footprint that would have been taken through Spectrum pricing and packaging. So I think we would be getting ahead of ourselves. I think, it's fair to start looking at the business and thinking about it conservatively once Spectrum pricing and packaging is fully deployed across all the markets. And that's the right time to start thinking through. Already, where we have gone as Spectrum pricing and packaging, we are seeing uplift in sales, and it is material, and it is what we would expect, and it is what we saw at Charter. As it relates to these different initiatives that you described on the OpEx side, you know, the curve could look a lot like Charter. Offsetting that is going to be the fact that we have transaction synergies here which we did not have in the previous Charter experience which will buffer that. And in addition to that, you have legacy Charter, which is still a large portion of the footprint that's growing at a very fast pace, not just from customer relationships. And -- but because our service transactions are coming down, our EBITDA growth, last time that we could really look at it on a completely standalone basis, far outstrip the revenue growth. I mentioned that was without taking a bunch of rate. So I'm going to say it again. I know everybody is focused on how much ARPU can you get, but this isn't an ARPU-driven strategy. It's a customer growth driven strategy, and it's one that's designed to take transactions out of the business. We did get some ARPU growth over time at legacy Charter. I think that will happen here too. But that's not going to define our success one way or another.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yes, it's really revenue per passing that you are looking at.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Correct. And that's achieved through higher pre-issues per household and higher penetration per product and customer relationship growth. Those are the ones that matter.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore Group LLC: And if I could just follow-up on Spectrum Guide rollout on the heritage Charter, how is that going? And are we downloading both on VOD and IP, and is it scaling and all of that? Thanks.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Is that the UI question?
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yes.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore Group LLC: Yes.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yes, look, we're rolling that out across the historic Charter footprint, and we're prepared to roll out next year inside the new price and packaging rollouts, not at the beginning of the year, but more towards the middle of the year. And we will  that will become our standard user interface on every incremental sale that we make. And it will also be an opportunity for our existing customer base to change out, without a change in hardware, their UI based on whatever need they might have and whenever they might want to make that occur. So it's going well, and it's being rolled, and it is our game plan.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore Group LLC: Great. Thank you so much.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Vijay.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Operator, next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Hodulik from UBS. Your line is open.
John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Great, thank you. First a follow-up on the buyback question. You guys did $280 million in the buyback versus $1 billion in cash flow. Should we think of the $750 million authorization as sort of a cap on repurchases between now and when you restart the all-digital? And maybe if you could talk  I know, you want don't want to get caught in the formulaic sort of equation here, but maybe the pacing on finishing that $750 million or does the board look at this sort of periodically? I would imagine there are some people on the board that really like buybacks. And then, secondly, on the sub losses, you said that you would see the dislocation in Time Warner Cable through the repackaging and re-pricing. Do things get better or worse from here? Is there some hump that we get over, or is this 60,000 number a good number going forward for that time being? Thanks.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: We may have to come back to the second question. I am not sure I could totally follow it. But the  on the first question, you'll see in the 10-Q that we file today that the board is authorized to start the clock anew following this Q3 earnings for the six month window with the $750 million authorization. So effectively a reset. And so we continue to have, as we sit here today, $750 million available to us to be opportunistic over time.
John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Okay. And on the subs, you said there would be dislocation on the Time Warner Cable properties until you finish the pricing and packaging. Is the level of losses that we saw this quarter about right through that period, or is there anything in terms of your plan that suggests it might get a little bit worse or get better through that period?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: No. We're working on ways of moderating that simultaneously to the rollout of pricing and packaging. So even if we weren't rolling out pricing and packaging, which had a positive benefit to churn, we've done other things in our whole relationship process, which is difficult to do during a transition process, but we're making changes where we can to the benefit of the consumer and trying to preserve the customer base while we rollout new pricing and packaging. So I wouldn't say that the number this quarter is a proxy for all future quarters until pricing and packaging is rolled out. But pricing and packaging will be fully rolled out by spring. And the question, then, is how fast does that flow through the business in a corrective way. But if you look at what we did at Charter, a substantial amount of the customer base turns over every year into new pricing and packaging through both churn activity and through upgrade activity. And so it's a difficult thing to model. But we're coming at it both ways, both from creating a value proposition in the pricing and packaging we have, and doing those smart things that you can do with an existing customer base that's mispriced to move them in the right direction.
John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Operator, next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Jessica Reif Cohen from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. I wanted to follow-up on something Tom said in the opening remarks. Tom, you talked about testing addressable advertising. Can you give us some color on what your plans are there and when you'll actually scale up? Your advertising numbers are already probably better than anybody. But what is it that you're planning and how big can it be?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Well, we have ambitions to make it a bigger business. And it's good right now. It's a political season, obviously. But in terms of the new company, we'll immediately start selling data-infused advertising in 2017. And we believe that that will give us a lift over our historic pattern of advertising growth because our products will be worth more to our advertising. And we have a whole series of products that go forward from that. But, essentially, we have the ability to put ads where we want to put them and to who we want to put them. And that capability should create a different value relationship with advertisers.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then just a separate follow-up. Just a little bit of focus on wireless today. What do you think the timing to come to market will be with the wireless product?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Well, as we go down the path of an MVNO, it doesn't mean that we launch in an immediate fashion. It's a substantial business and requires significant planning and I would think that it would be well toward the end of the year, if not the following year, before the business is actually substantial, meaning end of 2017, following into 2018.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Operator, next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Chaplin from New Street Research. Your line is open.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): Thanks. Just to follow-up on the last question on wireless. When you say that it would probably be the end of 2017 into 2018 before the business is substantial, are you thinking in terms of before you've got a significant number of customers, or it will take you that amount of time to roll an offering out across your entire footprint? And then I'm wondering if you could talk in a little bit more detail about how the economics of the product evolved from what it looks like with the MVNO to where you think it goes as you begin to be able to leverage 5G capabilities in conjunction with the wireless product.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Well, I think to answer your question, it's the latter. It's really just standing up the business that I was talking about, not having a substantial customer count. And with regard to where it goes, I think the MVNO is an opportunity to create a high-quality product intermixed with our existing high-quality products and create value for customers. And that has a tremendous potential to make the existing business model work better. With regard to how that gets integrated, no, I think 5G-type technologies or millimeter wave technologies or small cell, high frequency, high capacity, low latency wireless networks are products that we will develop. They may or may not be connected to an MVNO relationship or a mobility relationship. I think that there are opportunities to create wireless drops in certain cases, so direct wireless connections that mimic a physical connection, to connect malls and other things in the enterprise space and buildings that are not contiguous or have big parking lots or, in some cases, low density areas, it might make some sense. And so the technology platform of these small high-capacity cells can work in a myriad of ways, both as line extension devices, as well as in-home devices that don't necessarily require mobility off property, in-office devices that don't require mobility off property. So they don't have to be necessarily developed as a mobile service. So we're going to explore both paths.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): Thank you.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Operator, next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Kannan Venkateshwar from Barclays. Your line is open.
Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. Just a couple of questions from me. First, on programming cost, Chris, there's been a little bit of a difference between your trajectory and Comcast, and I'm guessing some of that is just the renewal cycle being different. But is there also any differences in terms of content portfolios? Comcast has been public about having full stacking rights and having the top 100 shows on TV and so on. So is there some differences in terms of what you guys are going for in terms of programming costs, which is defining some of the trajectory? And, secondly, Tom, from a competitive pressure perspective, we are seeing a lot more news flow about companies like Google and potentially Amazon and, of course, the DirecTV Now kind of packages coming in. How are you thinking about competition from the virtual over buildouts potentially in your footprint going forward? Thanks.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: I'll answer the first question. I think the more likely difference, since we don't know what Comcast programming agreements cost or what they are, is still timing, if you're trying to compare the two companies, trajectory in any one fiscal year, because it is a lumpy kind of business. But that's speculative, without having any real information other than my experience.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: And the transaction synergies that we have already.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yes.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Charter Communications, Inc.: So....
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Yeah.
Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So just as a follow-up on that, is it fair to say that over time, as the renewal cycles catch up, the trajectory maybe over a four-year or a five-year period looks similar?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: They tend to converge over a longer period of time historically, whether they're seeking different rights than us or not, I don't know.
Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: So if there were different rights structures and people were paying different amounts for those, and the industry practice is diverged, that wouldn't be true. But historically, it is true that they tend to converge over time. With regard to competition, how do we think about it? We think we have a great physical infrastructure and that it's underpenetrated, and that we have tremendous growth in front of us. We take our competitors seriously. We try to build better products than they do. And we think that we'll be able to continue to do that for the foreseeable future. We think we'll win based on our pricing, packaging, and product mix. We think we'll win based on our service business. And we think that the network that we have is underdeveloped in terms of its capabilities.
Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. Thank you.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Operator we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Okay. Your next question will come from Jeff Wlodarczak from Pivotal Research. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Wlodarczak - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Good morning guys. A couple for Tom. Following up on that last question, how important is it for you all to offer additional skinnier TV packages, and where are you on launching those type of offerings? And then, the FCC recently had a ruling on ISP data privacy. What are likely effects on you all from that ruling?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: So with regard to skinny packages, generally, the product sets that people offer in the market that are less than full services are available to us. And we've done experiments, although interestingly, the rate of customers that take full packages from us is increasing. So we're growing our video business and the ratio, the mix of full-service product, what people would think of as a fat package, I guess, is actually increasing. So when we look at our opportunity, if we think there's a niche of market that could work with the products that are available, and they all have limitations in terms of being targetable to the non-subscribing marketplace, which generally is lower income and out of the full-package market because of their income. And so we have the ability, I think, to continue to compete in that space if a product becomes available to us that actually satisfies a segment of the marketplace that's currently un-served. So far, we haven't found that magic mixture. We have sold some skinny packages ourselves. We continue to sell them. But the mix is actually going heavier. So I think about it as an evolving landscape. To the extent that content companies want to let us sell in smaller packages that have lower penetrations, we'd be glad to take advantage of that.
Jeffrey Wlodarczak - Pivotal Research Group LLC: And then, the FCC's ruling on ISP data processing?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Oh, sorry. Look, it was worse than it ended up. And we'd rather not have an inconsistent regulatory environment for us as ISPs relative to edge providers. And we think that's really long, but it came a lot closer to the FTC model, not the FCC model, as originally proposed. And it's better, not perfect, but it's better.
Jeffrey Wlodarczak - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Got it. Thanks very much, guys.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff.
Stefan Anninger - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thanks, everybody. That's it for our call. See you in next quarter.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Charter Communications, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-09 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Stefan Anninger - Vice President, Investor Relations Thomas M. Rutledge - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Christopher L. Winfrey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive VP
Analysts: Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US) Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Michelle, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Charter Second Quarter 2016 Investor Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Stefan Anninger. Please go ahead.
Stefan Anninger - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks, Michelle. Good morning and welcome to Charter's second quarter 2016 investor call. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website, ir.charter.com, under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent Forms 10-K and 10-Q. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call; however, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect management's current view only, and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements or to make additional forward-looking statements in the future. During the course of today's call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures, as defined by Charter, may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. On today's call we will also refer to pro forma results, while our transactions closed on May 18, 2016, these pro forma results present information regarding the combined operations as if our transactions had closed at the beginning of the earliest period presented in order to provide a more useful discussion of our results. Please refer to the pro forma disclosures throughout today's materials, including the reconciliations provided in Exhibit 99.1 to our form 10-Q filed today. All growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise specified. Joining me on today's call are Tom Rutledge, President and CEO; and Chris Winfrey, our CFO. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Stefan. On May 18, we closed our transaction with Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks, creating a new company with a bigger and a significantly more concentrated footprint giving us the local and national scale to integrate and grow faster. Our high capacity network now reaches nearly 49 million homes and businesses and we have over 25 million residential and business customers in attractive markets. Our ability to use mass media effectively has increased from approximately 50% of passings at Legacy Charter to the mid-90% range today. This gives us better local sales, marketing and branding capabilities, service delivery and field operations, efficiencies and a greater ability to reach and serve medium and large commercial customers. The new scale will accelerate video and advanced advertising product development and deepen our wireless service offerings over time. There are also meaningful one-time transaction synergies which will prove higher than previously outlined. Nevertheless, the execution of Charter's high growth, customer focused operating strategy across a larger service footprint remains the largest contributor to shareholder value in our plans. Since the close, we found what we thought we would. And we put in place a single centralized operating and financial control structure. We're standardizing our business practices and processes including the IT service infrastructure which will be completed over the two plus years, as well as our products, pricing and packaging across all of our regions over the next year. And finally, we'll continue to develop and launch new products and services which position Charter for long-term growth. At closing, all of our employees were mapped to their respective business units and executives based on our operating model. Today the bulk of our 90,000 plus employees remain in the field, inside our operating regions and call centers. We've already began in-sourcing efforts for the new company. The process of in-sourcing will take several years and will require that we hire 20,000 people, train them and equip them with trucks, tools and test equipment and house them in new and expanded facilities. That process has already started as we are building Charter's first Spanish language call center in McAllen, Texas with approximately 600 seats. Ultimately, with a more local work force, we'll perform higher quality transactions with customers which we expect will improve customer satisfaction, reduce transactions and costs and extend average customer lives thereby growing our customer base and cash flow efficiently. In the fall, we will begin to rebrand Time Warner Cable and Bright House and launch our Spectrum pricing and packaging in a number of key markets totaling over 40% of our acquired passings with the remainder in the first half of 2017. On the small and medium business side, we'll launch the full Spectrum small business product, pricing and packaging in TWC and Bright House markets in early and mid-2017 In 2017, the all-digital project at Time Warner Cable and Bright House markets will use the Charter all-digital strategy, which uses fully functioning two-way set-top boxes with video on demand and advanced guide functionality on every TV outlet. We expect the project to be completed by 2018. We will also extend our practice of performing electronic connections instead of physical truck rolls as we go all-digital, allowing us to fully scale our self-installation and self-service practices. Our plan is to have Spectrum Guide available in most Legacy Charter markets by the end of this year. We will launch Spectrum Guide in TWC's larger markets by the middle of 2017 and other TWC and Bright House markets following through the year and likely continuing through 2018 as we complete the all-digital project. Now that we're closed, we're running a Wi-Fi network in public spaces throughout the country as well as on a widely distributed indoor terrestrial wireless network. Which combined with MVNO opportunities and other wireless building blocks should allow us to create products and services with a high value proposition. Over time, we'll have more to discuss on this subject. Chris will cover the second quarter results in more detail in a moment, but the overview is that Legacy Charter continued to perform very well in the quarter, with better subscriber growth than the prior year and on a standalone basis through closing, Legacy Charter continued to show double-digit in improving EBITDA growth. Bright House also improved its customer performance year-over-year. While Bright House has benefited from Frontier's acquisition of certain FiOS properties, it should be noted that because most of its footprint is in Florida it is subject to greater second quarter seasonality than both Charter and Time Warner Cable. Legacy Time Warner Cable is in better shape than just a couple of years ago, with growth in customer relationships. During the second quarter last year, Time Warner had a very aggressive voice promotion, making voice net add comparisons with this third quarter negative. However, our second quarter pro forma results have to be seen in context because they reflect the continuation of previous operating strategies much of which are different from our plan. Through different metrics and stages of development, we can see that TWC and more recently, Bright House had both become reliant on rate increases and retention offers, each of which has various short and long-term effects including encouraging customers to initiate more transactions. We've addressed these types of issues at Legacy Charter and we'll do so at TWC and Bright House during the Spectrum pricing and packaging migration. Generally though, we're very pleased with how TWC and Bright House managed the assets through closing. Our pro forma total customer relationships increased by 173,000 during the second quarter compared to 54,000 last year. And our year-over-year pro forma revenue growth of 6.6% and pro forma adjusted EBITDA growth of 9% in Q2 demonstrates the health of our business. We will make the necessary investments using the same approach we used at Charter to put the new assets on the right long-term growth strategy. The big difference today is that we have an established management team with experience running our operating plan. And TWC and Bright House are in better condition than Legacy Charter was four years ago. And we have meaningful transaction synergies which will help offset short-term effects and investments we need to make to create long-run operating momentum in the marketplace. Now, I'll turn it over to Chris.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive VP: Thanks, Tom. I'll largely focus on pro forma results as comparisons to prior-year actuals aren't helpful given the size of the transactions. Before going there though, I think it makes sense to get set the baseline for the new company by walking back through the basic building blocks. On slide 8, you should see a summary sources and uses statement for the transactions. On the left-hand side of the slide under Sources, you can see that the amount of debt that we issued for our transactions totaled approximately $23.8 billion composed of $21.8 billion for the TWC transaction and $2 billion for the Bright House transaction. We also assumed approximately $22.5 billion principal value of TWC investment grade debt already in place. And we issued approximately $33 billion in Charter stock to Legacy TWC shareholders valued at the closing date, about $10.2 billion to Advance/Newhouse in the form of preferred and common partnership units also valued at the closing date, and $5 billion in stock to Liberty Broadband and Liberty Interactive in exchange for cash valued at the signing of the deals, all totaling about $96 billion in sources and uses for our transactions. And other than the impact of a higher Charter share price at closing, the sources and uses were essentially as we outlined at signing. From the beginning, we carefully structured our transactions with TWC and Bright House in order to achieve a number of operating, tax and financing objectives. By providing pari-passu bank loan security to investment grade bondholders, we now have access to virtually all pockets of the debt markets, including long dated low-cost financing without separate financing silos. The debt we issued to finance our transactions was placed in the investment-grade market, the term loan market, and in the high-yield market. And as slide 9 indicates, our total debt outstanding now stands at just over $60 billion compared to our June 30 market cap of approximately $71 billion. Our weighted average cost of debt is 5.5%, 87% of which is fixed, with an average maturity of 11.5 years and close to 90% due after 2019. Excluding the impact of purchase price accounting which revalued assumed TWC debt to fair market value on the balance sheet, our total net debt to last 12 month pro forma adjusted EBITDA was 4.4 times. It was 4.2 times pro forma for year one run rate synergy estimates. Our target leverage range remains at 4 times to 4.5 times, and we'll target the lower end of that range. We've also committed to remain at 3.5 times or below the first lien level for CCO and maintain eligibility for inclusion in the Investment Grade Index. Given our EBITDA growth profile and positive cash flow, we expect to delever rapidly, providing us with excess capacity relative to our leverage targets. We could use that excess capacity in a number of ways, but in order of priority: we'll invest in our business, including areas that provide faster and more sustainable growth; pursue accretive M&A when available and ready; return capital to shareholders in the form of share repurchases; and if we had no better use of cash or determined it prudent to reduce our target leverage, we'll pay down debt. Turning to our ownership structure, as slide 10 shows, as of June 30, public shareholders held 68% of Charter. Liberty Broadband and Liberty Interactive together held an economic and ownership stake in Charter of approximately 19%. On an as-converted and as-exchanged basis of its partnership units, Advance/Newhouse held an economic stake in Charter approximately 13% and had governance through its corresponding B share at the corporate level. We currently have 13 board members, composed of eight unaffiliated board members including Tom, our Chairman, three Liberty-related board members and two Advance/Newhouse affiliated board members. The right-hand side of slide 10, you'll see that at closing, Charter had approximately 270 million shares outstanding, however, including the impact of Advance/Newhouse fully converting and exchanging its common and preferred partnership units, Charter's outstanding shares totaled 311 million. Those partnership units are exchangeable at any time, so it makes sense for investors to include those partnership units on an as converted and as exchanged basis when evaluating Charter's total equity value in most share-based metrics. So, now, let's continue to only look at the outstanding shares, which drives large differences in reported market capitalization. Turning to the presentation of our financials on slide 11, the slide lists some of the key transaction related accounting items, some of which are one-time in nature. Starting with revenue at the top of the slide, our pro forma results eliminate a number of revenue items including within Legacy TWC revenue, the management fee from Bright House that previously existed. And in consolidation, affiliate fees for the Dodgers and Lakers RSNs that TWC received from Charter and Bright House. Additionally, certain items like late fees, which were previously classified as contra-expense at TWC and Bright House, have been reclassified into revenue at each Legacy entity. Turning to operating expenses. We've made the same revenue related re-classes and mapped TWC and Bright House expenses into our operating model. We've also conformed accounting policies across the three companies with the largest difference being the level of capitalization at Bright House as expected. For Legacy TWC, we also moved both gains from sale of fixed assets and noncash share-based compensation below adjusted EBITDA. And under purchase price accounting, we've posted a liability on our balance sheet to reflect an estimate of the out of market portion of TWC's RSN distribution agreement with the Dodgers. While there's no change to the cash payments, the P&L expense associated with the rights fee was already lower in Q2. That expense is included in the regulatory, connectivity, and produced content line on our P&L. Below the adjusted EBITDA line, there were also a number of items to note. For purchase price accounting, we stepped up the value of TWC and Bright House assets on our balance sheet to fair market value, including PP&E and customer relationships. As a result, the depreciation and amortization charges are and will be higher than the simple addition of historical D&A. At closing, we also replaced TWC employee stock awards with Charter stock awards. The post-closing vesting of these awards increases stock compensation by reflecting the fair value of these replacement stock awards at closing instead of their original grant value. We also booked a number of merger and restructuring expenses in the other operating expense line, including one-time contingent fees at close for transaction advisory, including legal M&A advisory at both TWC and Charter, and financing fees. And employee severance expenses of roughly $300 million, nearly half of which came from the accelerated vesting of stock at the now stepped up purchase price value. The rationalization of three corporate groups will likely take a year, and so we expect to continue to see severance in the other operating expenses line for several quarters. Post-closing, we announced a new retirement program across the company, which is designed to be competitive in the marketplace and give employees more control over their retirement funds through a higher defined contribution match. The Bright House defined benefit plan had already been frozen by Advance/Newhouse at just prior to close and remains with Advance/Newhouse. However, as part of the new retirement program at Charter, we recorded a one-time curtailment gain when we announced in June that we will freeze the TWC benefit plan  defined benefit plan at the end of August. For those who are interested this means using the ABO instead of the PBO when measuring the net liability. Purchase price accounting also resulted in a step-up in the value of acquired TWC debt to its fair market value as of the closing date. The premium between the fair value at closing and the principal amount will amortize over the remaining term of each tranche of debt driving GAAP interest expense well below cash interest expense. Our run rate annualized cash interest expense is $3.3 billion, whereas the Q2 pro forma P&L interest expense was adjusted $3.9 billion annual run rate. We refinanced some existing Charter debt in the quarter, driving charges in the loss on extinguishment of debt line. The loss on financial instruments line reflects a one-time termination expense for TWC's interest rates swaps and a change in valuation of Legacy TWC British pound debt and related currency swaps. Turning to tax expense, nearly all of the $3.3 billion valuation allowance against Legacy Charter's deferred tax assets was removed given the greater visibility and certainty around the use of Legacy Charter's NOLs on our consolidated tax return. That drove a one-time tax benefit of nearly $3.2 billion in the quarter. We're also now expensing a quarterly charge of approximately $38 million in preferred coupon for Advance/Newhouse's preferred partnership units. That charge is being reported on a separate line as noncontrolling interest expense along with backing out that portion of consolidated net income attributable to Advance/Newhouse's common partnership units. Finally, as you review our trending schedules, keep in mind that all customer and passings data that you see are based on Legacy company definitions. In a few quarters' time, we'll recast the customer data and the trending schedules using the same set of common definitions. When we do that, the goal will be to recast all historical data as well. And until then, certain data like net adds and ARPU, they remain relevant for legacy entity trends but they're less helpful in comparing one entity to another. So, moving on to Q2. Although second quarter results really just reflected the sum of three different operating strategies, I wanted to provide some high-level commentary on our second quarter customer and financial results on a pro forma basis. Total customer relationships grew year-over-year by 5.1%, 4.8% at TWC, 6.3% at Charter, and 4.1% at Bright House. During the second quarter in which Bright House Florida seasonals amplified the normal second-quarter cable seasonality, we grew residential PSUs by 167,000 versus 201,000 on a pro forma basis last year. The lower year-over-year PSU net adds was driven by Pure Voice net additions this quarter, in particular due to a low-price voice offer in TWC markets in Q2 of last year. In residential video, over the last year, TWC was essentially flat on subscribers, Charter grew by 1% video, and Bright House lost 3.6%. Quarterly video net losses improved year-over-year at both Bright House and at legacy Charter, while TWC's video net loss was 28,000 worse than last year primarily driven by an increase in churn. In total for Q2, we lost 152,000 residential video customers, of which about half came from normal video, normal Florida seasonal downgrades. That loss is an improvement to a loss of 170,000 total video customers in Q2 pro forma last year. In residential Internet, we added a total of 236,000 customers in the quarter versus 157,000 last year. And our total Internet customer base grew by 1.6 million customers or 8.5% over the past year. In voice, we grew customers by 83,000 versus 214,000 last year really driven by the difference in offers in the marketplace at TWC and a higher amount of single-play Internet selling at Bright House. Over the last year, total pro forma residential customers grew by 1.1 million customers or by 4.8%. Over the same period, residential ARPU was up by about 1%. As slide 14 shows our customer growth combined with our ARPU growth resulted in year-over-year pro forma residential revenue growth of 5.6%. Excluding pay-per-view revenue, which included the Mayweather-Pacquiao event in Q2 of 2015 for all three companies, consolidated residential revenue grew by 6.3% and consolidated residential ARPU by 1.7%. Total commercial revenue, SMB and enterprise combined grew by 13.4%. At Legacy Charter, we introduced new pricing and packaging in both SMB and enterprise last year and we're seeing the significant increase in sales and net adds we expected. We intend to make similar changes to Legacy TWC and Bright House SMB and Enterprise by next year. Finally, Advertising was up 3.9% with political revenue growth accounting for about half of the $15 million growth year-over-year. In total, second quarter pro forma revenue was up by 6.6% year-over-year or 7.2% excluding pay-per-view. Looking at total revenue growth at each of our Legacy companies including the effect of less boxing pay-per-view, TWC revenue grew by 7.2% although excluding the recognition of revenue associated with settlement of a contractual dispute, revenue grew by 6.8%. Legacy Charter grew by 6.7% or 7% when excluding a one-time charge for customer credits in the quarter. And Bright House revenue grew by 3.3% or 3.0% when excluding the benefit from the same settled dispute at TWC. Turning to first (sic) [second] (23:39) quarter operating expenses and adjusted EBITDA on slide 15. We've generally mapped all TWC and Bright House operating expenses to Legacy Charter's expense categories. Although, there will likely be some expense remapping in subsequent quarters. On a pro forma basis, total operating expenses grew by $326 million or 5.3% year-over-year, in line with total residential and SMB customer growth of 5.1% with transition expense accounting for $25 million of our total OpEx this quarter. Programming increased 7.5% year-over-year driven by contractual rate increases partially offset by lower pay-per-view cost. Looking at programming this quarter really is not that representative, as we had a big quarter closing, that drove recurring benefits in the Q2 sub period and we also had a number of one-time non-recurring charges at Legacy Charter including some fees which were contingent on closing. As a conforming accounting policy, we've also re-classed ad buy obligations to ad revenue instead of contra expense to programming on the TWC side of the ledger. Net-net, I expect our programming line item and year-over-year programming comparisons to be more representative on a pro forma basis by the end of this year. Turning to regulatory, connectivity and produced content expense, these direct costs were virtually flat year-over-year and benefit from the purchase accounting adjustment made to the Dodgers contract that I mentioned earlier. Cost to service customers grew by 2.1% despite overall customer growth of 5.1% which really reflects the significantly lower service transactions at Legacy Charter and other expenses grew by 8.5% driven by higher corporate administrative labor cost again on a pro forma basis, including pre-closing bonus accrual true-ups, higher IT resources at Legacy TWC, advertising sales cost and enterprise sales and labor costs, partly offset by overhead reductions which only started in June. Adjusted EBITDA which excludes noncash share-based compensation grew by 9%. Excluding transition cost, adjusted EBITDA grew by 9.2%. There were clearly a lot of moving pieces this quarter both from an accounting treatment perspective as well as nonrecurring items but excluding that noise, the pro forma growth rate was probably more in the 7% to 8% range. And as we make the changes Tom laid out, there'll be a lot of activity impacting the financials through different subscriber vintages until we have a consistent product and service across our entire footprint. Bigger picture is Legacy Charter EBITDA growth for April and May without any synergy benefit was well into double-digit growth reflecting the benefits of our operating model and what we intend to do with the larger set of assets long term. Due to the mid-quarter closing of our transactions there is little to talk about with respect to realized operating cost synergies in our Q2 results. We do, however, expect synergies to materialize in the second half of this year, and we'll highlight estimates of what's in the quarter going forward. We've already concretely identified run rate annualized transaction related operating expense synergies of over $600 million by the first anniversary of close. And we expect our initial synergy outline of $800 million per year by year three will be exceeded. At Charter we define transaction synergies as those which result purely from the combination of the companies. They do not reflect operating synergies which come from operating decisions and investments that increase revenue and lower service transaction cost. Turning to slide 16 where we share both pro forma and actual net income for the second quarter. Our actual second quarter income statement reflects Legacy Charter's results up to May 18, plus the results of the three legacy entities from May 18 through June 30. It also includes one-time expenses that are directly tied to the closing of the transactions. Conversely, the pro forma P&L assumes the three legacy entities had been one company and excludes one-time expenses and benefits that are directly tied to the closing of the transactions. The background I provided on purchase accounting earlier and the detailed schedule on slide 16 should help people understand the P&L down to net income on both a natural basis and on a pro forma basis. On our actual P&L, the biggest driver of net income is clearly the one-time benefit of the valuation allowance release of $3.3 billion. With TWC and Bright House income, the timing and visibility of utilizing our NOLs on a consolidated tax return is no longer uncertain from an accounting perspective. The non-controlling interest expense line will be a recurring charge on our income statement as long as Advance/Newhouse holds an interest in the partnership. Turning to slide 17, pro forma capital expenditures totaled $2.1 billion, including $111 million of transition capital expenditures. Excluding transition CapEx, our second quarter CapEx was up by $137 million or 7.5% year-over-year driven primarily by the TWC Maxx all-digital initiative, what looks to be some pull forward spend on CMTS and network routers at TWC pre-close in the scalable infrastructure line, investments in product development at both Charter and TWC, which also falls in scalable infrastructure, as well as previous leasehold improvement and real estate investments at TWC, including data center, warehousing and headend initiatives, which were booked in support capital. In Q2, excluding transition capital, TWC spent capital of approximately 21%, Charter 18%, and Bright House 15% of revenue, respectively. Going forward, obviously we'll reduce the spend on IT, product development and other areas which were by definition duplicative. We should see a short-term benefit from the regrouping on the remaining all-digital projects as Tom outlined. Slide 18 shows the actual free cash flow we generated in the second quarter and only reflects Legacy Charter's results through May 17 plus the results of the three Legacy entities from May 18 to June 30. Finally turning to our tax assets on slide 19, at the closing of our transactions and as expected, we had a change in ownership as per Section 382 of the IRS Code, which re-restricted the availability of our NOLs. We believe the net present value of our tax assets was not impaired. The transactions create a larger base of taxable income, ultimately accelerating the utilization of our NOLs versus their utilization pace at Legacy Charter. Today, we're providing a preliminary updated NOL availability schedule which you can see at the bottom left-hand side of the slide. As the chart shows, we expect the vast majority of our $11.5 billion of our NOLs will be available for use by the end of 2018. As of now, we don't expect to be a material cash income tax payer until at least 2018, maybe not until 2019. And even then, our cash taxes as a percentage of GAAP pre-tax income, excluding the impact of higher depreciation and amortization from purchase price accounting, should be below statutory rates for several years thereafter. With that, I'll hand it back to Tom.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Chris. Thanks for getting that off your chest. Just a few final comments before turning it over to Q&A. Since our closing on May 18, we've been working to integrate the three companies. And while integrating three large companies comes with issues and execution risks. We're picking our way through those issues and so far, we haven't seen anything that precludes us from being successful. Our track record at Charter over the last several years shows our operating model produces excellent economic value, and we'll make the right investments as quickly as possible to apply our operating practices on the new assets. With our newfound scale comes additional opportunities unavailable to Legacy Charter including cost savings and purchasing opportunities, product development opportunities, commercial services opportunities, wireless service opportunities and more, and we're ready to exploit those opportunities in order to drive greater growth and value into our business. Operator, we're ready for questions.
Operator: Okay. Your first question comes from Jessica Reif Cohen from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Oh, thanks. I have two questions if that's okay. Tom, you alluded to wireless in your opening remarks. And as part of the merger, you did receive Time Warner Cable's access to the Verizon MVNO. Has Time Warner Cable or you, Charter, notified them of your intention to utilize that, and how do your rights differ from Comcast's if they do?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I don't know exactly what's in Comcast's rights structure, but I believe they're similar because they were created at the same time as part of the same transaction. And we have not fully exercised that right yet.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Anything you want to say on timing?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We're looking at what those rights are and how we'll execute or how we'll utilize them for the best benefit of the company, but we don't have a plan yet that we're ready to roll out.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then, the second completely different subject, but given your new footprint  your new enlarged footprint and the scale that you get in much bigger markets, can you talk a little bit about, you also alluded to this in your opening remarks, the advertising opportunity? You mentioned addressable advertising. What are your plans and where does this fall in your priority list?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, there's two parts of the scale that are interesting. One is we're a much bigger company. And if you just take the Charter growth strategy and apply it to a much bigger set of assets and you do the same thing on those assets, get the same kind of growth rates, you create a lot of value. But the other part of scale that comes out of this is that the footprint, the coverage of the DMA and our ability to use mass advertising, as well as sell advertising in the DMA is improved by the efficiency of our coverage of local markets, meaning in historic terms, we're better clustered. So, we have our ownership of assets by particular DMA more concentrated than we did at Charter. That gives you two things. It gives you the opportunity to be a better seller of services and products and it gives you the opportunity to be a better seller of advertising and targeted advertising in local products sold at  on all the various platforms, the TV, the Internet and voice platforms, wireless platforms, and it also gives you, from a commercial sales perspective, a more likely footprint to serve medium-sized businesses and all the facilities those businesses pass or use within your footprint. So, if you have a multi-site business, your ability to serve multi-sites with better footprint is improved, and so the commercial marketplace is also improved. So, the whole footprint is more efficient.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Stefan Anninger - Vice President, Investor Relations: Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Moffett from MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Hi. I wonder if you could talk about the programming agreement step downs that you've had and there have obviously been a couple of lawsuits. Can you talk about what you anticipated in the relationships with your programmers and what kind of response you've had from other programming partners with respect to stepping them down onto the Time Warner Cable agreements?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, the nature of programming relationships hasn't fundamentally changed, and it's still a contentious contractual environment. But, generally, we have good relationships with our programmers, and I think the litigation is part of the negotiation process in general. And it's going about what we thought it would go.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: That's helpful. And if I could just ask one additional, much more general question, you talked about that what you've found so far doesn't change your confidence at all. But, can you talk about any particularly big surprises you've come across as you finally gotten inside of Time Warner Cable and Bright House? Anything that jumped out at you as I wouldn't have expected this, and there is either real opportunity or potentially some peril here?
Thomas M. Rutledge - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I wouldn't say that I'm surprised by anything. We have a pretty good visibility into these businesses. I have managed Time Warner assets in the past, now granted, it's 15 years ago. But, for instance, I knew about seasonality in Florida, having managed those assets in the past, with snowbirds and so forth. And I would say that the pricing and packaging and the variability of offers is the most interesting opportunity to fix quickly. It creates a lot of activity and confusion in the marketplace both for the consumer and for the employees of the company. And so, I think having a more logical, efficient selling machine will cause a lot of activity to go away quickly. And there's a lot more complexity there than even I thought was there. All of which means there's more upside.
Stefan Anninger - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks, Craig. We'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Kraft from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. I wanted to ask you if you could comment on how disruptive or not you expect the repricing and repackaging of services in the acquired operations to be to your subscriber and ARPU trends. Should we expect some noise in the numbers for a while? And then separately, is there anything that you need to do that's significant to the plan in the acquired operations before you can deploy the Spectrum Guide or is that something that you can do fairly easily? Thank you.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Right. Look, the pricing and packaging is mostly done incrementally. But it does require you to retrain your workforce and to set up processes to provide the products that you want to sell. So, we need to make sure that we have an advanced video product in every market where we launch pricing and packaging that our data speeds can be taken up to where they need to be. And it's logistically complex but not that disruptive to the consumer. What is disruptive to the consumer, though, is continued all-digital rollouts. That requires hardware going into consumer homes. So, about 40% of Time Warner assets are not all-digital currently, and 50% of Bright House are not all-digital. So, those transactions are more disruptive, but necessary in order to get you in a place where you have a superior product set relative to all your competitors. If you look at the history of Charter and its growth rate, and its trending schedules as you'd inquire about, they're a good proxy for what we expect to happen going forward in these new assets. The difference in these assets is that physically, they're in better shape, so there's probably less capital required in them. But from a consumer perspective and driving revenue and driving consumer stats, the Charter experience is a good proxy. With regard to your question on the guide, yes, there are some issues around the guide in rolling it out in the new assets. And they have to do with provisioning systems. So, you have three different companies that talk to their hardware; modems, voice devices, as well as TV set-top boxes and create the billing environment and the control environment around all of that hardware in the field, as well as the billing environment that goes over top of that. All of those things are separate functions that have to be integrated and require an IT infrastructure over top of all of the existing Legacy's structures to unify what products can go where. And the guide, to some extent, has to wait for that physical infrastructure to get put in place. So, we think we can do that as we roll out the all-digital strategy. And we don't think it's gating or anything like that, but it takes time and it's complicated.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Stefan Anninger - Vice President, Investor Relations: Operator, next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Chaplin from New Street Research. Your line is open.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): Two quick ones, if I may. First, I'm wondering if you could give us a little bit more color on the higher churn you saw in the Time Warner Cable footprint, specifically for video? And secondly, on the synergies. Chris, I think you said by the time you hit your first year anniversary, synergies should clock in at about $600 million. Was that for that first year period or would that be the run rate in sort of the second quarter of next year?
Christopher L. Winfrey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive VP: That's the annualized run rate by the time we get to the end of the first year of $600 million. You'll recall that, I think, originally, we had said that was about $400 million at the time of the announcement of the transaction. If I remember, I think it was $500 million for financing purposes. So, it's higher than what we expected to be a run rate by the end of the first year since close.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): Got it.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: With regard to your question on higher churn. First, we weren't managing those assets through the quarter, most of the quarter. And so, we don't have a direct connection to what happened or is happening. But it's really a function of the pricing and packaging and the way that the business has been marketed, and our view is that both Bright House and Time Warner pricing and packaging lend themselves to higher churn than the way Charter prices and packages. And so, until we get the business priced and packaged properly, we'll have churn rates in the legacy properties probably higher than Legacy Charter. At least that's our expectation. So, as a result of that, our strategy is to change the way those businesses market their services.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): So, Tom, does that mean that you'd expect to see sort of the higher churn rates for the next sort of several quarters as you get more of the base onto Charter-style packages? And I guess as a sort of second follow-up, it seems like the adds were a little bit worse year-over-year, so the sort of the churn rates were maybe higher amongst that base this year than a year ago on those kinds  on the legacy Time Warner Cable packages, I'm wondering if you have any insights at this point into what could have driven that?
Christopher L. Winfrey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive VP: Hey, Jonathan. This is Chris. What you're getting at is actually really complex because of all the different transactions that are involved, but I'll try to simplify it a little bit. There was a higher amount of churn at Legacy TWC in Q2. A lot of that was also coming from downgrades at the point where we had promotional pricing roll-off. That's a function of not having the highest quality product that you could offer in place at the best price you could offer and making it competitive in the marketplace and not having a consistent way of rolling the pricing up at promotion, which means essentially that the product doesn't stick.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): Right.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive VP: So, in terms of going forward, the more the base that you can get on pricing and packaging, the more sticky that base becomes not only in the face of competition but also in the context of step-up in price. But you're still exposed along the way to the Legacy base that hasn't migrated to new pricing and packaging as to what happens to them at roll-offs, what you allow them to roll off to, what retention offers you have in place, and how quickly you can either proactively or reactively migrate that base into the new pricing and packaging. It's fairly complex. No different than what was done at Legacy Charter in the 2012 to 2014 time period. So, we'll just manage through it the same way that we did then.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): Thanks, Chris.
Stefan Anninger - Vice President, Investor Relations: Operator, we'll take our next question please.
Operator: Next question comes from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning. I have one for Tom and one for Chris. Tom, when you look at the new footprint, you've got a lot of broadband-only customers. I think something like 7 million plus. How are you thinking about marketing video to them maybe in a way that hasn't been done before either at scale or in the industry? Anything at this point that you're thinking about from a product offering or technology perspective to sort of get at that opportunity? And, Chris, if you go back to the expense growth in the quarter, I think you gave us pro forma growth for programming, cost of serve and G&A  and other of like 7.5%, 2% and 8.5%. But there's a lot, as you point out, a lot of moving pieces there. Is there a way to think about either clean versions of those three numbers or even directionally whether the sort of real underlying trend is higher or lower than these metrics you gave in the release? Just as we think about sort of the natural cost growth trend of the business through the rest of this year. Any color would be helpful if you had any.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Ben, I think the biggest opportunity continues to be selling against satellite. If you look those 7 million data only subs, a substantial portion of them are satellite customers.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And that has to do with the analog nature of the video product that the cable companies sell. And by going all-digital and using your two-way interactive platform, you can build a better video product than your competitors, in my opinion, which is why I think Charter is growing its video business year-over-year. It's a slow process. The inertia is real in the marketplace. But it's  I think, Charter has turned the video business positively, and I think the same is possible in Time Warner and Bright House, but it requires the proper investment in a video product, which means you need a two-way product with an excellent user interface and all the functionality and features that you get from an Internet type like service with live, fully-featured content. So, I think there's still lots of upside selling traditional MVPD products, the cable service to customers who have broadband only. That said, there is an income issue with television. It's very expensive to buy the whole package. It's hard to sell smaller packages that resonate in the market and are sticky and satisfy consumers. And various marketing tactics have been tried to skinny down the product. The problem is skinny-ing it down to the right place with the right package and satisfying people who are financially challenged. And we'll continue to explore relationships with content companies to do that. But I also think that you can make a fully featured service more attractive and more worth what it does cost. And we can use that to drive into the marketplace.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive VP: On the expense side, Ben, I don't want to get into the mode of providing guidance, but based on what I've already said, I think you can deduce a few things going through the three categories that you listed. Programming, we only had half a quarter, in essence, of Charter being in a closed status. And in addition to that, you had a number of one-time bad guys at legacy Charter, some of which was contingent fees that are going to be paid on closing to programmers. So, by definition, that means that result improves. Going against that grain over time is that if you're putting a rich video product into the marketplace and you're selling more expanded as Tom was talking about, that's not rate-based growth of programming. That's volume-based that's accompanied by higher revenue and less churn. So, we look at the transaction piece of that as rate versus volume. The second piece that you highlighted was cost to serve, where the cost to serve is really benefiting from the significant operating synergies that exist at legacy Charter as a result of having a simpler product in the marketplace for customers knowing that when you step up rate that is a fair rate and not continuing to keep on calling in to do a deal, reduces your call volume, reduces your churn. And in-source labor being  in-source labor also being a key function as well. Then going the other way, so that's legacy Charter which is really helping the results. We're going to continue to in-source at TWC and Bright House. It's going to create some of the same pressures that we saw at Charter in the cost to serve line at the beginning, as we in-source a labor force that needs to be trained up and you have parallel outsourced resource in place while you're doing that. So, it's going to be dynamic as we go. For the other category, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, this includes corporate, advertising, enterprise, and particularly from a corporate perspective, a lot of the head count reductions didn't really occur or begin to occur until June. And those will be continuing on for some time, so there should be some improvements in that line item on a go-forward basis.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's very helpful.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive VP: And look, our goal here is even if it costs us a little bit more by putting a richer product in place on programming or whether it costs us more up front to put in-sourcing in place for cost to serve and things like IT and whatnot, is to generate operating leverage at the back end by being able to scale it upfront and reduce transactions over time and make more of the revenue flow through to EBITDA.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks a lot.
Stefan Anninger - Vice President, Investor Relations: Operator, I think we have time for one last question please.
Operator: Okay. Your next question comes from Phil Cusick from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Chris, you stated before, you've given Charter CapEx guidance. Can you help us with CapEx expectations for the rest of the year? Should we look for some growth slowdown in the next couple of quarters before an acceleration in 2017?
Christopher L. Winfrey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive VP: So, we're not going to be providing CapEx guidance. But I think the thing that is clear is that the  one of the big drivers for spend in the first half of the year on a pro forma basis, again managing  it wasn't us managing the combined CapEx, we're just reporting on it today on a pro forma basis. But there is, obviously, the significant amount of all-digital activity that was continuing at TWC. And that will be largely put on hold as we put in the Charter all-digital strategy the beginning of next year. The results of some what I believe is pull-forward of good capital, but significant pull-forward of capital around CMTS and routers and some of that type of activity that should slow down a little bit as well. But the danger in providing CapEx guidance or even expectations is, frankly, if we see the opportunity to go make an investment that's going to put the company in a position to grow faster, then we're going to do that inside of a particular quarter or inside of a particular last 12 months or fiscal year. And our view on the trends of CapEx is that capital intensity will go down significantly once we get through the all-digital program. But from a timing perspective, we see opportunities to grow faster by investing quicker, even though the total gross dollars invested may not be any different. We'll pull it forward as we need to and we don't want to be beholden to slowing down the growth trajectory of the company to meet what is in our view kind of an artificial target. So, no, we won't be providing an outlook for this year. But I think if you take a look at the way that we've managed capital in the past at Charter. It's meant to be efficient and to drive faster growth.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And even at the current CapEx run rate, it seems like you're delevering very quickly and could head to that 4 turns leverage range right around the end of the year. Is that a fair way to look at it, and is there any reason you wouldn't be returning capital if you got to that point?
Christopher L. Winfrey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive VP: So, now, you're backing me into guidance. So, look, the business is delevering at, call, it half a turn a year, that's what we expected even though CapEx was being spent at a more elevated level, and it included the duplicative portion of the CapEx, which is three different companies spending on IT and different types of product development and those kind of corporate expenditures as they spend at least two or if not three times over. So, that's another area that it should automatically get more efficient. But, yeah, I think, we're going to delever fast and it's a first-class problem to have is to where to deploy the capital which is why I've spent some time on it in the past couple of calls and make sure people understand the priority of how we'll opportunistically deploy our excess free cash flow over time.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much, Chris.
Stefan Anninger - Vice President, Investor Relations: Operator, that ends our call. Thank you.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive VP: Thanks, everyone.
Thomas M. Rutledge - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, all.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-28 14:30:00) =====
Executives: Stefan Anninger - Vice President-Investor Relations Thomas M. Rutledge - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Christopher L. Winfrey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US) Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC Mike L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC James M. Ratcliffe - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Phoenix and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Charter's First Quarter 2016 Investors Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to Stefan Anninger; you may begin your conference.
Stefan Anninger - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning and welcome to Charter's First Quarter 2016 Investor Call. The presentation that accompanies this call can be found on our website ir.charter.com, under the Financial Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to remind you that there are a number of risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent proxy statement and Forms 10-K and 10-Q. We will not review those risk factors and other cautionary statements on this call; however, we encourage you to read them carefully. Various remarks that we make on this call concerning expectations, predictions, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from historical or anticipated results. Any forward-looking statements reflect management's current view only, and Charter undertakes no obligation to revise or update such statements or to make additional forward-looking statements in the future. During the course of today's call, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. These non-GAAP measures, as defined by Charter, may not be comparable to measures with similar titles used by other companies. Please also note that all growth rates noted on this call and in the presentation are calculated on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise specified. Joining me on today's call are Tom Rutledge, President and CEO; and Chris Winfrey, our CFO. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas M. Rutledge - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Stefan, and good morning. For some time now, we've been working to combine Charter-Time Warner Cable and Bright House. While I'm very pleased with our progress towards closing and integration, I'm just as pleased with Charter's core operating performance. Our products, service, customer growth and financial results continued to improve as we deliver more value to our residential and business customers than ever before. Our operating and financial results show the potential growth trajectory and our new operating strategies will drive on a larger set of assets following the close of our transactions and the positive impact that we can have on those communities that will ultimately be served by Charter. At the end of the first quarter, Charter had 6.8 million residential and SMB customers. Over the last 12 months, we've grown our total customer base by 6%, with residential customer growth of 5% and small business customer growth of 18%. We continued to grow our video customer base in the first quarter. Total video customers grew by 15,000, including 10,000 residential video, net adds and our all-digital video product enables HD and on-demand on every outlet. And we fully deployed our TV app for both mobile devices and media players for content delivery both in and out of home. We recently launched our cloud-based UI in St. Louis in addition to Reno. It continues to scale well and is resonating with consumers. We also continued to grow our Internet business. Residential Internet customers grew by 9% over the last 12 months. During the first quarter, we added 141,000 residential Internet customers. The strong demand that we're seeing for our Internet service is being driven by offering minimum 60-megabit speeds, quality service and consumer-friendly features, including unlimited data usage and no modem fees. Including voice, we added 186,000 PSUs in the first quarter, over 20% more than the 154,000 we added in the first quarter of 2015. We also continue to see improving commercial customer net additions, with SMB PSU growth accelerating by 68% year-over-year in the first quarter. That customer growth improvement is being driven by the launch of new small business pricing and packaging in the first quarter of last year. We also launched new pricing and packaging for enterprise in the fourth quarter, including a deeper gigabit service offering that's driving a significant increase in sales. During the quarter, we grew our total revenue by 7.1%, with even less reliance on rate increases. Our first quarter adjusted EBITDA grew by over 10% year-over-year, whether you include transition expenses or not. So EBITDA growth continues to exceed our revenue growth as it has for several quarters now as we take operating transactions out of the business through investing in our network, systems and people. We have a fully integrated operating strategy and business model which is based on a clear, centralized organizational structure, creating a superior product set, packaged at highly competitive prices to sell more product, unleashing the full capacity of our two-way interactive network by going all-digital, insourcing service operations, people, cloud-based services and product platforms and continuous product development to stay ahead. As a result, the higher level of growth at Charter can be sustainable for a long period of time. It's also an indication of what we believe we can do at Time Warner Cable and Bright House. That will require time and investment just as it did at Charter, but I believe it can happen faster because of the relatively better starting condition of the assets we're acquiring. And we'll also benefit from transaction synergies to help offset the investments to achieve those operating synergies. I also believe our approach and track record here at Charter over the last several years will make the trends at New Charter easier for investors to understand over the next several years. So our customer growth and financial performance is very good as we had planned. Our sales were up and our residential churn is down. And in the first quarter, we saw a 15% year-over-year reduction in billing and service calls as well as a 19% reduction in service truck roll volume. Our field service truck rolls are now 80% insources versus 50% in 2012 and it's increasing. And call center activity is now 90% insourced. In total, since the beginning of 2012, we've increased our workforce by over 7,000 people, with the vast majority of the increase driven by insourcing. With our all-digital transition complete and secure two-way boxes installed on every residential outlet, in April, we began to perform electronic disconnects instead of physical truck rolls. This change in practice also allows us to fully scale our self-install practices beyond what we did during all-digital. Electronic disconnects and self-installs will provide significant benefits to Charter Systems in the coming years. It will also reduce operating costs and capital expenditures and raise customer satisfaction through greater control over the installation process and will also reduce the opportunity for service failure in a way that provides even better security. Turning to the closing process with TWC and Bright House, on April 12, the administrative law judge assigned by the California PUC to review our transactions recommended that our transactions be approved by the California Public Utility Commission. We expect the CPUC to vote on the judge's recommendation on May 12. All other states have approved our transactions. We're also pleased that the FCC Chairman has circulated an order approving our transactions and that the DOJ has filed a proposed judgment with the district court under which our proposed transactions may proceed. Assuming we've received FCC approval, we would expect to officially close our transactions within just a few days of receiving approval from the California PUC. Next several months and quarters will be an exciting time for New Charter. And after a lot of creative thought, we've decided to call the new company Charter. Our first priority is to get our people in the right roles and reporting structures with the right responsibilities. We've already announced Charter's organizational structure and leadership across the three organizations. Our corporate organization, as well as marketing, sales and product development departments, will be centralized over a period of six months following close. Our field operations group, which is the largest organization, will be managed through 11 different regional areas. Each of those regions has been designed to represent a logical combination of designated marketing areas. And these regions will be managed with largely the same set of field employees that are with the three companies today. Following close, customer care will continue to be operated as it currently is at each of the three companies today. Over time, customer care will migrate to the Charter model of using virtualized U.S. based in-house call centers. This migration process is likely to take several years as it has here at Charter. A partial driver of the timing of our customer care transition is the pace at which our IT and network operations integrations progress. Our goals with these integrations will be to minimize service disruptions and to enable the business to deploy superior products and services. Managing the all-digital transition at Time Warner Cable and Bright House will also be a key priority. At close, we will briefly pause any new digital rollouts at both companies and then restart them, deploying fully enabled two-way set-top boxes everywhere and discontinuing D2A deployments. Concurrent with all-digital, we'll introduce new product in pricing and packaging. We'll also launch our new pricing and packaging across those portions of TWC and BHM footprints that have already gone all-digital. We plan to complete all-digital and the launch of new pricing and packaging across all 36 million passings at TWC and Bright House by the end of 2018. In historic Charter markets, we expect to make our new cloud-based user interface available in most markets by the end of 2016. We're still working through our Guide rollout plans for TWC and Bright House markets. That includes coordinating Guide rollouts with our market-by-market plans for all-digital and the launch of new pricing and packaging. Ultimately, our goal is to offer our customers the significant Guide benefit as quickly as possible, but not at the cost of disruption to service operations or the customer. So, we'll have more to report on once we actually close and start running the businesses. Our plans are in place and we're ready to go to work, and we remain confident as ever about the benefits that our transaction will bring to our customers, employees and our shareholders. I'd like to thank Charter's employees for their hard work and dedication to getting us where we are so far and to our financial stakeholders, who have continued to support us. Now, I'll hand the call over to Chris to take you through the financials.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Tom. Starting with slide seven of today's presentation: during the first quarter, we grew residential PSUs by 186,000 versus 154,000 last year. And in video, we added 10,000 residential customers versus a loss of 13,000 last year. In residential Internet, we added 141,000 customers versus 125,000 last year. And we grew residential voice customers by 35,000 versus 42,000 last year. Over the last year, our residential customer base has grown by 318,000, or by 5%. And over the same period, residential ARPU was up by 1.4%, driven by a larger triple play base and step-ups and modest rate adjustments, partially offset by continued single play Internet growth. As slide nine shows, our customer growth, combined with our ARPU growth, resulted in year-over-year residential revenue growth of 6.5%; that compares to 6.7% last year as our faster customer growth offsets lower rate increases as designed. In commercial, we added 32,000 SMB PSUs versus 19,000 SMB PSUs in the prior year. That improvement follows the separation of our SMB and enterprise groups with new SMB pricing and packaging launched late last year. Total commercial revenue grew by approximately 12% and continues to reflect the same short-term ARPU pressure we saw in residential when we initially launched our new pricing and packaging in 2012. Our advertising revenue was up about 9% year-over-year, driven by a $5 million increase in political. In total, our first quarter revenue was up by 7.1% year-over-year and the same when excluding advertising. Turning to first quarter operating expenses and adjusted EBITDA on slide 10. Total operating expense grew by $85 million or 5.4% year-over-year, with transition OpEx accounting for $21 million of our total OpEx this quarter. Programming expense grew by $37 million, accounting for just under half of the year-over-year increase in total operating expense. The 5.5% increase in first quarter programming was driven by contractual rate increases, growth in our video customer base over the last year, higher penetration of our tiers and the launch of new channels, including the Dodgers. Excluding a one-time expense benefit and the growth in our video customer base year-over-year, programming expense would have grown by 6% flat versus the prior-year quarter. Cost to service customers, which includes field operations, customer care, network operating costs declined slightly year-over-year, despite residential and SMB customer relationship growth of 5.9%. That ties directly to the operating metrics Tom highlighted and is both consistent and improving relative to what we've seen for several quarters. Other costs grew by $34 million or about 18% year-over-year, driven by some additional corporate and administrative labor expense, including the insourcing of IT and software development resources and advertising and enterprise costs, property taxes on previous CapEx and the higher casualty claims due to a more in-sourced employee base. Excluding a one-time non-recurring expense, this other expense category would have grown by 13% year-over-year. First quarter adjusted EBITDA grew by over 10% year-over-year, whether you include transition costs or not and continued to exceed our revenue growth. As Tom mentioned, the continued growth of revenue per passing is an (16:52) operating improvement, is at an early stage for Charter Systems and has momentum. Moving to slide 12, first quarter capital expenditures totaled $429 million, with $53 million related to M&A transaction spend. That spending began with the Comcast transactions and has provided us a head start to providing a uniform product and service package to TWC and Bright House customers beginning post-close. Excluding transition CapEx in both periods, our first quarter CapEx was up by just over $39 million or 12%, driven primarily by our investments in product development and the in-year timing of the fleet purchases which falls into the support capital line. For 2016, excluding the impact of transition CapEx and the pending acquisitions, we expect our CapEx as a percentage of revenue to continue to decline at Charter year-over-year. First quarter free cash flow was negative $61 million and the year-over-year decline was primarily driven by the higher cash interest on our transactions-related debt in escrow and from higher CapEx for the reasons I just outlined. If you exclude the impact of our transactions, specifically $21 million of operating expense, $53 million of CapEx, $259 million of cash interest in escrow and $14 million of transaction costs and other expenses, our free cash flow, adjusted for transaction spend, totaled approximately $280 million; that's up significantly versus last year on the same basis. As of March 31, our net debt to LTM EBITDA was 4.1 times. The $21.8 million of cash sitting in escrow for our transactions, plus Term Loan A commitments in our combined liquidity at close fully finances our transactions, assuming TWC shareholders elect the $100 cash option. At closing, we still expect to be levered at 4.5 times or less on an LTM basis and assuming the first 12 months run rate synergies of approximately $500 million. In February, we issued $1.7 billion of senior unsecured notes and in April, we issued an additional $1.5 billion of senior unsecured notes. We intend to use the proceeds from these offerings to redeem Charter's currently callable outstanding higher-priced debt although part of the proceeds from the February offer could be used to finance our transactions if some of the TWC shareholders were to elect to receive $115 per share in cash rather than $100. Turning to the pending transactions, we expect the second quarter would be the first quarter for which we will report our results following close and I wanted to give you a brief preview on how we expect to report and to mention a few things to better navigate our second quarter results. With an anticipated mid-quarter closing, our second quarter results will reflect a full quarter for legacy Charter, plus stump (18:01) periods for TWC and Bright House. So year-over-year, our actual comparisons will really be helpful, but we will provide historical performance for the three companies under the historical management. We intend to present Charter's quarterly trending schedule with pro forma data along the lines of what you receive today dating back to the beginning of 2014. Going forward, we'll report similar customer, PSU and revenue data for Charter's three legacy entities for at least five quarters following close, both separately and of course on a consolidated basis. This approach is going to allow you to track the development of each of the three legacy entities. We'll not show expenses or capital expenditures by legacy entity. It's not really practical given the shared nature of large key items like programming, overhead and significant centralized capital spend. We'll also continue to report transition expense in capital related to the integration. And we'll provide updates or conference calls on certain items including estimates for the synergies we've realized so you can better isolate the organic growth of the business. We'd probably do that for about two years beginning in the first full quarter of results. Our balance sheet and P&L will also be materially impacted by purchase price accounting and allocation. And part of that will be a significant fair market value step-up of TWC and Bright House assets, reflecting the fair market value of the consideration we provide as of the closing dates. The step-ups will primarily be in PP&E, franchises, customer relationships and goodwill. However, none of the three companies' assets will be stepped up for tax purposes. As a result of the difference between the stepped up GAAP basis and the existing tax basis at TWC, there will be a significant increase to our deferred tax liability on our GAAP balance sheet. On a pro forma basis and as already reflected in our S4 and other filings, the GAAP basis step-up will also increase Charter's GAAP D&A charges above what the simple addition of historical D&A would be for the three legacy entities. Purchase price accounting will also likely result in the posting of an opening liability on the balance sheet to reflect an estimate of the outer (21:53) market portion of TWC's RSN distribution agreement with the Dodgers. There would be no change to the TWC cash payments as a result of that accounting, but future P&L expense would be lower as a result. We'll also modify the value of TWC's legacy debt to its fair market value at closing and the difference between the fair value at closing and the actual principal amount will amortize over the remaining term of each tranche of debt, driving a difference between GAAP and cash interest expense. So, those are some of the largest key items that result from purchase accounting, but there are a number of other key post-closing items that I'll mention that will impact the consolidated financials. Our share count, which stands at approximately 112 million shares outstanding today will increase at close as we issue shares to TWC shareholders and to Liberty Broadband. Given that Advance/Newhouse Partnership units are exchangeable at any time, it makes sense for investors to include those partnership units on an as-exchanged basis when evaluating Charter's total equity value and any Charter share-based metrics. Also keep in mind that as part of the transactions, Charter will undergo what we refer to and explain in more detail in our S4 as the Parent Merger Exchange. This transaction will essentially haircut the number of shares outstanding for the entire company for all shareholders including Advance/Newhouse Partnership units by approximately 10%. The Parent Merger Exchange will be value-neutral on all parties' aggregate holdings in Charter, but it will reduce the overall share count of the company, both on a shares outstanding basis and on an as-exchanged basis, again by about 10%. In theory, New Charter's stock market price should reflect this reduction in shares with the commencement of share price increase on the day New Charter's stock begins to trade on the NASDAQ. Slide 22 in the appendix of today's investor presentation should provide investors with a better understanding of Charter's share count and how the shares outstanding change for the Parent Merger Exchange and the Advance/Newhouse units on an as-exchanged basis. Moving on to some more post-closing, accounting and reporting housekeeping. At close, TWC employees who currently hold TWC stock awards will see those stock awards replaced with New Charter stock awards which will mirror their current economics. The post-closing vesting of these awards will increase stock compensation expense post-closing to reflect the updated fair value of these replacement stock awards as compared to their original grant value. I should also mention that after closing, substantially all of the $3 billion valuation allowance which is posted against legacy Charter's deferred tax assets is expected to be removed as the use of our NOLs will now be accelerated in Charter's consolidated tax return. The legacy Charter deferred tax asset account on the balance sheet today and net income in that quarter will both increase by approximately $3 billion as a one-time benefit. We'll also expense a quarterly charge of approximately $38 million in preferred coupon for Advanced/Newhouse's ownership of preferred partnership units. That charge will be reported on a separate line as non-controlling interest expense. We'll also have some transaction advisory expenses for both Charter and TWC, which are contingent and payable at closing, already disclosed in the S4 as well as the commitment and placement fees for our financing and we expect below-the-line restructuring and termination expenses through the integration process that will post below the EBITDA line as well. Finally, turning to our tax assets, as we indicated on our last call, we don't expect Charter to be a significant cash taxpayer until 2018, and even then, our cash taxes as a percentage of GAAP pre-tax income should be below statutory rates for several years thereafter. And when I refer to GAAP pre-tax income, we are excluding the impact of the pending purchase price accounting that will have on GAAP depreciation and amortization expense going forward. We do expect the transactions to trigger a change of ownership under Section 382 of the Tax Code. And while that change in ownership will again restrict the pace at which our NOLs will become available, I don't expect it to negatively impact the net present value of our tax assets similar to last time, as the transactions here will create a larger base of taxable income, ultimately accelerating the utilization of our NOLs versus standalone Charter today. Operator, with that, we're ready for questions now.
Operator: Your first question comes from John Hodulik from UBS. Your line is now open.
John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, Tom or thanks. Question for Tom. Can we  we talked a little bit about the migration of the Time Warner Cable base to the new pricing and packaging. You mentioned it a little bit on the call, but over what time period do you expect it to take place and what kind of impact can we expect on the top line of the new assets? Thanks.
Thomas M. Rutledge - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, it will take  it will take some time to roll out new pricing and packaging across Time Warner and Bright House. The plan is to, as I described, to continue the all-digital project that is going on currently at Time Warner and to initiate a similar project at Bright House in the Tampa area, and as we do that to roll out new pricing and packaging behind it. We also intend to launch, within a matter of four months or so, new pricing and packaging against the parts of the company that have already gone all-digital and to get it rolled out over the period of time it takes to do all-digital, which could take through the end of 2018.
John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: And through that period, do you expect any meaningful change on  that Time Warner Cable just posted a pretty solid top-line growth number, do you expect any impact on the growth rate of those assets?
Thomas M. Rutledge - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think, yes. We're going to have to integrate those assets into our packaging and pricing, and we're going to have costs associated with that. And we  our objective is to actually accelerate the growth rate. And in order to do that, we're going to spend more capital by going all-digital and putting two-way interactive boxes on every outlet, and we're going to package in such a way that we think we get longer-term revenue growth and get that revenue growth over a longer period of time with the quality of the products that we're selling into the market. So, they've done very well, which we're very pleased with. The assets are in better shape than we'd even planned for, which is a great relief. But we do have plans to spend money and spend capital in order to have a uniform product that we think creates a longer-term growth prospect that will produce consistent long-term growth rates.
John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Thomas M. Rutledge - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Bryan Kraft of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Good morning. Thank you very much. I guess I had one question in the context of CapEx. The JV that you have with ARRIS, can you talk about the full scope of the JV and the advantages it brings to Charter, I guess, both from an innovation standpoint and also how it impacts your ability to more efficiently deploy capital? And then I just had one another question, just on the synergies. Chris, based on what you were saying about timing, it sounds like you expect to fully realize the synergies on a run rate basis in about two years. Is that the right interpretation of what you had said? Thanks.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So, let me start with the second one. No, that's not the right interpretation, although I'm glad you asked it because it should highlight for people. I was giving a commitment that we'll report that amount on a going-backwards basis of how much is realized inside the quarter for two years. It could end up being longer depending on where we're actually at. I think what we've said in the past is that we expect synergies could be  over the course of three years, could be fully baked into the actuals and that wasn't a change of where I think I could be. So, after two years, we'll evaluate where we are. But I wanted to give people some clarity about how we were going to report the business in the upcoming two years at a minimum. On the ActiveVideo JV that we have with ARRIS, it's a productive relationship that we have both with the management team at ActiveVideo as well as ARRIS who owns 65%. We have a couple of board seats on that investment. We're treated as an independent third-party vendor inside the relationship with ActiveVideo. So, I guess the benefit would be the ability to see what the pipeline of product that they have coming in the future and to have oversight in terms of how that's being developed elsewhere. But we saw an attractive product that we were using, amongst other vendors in our Spectrum Guide platform, and we thought it was an interesting equity investment, but also of strategic importance to Charter.
Thomas M. Rutledge - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And to further answer your question, that ActiveVideo technology platform allows us to use existing set-top boxes and put a state-of-the-art user interface on those already deployed boxes and not have to replace those boxes so that they essentially become state-of-the-art boxes. And that's the capital advantage of having that vendor relationship.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks to you both. Appreciate it.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Bryan.
Thomas M. Rutledge - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Operator, we'll take our next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vijay Jayant from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: Thanks. A couple please. First on synergies, now that the deal is pretty much done, we've always thought that $800 million was kind of conservative. Is there a newer view on that? And is it fair to still assume that the programming step-downs on the Charter base will happen pretty much immediately on the deal closing? And then just on the all-digital plan, I think  I've estimated that there's about 13 million, 14 million DTAs and analog boxes within Time Warner Cable and Bright House, is that sort of the right base that we could see being transitioned to all-digital? Thank you.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Maybe I get the first two, we can tag team the third. On the $800 million, I think there was a general misconception right from the get-go as what we call synergies; $800 million was a three-year run rate of transaction synergies. What we don't include in that is the amount of operating synergies that come from taking a different philosophy towards pricing and packaging and insourcing service and lowering the amount of transactions. So, the transaction synergies, we're not getting an update on our thoughts around that other than to think that it was  other than to say that we always thought it was conservative; we still do. But that's really tied to the elimination of duplicate overhead programming and other transaction-related synergies of just putting the companies together; it's not a change in the operating strategies which is how you get an additional profitability for passing over time. So, one can argue and say, well, the synergies are obviously much, much higher than the $800 million and I would agree with that; but that's really a change in the way that the businesses are operating as opposed to M&A transaction synergies, which is what the $800 million refers to. On programming timing, yes, we believe we'll step into the Time Warner Cable rate card in the appropriate places effectively at close. And on DTAs, I don't have the number in front of me.
Thomas M. Rutledge - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'm not sure that that  I can't verify that your number is correct off the top of my head. So  but our plan will be to let them come out of the marketplace in a natural way and we're not going to go force them out. So as we transact business and move people into new pricing and packaging, we'll give the new customer base on the new pricing platform two-way boxes on every outlet. So, there will be DTAs in some of these markets for years to come.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: Great; thanks so much.
Thomas M. Rutledge - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Operator, we'll take our next question please.
Operator: Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. Morning. Tom, I don't know if you want to shed some light for us on the FCC's approach around the set-top box, NPRM and also the special access noise that's been going on lately given how much time you spent in DC over the last few months and year? If you could just tell us how you think those two may or may not impact the new company going forward. And then Chris, cost to service was, I think, down in the quarter. I don't know if that's a clean number or if there were anything one-time in there. But I'd love if you could just talk about the operating leverage you're seeing in the existing Charter business since that's obviously an important lens for us to look at as we think about the new company down the road.
Thomas M. Rutledge - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well. Ben, you're right. I've spent a lot of time there, but focused on other things. From Charter's point of view, we don't charge for modems and we try to keep our box prices low, relatively speaking. And we have made our applications available on other set-top boxes that consumers can purchase. And so, from a  if you just look at it as people being concerned about the price of boxes, we think that our operating practices fit with that goal. The control of copyright and the control of privacy are real issues and we have strong views that they should be protected. With regard to special access, we haven't seen the full scope of that yet, only what's been publicized and we're a nascent player in that market with  the whole cable industry I think is less than 10% penetrated against that very large marketplace. And so it seems premature to me to be thinking about regulating a new entrant to a marketplace.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Makes sense.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: On the cost to service, no, there's not any one-time benefit that's sitting inside the number, that's real operating leverage, if you want to use that term. It is directly a result of lower service calls to the call centers and significantly lower service truck rolls out in the field. And so what that means is that your ability to have a larger number of customers with a higher amount of revenue and a lower underlying operating cost because you have fewer calls and truck rolls taking place, that continues to improve at Charter. And we've just made some additional changes that Tom mentioned in terms of stopping to do hard disconnects now that we have the plant secured (36:24).
Thomas M. Rutledge - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hard disconnects mean a truck trip to telephone pole and then a reconnect on every transaction. So, it's really your churn rate times two transactions.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Correct.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah.
Thomas M. Rutledge - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, it's a significant reduction in cost going forward.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And that's not in the numbers as of yet.
Thomas M. Rutledge - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. But I think the operating cost strategy that we have is something that we've been working on for a long time and I'm very proud that it's actually showing up now before we get a lot of confusing numbers going forward. We have been working on a pricing and packaging strategy that reduces activity all through the marketing process and the activation process of customers is designed to increase the life of subscriptions. So, for the same dollars of revenue, with longer customer life, meaning less churn, same dollars of revenue, you have less costs per customer because you have less physical activity per dollar of revenue. And though by maintaining our plant properly and by improving the quality of our craftsmanship by our employee base which we've been hiring and training, we reduced service calls. And that further improves customer satisfaction which improves subscriber life and all of those things are taking transaction costs out of the business. Even though our labor costs on a per-transaction basis are going up, our transaction reductions are exceeding that rate of increase in cost per transaction, and overall costs of running the business are going down. That's a very virtuous cycle.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah. So, 5% customer growth with flat cost to service is actually how you guys sound like you can sustain for a bit, not necessarily those numbers, but at least directionally.
Thomas M. Rutledge - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's our goal.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Ben, you'll remember what it took to get there. So, it took a lot of quarters of higher investment both in CapEx and OpEx, patients on the revenue line to develop as you went after growth for the reasons that Tom talked about and to put in the right operating practices. So similar to what we had at Charter, as we go put that in place on a larger set of assets at Time Warner Cable and Bright House, those Charter shareholders have been around with us for a while, we'll recognize that and new shareholders will need to look back to what we did and how it developed to see the progress.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Thomas M. Rutledge - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Operator, next question, please.
Operator: Jonathan Chaplin of New Street Research. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): Thanks. First of all, Chris, thanks for giving us all the detail that you did today around future disclosure; that's hugely helpful. A quick question for both  I guess both Chris and Tom, looking ahead at both your assets and the assets that you're taking over, where do you think broadband and Pay TV penetration can ultimately get to? And then when we look at the difference in revenue per relationship between the Time Warner Cable properties and your properties, sort of leaving the penetration gap aside, is there anything structural accounting for that difference or do you think ultimately you can get their revenue per relationship up to where yours is?
Thomas M. Rutledge - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I don't know how high broadband penetration can go. I think it continues to rise. I think there are other  there are substitution possibilities on the margins that are already occurring. But I think that we have a better infrastructure and we've invested in that better infrastructure, and I think we have an opportunity to take significant share. Broadband or high-speed data as a product is in the 80% of households penetration rate already. I think that'll slowly grow. But our share of it has substantial upside and we intend to take advantage of our assets and try to get there as fast as we can.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: On the...
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): So, Tom, I was thinking of penetration in the context of  your penetration of your households, so sort of low 40%s now. Can that go into sort of the mid 50%s to high 50%s over time?
Christopher L. Winfrey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think what we're trying to do is avoid giving a guidance because typically we don't. And we think we can grow, and that structurally between TWC, Bright House and Charter, there shouldn't be that much difference in terms of where the penetration can get through amongst the three set of assets.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): Got it.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: On ARPU, there are structural differences between Time Warner Cable, Bright House and Charter and that's really a function of how they've gone to market. The biggest one is just the amount of single, double and triple play, which I think we and TWC both disclosed if you work through the numbers there. They've been going to market over the past year, year and a half with a pretty similar triple play, but they still have a very different box for equipment pricing model. And that's one of the areas that we're going to have to work through with new pricing and packaging to put that into the Charter format so that you can have longer-term growth with lower amount of equipment rental and in some cases, no equipment rental in the case of modem fees, and so that does make a difference, and it's pretty similar to Time Warner Cable and Bright House. So there are structural differences in the ARPU. And our goal would be to make sure that as we go through new pricing and packaging, that we actually don't hurt revenue along the way as that continued to grow, both through subscriber volume and customer relationship volume as well as additional PSUs per household.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): Great. Thanks guys.
Thomas M. Rutledge - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Phil Cusick of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, guys, thanks. I wonder if you can clarify for us the $2 million broadband expansion on the FCC concession including the $1 million home overbuild. I think there's a lot of questions about that. Thank you.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We'd be happy to discuss that once the transactions have finally been approved and all the documents and information are public. But I don't think right now is the time to discuss it.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, if I can try a different one. On wireless, my understanding is that you're not registered for the auction, and yet we keep hearing people talk about it. Is there any way you can get back involved in that auction?
Christopher L. Winfrey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I don't think so currently, although there have been cases where auctions have been reopened. But as far as I know, no.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, Tom.
Thomas M. Rutledge - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Operator, next question please.
Operator: Mike McCormack of Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Mike L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Hey guys, thanks. Tom, maybe just a comment on programming deals. Seems like the regulators are gung-ho on direct to consumer and sort of trying to limit distribution power, I guess, over programmers, which is, I think, kind of silly. But I'm just trying to get your sense on how you sort of approach those thoughts and whether or not it will have an impact on the cost of programming longer term.
Thomas M. Rutledge - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Right. Well, the DOJ's consent decree is actually public, and they made comments in their release stating that there wasn't anything in our particular practices that was concern of theirs. But it was more things they discovered in some of the Time Warner agreements. So, our go-to-market strategy and our programming relationships are designed to encourage the sale of our existing products and the development of over-the-top products. Our broadband package and the capabilities of our broadband service are realized when customers use it. And they use it when they subscribe to over-the-top services. Video is the most bandwidth-intensive product there is. So, we have a superior network, which we've invested to make superior. We've cleared it to create more spectrum available for broadband. We've taken broadband speeds up and capabilities up, and the way that our drive into the marketplace is accelerated is by people perceiving the value of our broadband, and the way they perceive that value is through over-the-top. So, we can hold all those concepts in our head at the same time and go to market, and we do. And we do think that there  that the market is evolving and the price value of products are evolving, and we look to take advantage of that where we can, using our scale and using our strategy with programmers and our relationships with programmers to be as efficient as possible.
Mike L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks, Tom.
Thomas M. Rutledge - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Operator, next question please.
Operator: Craig Moffett of MoffettNathanson. Your line is now open.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Hi. If I could just get a little bit of a clarification on the  on the DOJ piece then as long as it's public. So in the limitation on ADM clauses, I just want to make sure I understand, that wouldn't limit in any way your ability to recognize that the economic value of content is different if it's widely distributed than if it's narrowly distributed. Is that correct?
Christopher L. Winfrey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: That's correct.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: And then a question on enterprise. How do you see the opportunity in enterprise as you look forward and think about stepping up into larger businesses beyond the sort of SMB opportunity that you've worked on so far and how much does that require coordination with Comcast?
Thomas M. Rutledge - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I don't think if it requires any coordination per se, but it does  it is a huge opportunity and we're very underpenetrated, which goes to my comment earlier which is that from our perspective, we're a new entrant, a nascent entrant into an established market. And it's a big market and our penetration is low and our ability to provide high-quality products and to grow that business is good. And so, we don't think it should be necessarily regulated any differently than it is today, but especially for new entrants.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Are there specific products for enterprise customers that you say are more attractive for you initially like, would you say that, first it would be primarily Gigabit Ethernet type of service that you'd be providing and then you would try to sort of move up the value-added stack or have you not really articulated a strategy for large enterprises yet?
Thomas M. Rutledge - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, I should be clear that we serve the business enterprise space today and we sell 10-Gig Internet products, Ethernet products. And we can sell those through a large portion of our footprint. So, from a technology platform perspective, we're highly capable. And we can create new products and take speeds up, whatever the theoretical threshold speeds are, optically we can do and we can efficiently build fiber optics to enterprise customers. So, we already have a full range of customers and full range of products, but our penetration is relatively low.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Thomas M. Rutledge - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Operator, we have time for one last question.
Operator: James Ratcliffe of Buckingham Research Group. Your line is now open.
James M. Ratcliffe - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Hi, thanks for taking the question. If you could go and take a look at the SMB market for a second, where do you think you are in terms of the process  of the impact of the revised pricing and product structures on ARPU in that space and when do you think you kind of lapse that impact? Thanks.
Thomas M. Rutledge - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So I  the way to think about it isn't really to think about ARPU, but to think about the growth rate which we set an accelerated 68% year-over-year. So, we actually created lower priced bundles of packages and we're driving much faster and deeper into the marketplace and the revenue growth associated with that will begin to show up in the following quarters and it will track from a curve perspective very similarly to what we've done in the residential business.
James M. Ratcliffe - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Thomas M. Rutledge - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's really a revamp of our strategy to go to a more fast-growing market share strategy in SMB, just like we do in residential.
James M. Ratcliffe - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And should we expect then once that's all through that you actually start seeing ARPU start to step up in commercial as you add on services and the like?
Thomas M. Rutledge - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, yes absolutely.
James M. Ratcliffe - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Christopher L. Winfrey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, everyone for taking the time to do the call. And we look forward to speaking to you at the Q2 results hopefully as the New Charter, which we've decided to call Charter. Thanks again.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tom Robey - SVP, IR Rob Marcus - Chairman and CEO Dinesh Jain - COO Bill Osbourn - SVP, Controller, Chief Accounting Officer and Acting Co-CFO Matt Siegel - SVP, Treasurer and Acting Co-CFO
Analysts: John Hodulik - UBS Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI Brandon Ross - BTIG Craig Moffett - MoffettNathanson Laura Martin - Needham & Company James Ratcliffe - Buckingham Research Group
 - : Tom Eagan - Telsey Advisory Phil Cusick - JPMorgan Tuna Amobi - S&P Capital IQ Amy Yong - Macquarie Capital Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Time Warner Cable's Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now, I will turn the call over to Mr. Tom Robey, Senior Vice President of Time Warner Cable Investor Relations.
Tom Robey: Thanks, operator, and good morning everyone. Welcome to Time Warner Cable's 2015 fourth quarter earnings conference call. This morning, we issued a press release detailing our fourth quarter and full year 2015 results. Before we begin, there are several items that I want to cover. First, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures. Definitions and schedules setting out reconciliations of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release and trending schedules. Second, today's conference call includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs, and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements herein, due to various factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Time Warner Cable is under no obligation to, and in fact, expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Third, the quarterly growth rates disclosed in this conference call are on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise noted as being sequential. And fourth, today's press release, trending schedules, presentation slides, and related reconciliation schedules are available on our Web site at twc.com/investors. With that covered, I'll thank you and turn the call over to Rob. Rob?
Rob Marcus: Thanks, Tom, and good morning everyone. Some quarters are more fun to report on than others. This one is fun, because it gives me an opportunity to share just how proud I am of what our team has accomplished. We achieved almost everything we set out to do in the fourth quarter and in 2015. We made our network more reliable, our products more compelling, and our customer service better. And significantly, we materially increased our customer base. I am particularly gratified by our full year residential subscriber gains. As we reported earlier this month, we had residential customer relationship net adds of 618,000. That's not just our best ever. It's nearly three times the previous record. And video net adds were 32,000. It's been a long time since we talked about full year video net adds. We also added a million HSD subs, and just over a million phone subs. And we ended 2015 strongly with our best ever Q4 residential customer relationship and PSU net adds. Fourth quarter customer relationships grew in every region, driven by improvements in both connects and disconnects. Connects increased most in LA and Texas, while disconnects came down most in New York City. Importantly, our subscriber improvement over the last eight quarters is beginning to show up in our financial results. Fourth quarter residential revenue growth of 4.6% was the strongest organic growth in more than six years. I think our residential operation is well positioned for 2016 and beyond. And while we continue to turnaround the residential business, business services kept humming along, recording yet another quarter of more than $100 million of year-over-year revenue growth. That makes 18 quarters in a row. While I'm excited about our reported results, I'm equally pleased with the progress we're making in the areas that are under the radar that enhance customer experience and are critical to delivering sustainable growth going forward. We continued our multiyear effort to improve reliability in customer service. Once again in 2015, we invested heavily in our network and equipment. Network investments to drive better reliability and greater capacity included upgrading the power supplies on roughly 10,000 nodes, replacing approximately 19,000 reverse path lasers and splitting almost 13,000 nodes. And in customers' homes we deployed 4.1 million new modems, 2.8 million new set-tops, and 3.5 million digital adaptors, many of which replaced older, less functional CPE. As a result, but year end 65% of our modems were DOCSIS 3.0, up from 47% a year earlier, and approximately two-thirds of our set-top boxes ran our cloud-based guide, up from just over half at the end of 2014. We also made great strides in key residential customer service metrics. Fourth quarter customer care calls per CR were down 13%, and repair-related truck rolls fell 19% from last year. When we had to roll the truck in Q4 we arrived within our industry-leading one hour appointment window more than 98% of the time. And importantly, we resolved customers' issues on the first visit 15% more often than a year earlier. Over the course of the last year we've introduced a number of tools and apps to empower our customers. I'm particularly excited about TechTracker, which now allows our customers to track the whereabouts of their technician and also sends customers a text or email with the technician's name and photo. This way, customers know who is coming, and have an ever better idea of exactly when they'll arrive. During 2015, we completed our rollout of TWC Maxx in Austin, Kansas City, Dallas, Raleigh, Charlotte, and San Antonio. And we began the process in Hawaii, Wilmington, Greensborough, and San Diego. As a result, a significant portion of our footprint now has all-digital video, and HSD speeds up to 300 megabits per second. Fueled by our Maxx investments, at year end almost 45% of our total HSD customers subscribed to speed tiers of 50 megabits per second or greater, and more than half of our HSD subs enjoyed TWC-provided home Wi-Fi. In addition, Time Warner Cable HSD customers can now enjoy Internet access outside the home through nearly 500,000 Wi-Fi hotspots nationwide. We meaningfully enhanced our video product as well. Video customers across our footprint now have access to 30,000 VOD assets. During the year we augmented our TWC TV app, adding more linear and VOD offerings, and making it available on more platforms. The TWC TV video experience inside the home is fast becoming indistinguishable from our traditional set-top box-based offerings. In fact, for shadowing the video product of the future, we're trialing an IP video offering that eliminates the need for a leased set-top box. The TWC TV experience outside the home is also becoming more robust, with a 100 live channels and 9,000 choices of VOD content from 64 networks. And even phone is more compelling than it's ever been, with unlimited calling to countries comprising half of the world's population, and apps that enable customers to make and receive unlimited calls from anywhere. All this is driving lower churn and better customer satisfaction scores. To be clear, we know we have a long way to go, but I'm encouraged and impressed by the progress we've made. Consistent with our practice last year, during the Comcast deal, we will not provide guidance during the tenancy of the merger with Charter. But you shouldn't assume that means we're standing still. Quite the contrary, we have an ambitious 2016 financial and operating plan marked by continued subscriber growth, better financial performance, and continued investment to improve the customer experience. We plan to continue the rollout of TWC Maxx, completing cities begun in 2015, and adding cities primarily in the Northeast and Midwest. We've set new, even more ambitious targets for network reliability, repair call, and truck roll reduction, on-time arrival, and first call resolution. We'll continue to enhance our products, and we'll continue to drive business services hard, because our opportunity there remains enormous. And as you'd expect, we have every intention of capitalizing on the political advertising opportunity from this year's elections. Before I close, let me provide a quick update on the status of our deal with Charter. Both the integration planning and regulatory review processes continue to move forward. Together with Charter, we're working constructively with FCC, and DOJ to ensure that they are in a position to approve the deal expeditiously. As you know, the FCC restarted the 180 days shot clock last week, and we're now at Day 124. New York State approved the transaction two weeks ago. The California PUC held a public hearing on Tuesday evening which went well, and we remain hopeful that the approval process in California can be accelerated. All that said, we're still not in a position to provide you with a specific timetable for closing. 2015 was in incredible year. Despite the many merger-related distractions, our team has delivered with single-minded determination. We're a much stronger company than we were two years ago, and we've got great momentum as we begin the New Year. Going forward, we intend to continue to drive growth, improve the customer experience, and build value for our shareholders. With that, I'll now turn it over to Bill Osbourn, and then Matt Siegel, who will review our Q4 results. After they comment on the quarter, the three of us, along with Dinni will be available for Q&A. Bill?
Bill Osbourn: Thanks, Rob, and good morning everyone. As Rob said, we capped a very good year, with outstanding operating results in Q4. Since we announced subscriber metrics for the year earlier this month, I won't dwell on the full-year accomplishments although there were quite a few. Instead I'll highlight some of the trends underlying the fourth quarter results. The 200,000 residential customer relationships added in the fourth quarter were driven by very strong connects. In fact, Q4 connects were 14% higher than the year ago. Connect improvement was broad based, but California and Texas delivered the biggest year-over-year increases. The three key sales channels, inbound sales, online sales, and direct sales, continued to perform significantly better than the year ago, with strong double-digit growth in each channel. But it was not just a connect story in Q4. Residential customer relationship churn declined by 5% despite the year-over-year increase in new subs who tend to churn more. Fourth quarter churn improvement was driven by a significant improvement in voluntary churn, in addition to lower non-paid disconnects. It's noteworthy that we now have more than 15 million residential customer relationships. Residential PSU net adds of 562,000 were 137,000 better than last year's Q4. The PSU growth was again driven by strong triple play net adds of 205,000. Triple play sell-in at 38% of customer relationship connects remained very strong. Each of the primary residential products did well in the fourth quarter, with 54,000 video net adds, and 281,000 and 227,000 net adds for broadband and voice respectively. On a full-year basis, residential video net adds of 32,000 and broadband net adds of 1 million were the best since 2006. And voice net adds of more than a million were our best ever. The quality of the residential subscriber base continues to be very solid, as the early life churn continues to be significantly lower than a year earlier. With that said, let's move on to our financial results. Fourth quarter revenue at $6.1 billion was up 4.9% year-over-year. And full year revenue of $23.7 increased 3.9% over 2014. We grew fourth quarter Residential Services revenue by $210 million or 4.6%; the best organic year-over-year Residential revenue growth since the second quarter of 2009. We are very encouraged by the revenue acceleration in the second half of 2015. This demonstrates that the plan we set in motion two years ago to drive subscriber growth and in turn drive revenue growth is working. Residential revenue per customer relationship of $106.77 in Q4 was up slightly from last year. As we've explained in prior quarters, our strategy of driving very strong volumes of customer connects at promotional rates that are lower than the average of our existing customer base increases aggregate connect revenue, but naturally tempers ARPU growth. Business Services posted another very good quarter. Revenue increased $109 million or 14.4% year-over-year in Q4. This was the 18th consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth above $100 million. HSD led the way, up 19.1% and contributing significantly more than half the Business Services revenue growth. The balance of the revenue increase came roughly equally from voice which grew 13.8%, and wholesale transport which was up 14.3%. It's noteworthy that Business Services surpassed 1 million voice lines in service in Q4. Other Operations revenue declined 6.8% in Q4. Media sales revenue was down $48 million from last year due to lower political advertising revenue, which was $8 million in the fourth quarter compared to $61 million a year earlier. Fourth quarter other revenue increased primarily due to RSN affiliate fees from our Residential Services segment as well as other distributors of the Los Angeles RSN. Note that affiliate fees from our Residential Services segment are eliminated in consolidation. Next, Matt will cover expenses, cash flow, and the balance sheet. Matt?
Matt Siegel: Thanks, Bill, and good morning. As noted, total company adjusted OIBDA declined $8 million or 0.4% in Q4. Excluding the pension expense increases of $27 million, adjusted OIBDA was up $90 million or 0.9%. On a full year basis, adjusted OIBDA declined $90 million or 1.1%. And excluding the pension expense increase of $108 million, adjusted OIBDA increased $18 million or 02%, somewhat better than we projected on last quarter's call. In Q4, as in recent quarters, we continued to invest aggressively to drive subscriber growth, take care of our expanded customer base, and improve the customer experience. The biggest increase was in sales and marketing where we increased spending by $79 million or 14.7% in support of higher volumes of connects. Sales and marketing in the Residential Services segment grew $48 million or 13.4% while the increase in Business Services was $29 million or 22.7%. Technical operations was up $40 million or 10.3% related in large part to our success in adding customer relationships and PSUs. Customer care, which had been growing at higher rates earlier in the year, grew by just $9 million or 4.1% year-over-year, benefiting from lower call volumes. Programming and content costs, which increased $128 million or 9.7% year-over-year, continued to be the biggest drag on adjusted OIBDA. Contractual affiliate fee increases were the primary driver of higher programming and content costs. In the Residential segment, average programming cost per video sub in the fourth quarter was $42.89, up 386 or 9.9% from last year. Shared functions costs increased 4.3% to $774 million in the fourth quarter, as a result of higher compensation cost per employee including pension expense and higher insurance expense. Moving down the income statement, fourth quarter adjusted diluted EPS was $1.80, down $0.23 from a year ago. Higher depreciation expense resulting from large capital investment we made over the last several years continued to be a driver of low EPS. Full year capital spending of $4.45 billion including $946 million in Q4, was up 8.5% from 2014 due to customer relationship growth as well as investments to improve network reliability, upgrade older customer premise equipment, and expand our network to additional residences, commercial buildings, and cell towers. In 2015, we added 66,000 commercial buildings to our network, representing an estimated $975 million in serviceable annual opportunity. Full year free cash flow of $2.2 billion was 7.5% lower than in the prior year mainly due to an increase in capital expenditures partially offset by an increase in cash provided by operating activities. Free cash flow was $883 million in the fourth quarter, down less than 1% year-over-year due to higher capital spending and cash taxes partially offset by a change in working capital. Note that we had already made our December tax payment when the extension of bonus depreciation was enacted. Our overpayment of roughly $120 million could be applied to reduce this year's taxes. At the end of 2015, net debt stood at $21.3 billion, down $1.6 billion from year end 2014. Our adjusted net leverage ratio was 2.77 times at year end 2015. So to summarize, the very strong operating momentum is beginning to transfer into stronger financial performance. We're very pleased with the trajectory of the business, and we believe that we're very well positioned to deliver strong financial performance in 2016. With that, let me turn it back over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Matt. Operator, we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the conference call. We would ask that each caller ask a single question so that we can accommodate as many callers as time permits. First question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from John Hodulik from UBS. Sir, you may ask your question.
John Hodulik: Hey, thanks. Rob, it looks like the FCC is moving forward again to try to sort of unbundle the set-top box from the cable service, and maybe circulated NPRM. I know I've asked you about this before, but what's your view on that process, and where it leads, and what does it mean for Time Warner Cable and the cable industry? Thanks.
Rob Marcus: Thanks, John. The fact sheet that the FCC circulated yesterday is a little hard to decipher. So I'm not sure we really understand exactly what's being proposed yet, and as you say, it's an NPRM process, and my expectation is that sometime after the meeting in mid-February we'll get a clearer view of exactly what is being proposed. But from what I can glean from the materials that have been shared, it appears to me that this is an attempt to create regulation that is really unnecessary given the advances that have been made driven by marketplace forces. And in particular what I mean is that almost every MVPD, if not every MVPD, has over the last several years made great strides to make their video products available through multiple different devices to give customers a lot more choice than they ever had, and that's happening without any imposition of regulation, which as we all know can have unintended consequences that it can actually stymie or thwart innovation as opposed to advance it. So I'm highly skeptical, but I really do want to reserve judgment until we see the specifics of what's being proposed. We in particular have been at the forefront of some of the developments in the delivery of IPTV, not only through our TWC TV app, which serves as a complement to our traditional video service. It enables customers to consume our video product in all sorts of IP-enabled devices, but more recently, through the trial that we're doing in New York City which represents kind of the first stage of a potential substitutional service which would enable customers to enjoy our video service without leasing a set-top box, so again, hard to really see the need for regulation in an environments that's as dynamic and as vibrant as this one.
John Hodulik: Great. Thanks, Rob.
Tom Robey: Thanks, John. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jessica Reif Cohen from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. You may ask your question.
Jessica Reif Cohen: Thank you, good morning everyone. Your programming costs are still growing at roughly double-digit rates. Can you talk about the outlook for 2016, and beyond if you can? And as part of that, can you comment on how you see the bundle evolving?
Rob Marcus: Jessica, we're not going to give specific guidance on 2016 programming expense, just as we're not really going to give any other guidance. I would tell you, I don't expect any near-term fundamental change in the trajectory of programming cost growth. In the fullness of time, do we see the growth rate we've seen for the last, I don't know, how many number of years moderating? I think it's certainly a very interesting time. And there are some reasons to believe that in fact long-term programming cost growth might moderate. One of the points of leverage historically that programmers have had is that if we cease to carry a particular network due to an inability to reach an agreement, customers who wanted that network would have no other choice but to switch to an alternative MVPD, and that certainly put pressure on us at the negotiating table. I think as you see more and more programmers making their networks or their content available on an a la carte basis direct to consumers I think that dynamic changes, and it does potentially shift leverage in a manner that could allow us to moderate programming cost growth. But again, very early days in those kinds of trends, and there's a lot of things that go into programming cost growth, so I'm hesitant to make any firm prediction at this point.
Jessica Reif Cohen: Thank you. Can I just follow-up maybe just on HSD penetration still seems pretty low given the increasing, you said like a la carte, there is OTT et cetera, where do you expect it to trend for you over time?
Rob Marcus: Again, I'm going to refrain from making longer term projections. We added a million HSD customers in 2015. We're looking forward to robust growth in 2016. So we think there continues to be room to grow, and that's what we're focused on doing for now.
Jessica Reif Cohen: Thank you.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Jessica. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Vijay Jayant from Evercore ISI. Sir, you may ask your question.
Vijay Jayant: I just wanted to drill down on your Maxx market performance. Obviously we see total company performance, and it's all improving, but can you sort of compare and contrast in the Maxx markets what customer behavior is on take rates on advanced services and churn characteristics so we can understand when we do the full transition what the company could look like? Thanks.
Rob Marcus: I'll start on that one, and if Dinni has anything to add he'll chime in, but I think the general takeaway from the work we were doing in the Maxx markets is that the improvements to our product set, the reliability of the product sets and overall customer satisfaction are all really -- we're getting very positive feedback across the board there. And I think it's starting to show up in our numbers. We've had churn improvement across our footprint, but even more significant churn improvement in the earliest of our Maxx markets, New York, and LA. So it's all favorable. At this point, we haven't seen any material change in take rates on what I guess -- what you're calling is the end services, I can't think of what you might be talking about except maybe transactional VOD, but there's nothing else that would jump out at me as something that would logically flow from the features and benefits that we're rolling out in Maxx markets. But overall we're very pleased with the investments we're making, and that's why in '16 we have a pretty healthy lineup of markets that will be moved to Maxx.
Vijay Jayant: If I can have a quick follow-up on your IP Video plans. Are your programming rights allow you to offer these services on a non-facilities base? Meaning, can you do it outside your broadband footprint?
Rob Marcus: I'm not going to talk about details of our programming agreements. What I will say is that the offering we're trialing in New York is explicitly directed at in-home video viewing. It really is designed to be an alternative to our traditional set-top box-based video product. Separately, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we're always working towards augmenting our outside-of-the-home video offering. And as we said, that -- The channel lineup and the VOD content that's available outside the home is growing pretty quickly, and we think that's a nice value add for our video customers. But the IP TV trial that you're referring is really targeted at in-home viewing.
Vijay Jayant: Thank you so much.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Vijay. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question is from Richard Greenfield from BTIG. Sir, you may ask your question.
Brandon Ross: Hi, it's actually Brandon Ross. A couple of questions, one, with Google Fiber talking about a large scale build-out in LA, why should investors not be concerned about that?
Rob Marcus: So Brandon, we've talked about Google before as a competitor. As you probably know, our experience with Google is still pretty much limited to the Kansas City market, where Google is available in roughly, let's say, 350,000 to 400-and-some-odd thousand homes in the region is the range they're at that's sort of the state of their development. In some places it's theoretically available but it's not yet really being offered. In any event, we -- they're a real competitor. We've certainly experienced some element of sub losses in Kansas City. But as they move into other markets, and the most near-term market is Austin, where they're just getting started. We think as a result of the experience we've had in KC, that we're much better positioned to compete with Google in future markets than we've ever been. And in part that relates to the rollout of TWC Maxx, where we think our products are not just more capable with HSD speeds up to 300 megabits a second, and all digital video, but also much more reliable. And add to that the fact that we've deployed increased Wi-Fi hotspots in those markets. We think we're very well-equipped to compete with Google wherever they end up going. And as we know from experience, these - the time between announcements about considering a particular market and actually being in markets are multi-year endeavors. So, to the extent that anything happens in LA, I think we're a number of years out.
Brandon Ross: Right. And just following up on an earlier answer that you gave, you said that there's the potential for a leverage shift in programming negotiations because networks are offering more content available over their top. What about the outlook though for sports programming costs?
Rob Marcus: I don't really -- I'm not distinguishing much between the two. We've not seen as much in the way of direct-to-consumer availability of sports programming. So to the extent that that's different than the comment I made about a leverage -- a potential leverage shift. And I don't want to get too far ahead of myself here. I don't think we've really quite seen it yet. And I raise it only as a long-term potential. But if in fact sports programming was available on that basis, same thought would apply.
Brandon Ross: And just one more, Verizon's been touting the success of Custom TV. How come you guys -- or what's your thought process around offering a similar type choice for customers?
Rob Marcus: Yes, Brandon, for long time now I've been an advocate of providing customers with choice, whether that's in HSD or video. On the HSD side, we offer our many tiers -- many speed tiers and consumption tiers because we think that a one-size-fits-all approach doesn't yield maximum benefit to us. Same goes true -- goes for video. And the only reason that we haven't run headlong into a Custom TV-type solution is that we've really made a great effort to simplify our offerings as we tried to turn our residential business around, and keeping things simple. Meaning limiting ourselves really to one lead triple-play offer with a couple of different flavors, and focusing on a simple approach has served us very well. And I think that's in part what's driven our recent subscriber success.
Brandon Ross: Great, thank you.
Tom Robey: Brandon thanks for your question. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Craig Moffett from MoffettNathanson. Sir, you may ask your question.
Craig Moffett: Thanks. I'm going to see if I can squeeze in two if I could. First I guess for Dinni, -- so if I think about the turnaround that's happened, you've passed the first threshold of subscriber growth. Now you've passed the second threshold of revenue growth. I know you can't give guidance, but can you just talk a little bit about when we could expect to see the final leg of that, which is EBITDA and profitability growth follow. And then Rob, I wonder if you could just talk about wireless a bit. You're in kind of an awkward situation now in that the wireless auction will begin before your merger is completed based on the California timeline. How do you think about what you might do in wireless given those constraints?
Dinesh Jain: Craig, yes, I think -- obviously I am not going to give guidance as you suggested even in the way you asked the question. But what I can say is that what happens after you get the subscriber growth approximately a year later as we are seeing, we start to see the revenue growth. And I think that what seems to lag in the EBITDA growth is often the scaling effect that you have in the business. There are certain decisions that we've made to bolster our customer service in the call centers and with the tech. But as you get to a point where we're reaching a normalized operating run rate, the year-over-year investments in them -- in that area don't continue to go up. In fact over time, as we've discussed in this call, those will actually start to come down, because as error rates reduce. So I think we're right on plan from where we would like to be. We're doing around the same level of Maxx each year, so that we're not having to scale up for Maxx as you know every year. And if things continue like they continued last year, I think we would see that just according to our overall plan.
Rob Marcus: So Craig, I'll give you a little bit more without any specific numbers. In our prepared remarks, we did say that our 2016 plan contemplated continued subscriber growth and better financial results. And when we say better financial results, we mean not just revenue but also OIBDA. So, put that in. You can factor that comment in. In terms of wireless, I am not really sure I have much to add to things like previously said in this area. Obviously, we're not going to be participating in the spectrum auction. And our focus in the mobility space has been on the continued deployment of our Wi-Fi access points. We think that adds value to our HSD customers. And we're going to continue to spend to expand that network. And at this point, that's the extent of our wireless game plan.
Craig Moffett: Right. Thank you.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Craig. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ms. Laura Martin from Needham & Company. You may ask your question.
Laura Martin: I would love to ask you for more color on consumer demand metric. So with all this fabulous products you now have, could you talk about consumer usage? Are you seeing more consumption of the video product? I would love to learn if you have any insights in terms out of home versus in home. In home, how much shifting to on-demand versus stay-at-home linear feeds? Thank you.
Rob Marcus: Yes, I am not sure how granular we can get on the call, Laura although it's we can certainly follow up on. Let me give you a couple of high level numbers. Our usage of the TWC TV app has grown materially over the last year. I think in December, we had something like 20 million sessions. And I think somewhere approaching 10% of our customers actually use the app. So, it's starting to get good traction and certainly adds to the value proposition. Most of that use is in home. And frankly, most of that use is on a couple of platforms iOS and android with growing use on local devices as well as some of the other platforms. In terms of linear versus on demand, I don't have the stats at my fingertips and we can probably follow-up with that.
Tom Robey: Great. Thanks, Laura. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from James Ratcliffe from Buckingham Research Group. You may ask your question.
James Ratcliffe: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just two quick ones, if I could. First of all, following up on John's question around set-top boxes, I mean the last time we tried third party set-top boxes. It seemed like most people didn't actually want to buy box. Has anything changed since then? Particularly, what's your experience of people buying the modems? What share of the customer base purchased the modem? That seems much more straightforward cost-benefit analysis than a set-top with every user interface et cetera? And secondly, could you just update us what percentage of the footprint actually has Maxx at this point? And what the increase was in '15? Thanks.
Rob Marcus: Okay. So just to give you the stat on customer-owned modems, I think roughly 14.5% of HSD customers bring their own modem. It's an interesting question as to whether or not there is real aversion to leasing a set-top box and how much demand there will be for an alternative. We think giving customers the choice is the right way to go. And those customers who want to continue to lease a set-top box from us will be satisfied through a program when we do that. And those that do not, we would like to give the opportunity to consume our video product a different way through a device that they might otherwise own already or that they might go out and purchase themselves. So we think that customer choice is the order of the day there. And we'll have to see how the demand is. We know that in the trial that we are doing and there is obviously a lot of self selection and trial, but the feedback we're getting is extremely favorable. Thank you for doing this. That's what we wanted. So, we'll have to see. It's one of the reasons why we're doing the trial is to understand exactly how interesting this is to customers. In terms of Maxx, it's a little tough to say because we're completed in some markets, and then, we are in-process in others. I would say from a totally completed perspective, if you measure it based on customer relationships or homes path, and I think it's more or less the same. I think we're probably in the low 40s% range. Partially completed, we're somewhat higher than that. And probably give or take half of that happened in 2014 -- '15 excuse me, with the first half being in 2014.
James Ratcliffe: Great. Thank you.
Tom Robey: Thanks, James. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is Marci Ryvicker from Wells Fargo. You may ask your question.
Stephan Bisson: Good morning. It's Stephan on for Marci. I think you guys have done various trials on usage-based pricing. Do you have any thoughts on implementing it more broadly throughout the footprint?
Rob Marcus: Yes, Stephan. We actually are beyond and have been for many years beyond the trial phase. We've offered across our footprint for several years; two different usage-based offerings, one, which enables customers to use five gigabytes a month and another, which enables customers to use 30 gigabytes a month. And the way we think about those are that they are complements to our unlimited offering, and again are consistent with this theme that I have talked about several times of giving customers choice. The uptake, candidly, has not been significant. We probably got somewhere in the tens of thousands of customers that subscribe to those two tiers combined. That said, we think the choice is nice for customers to have and we're not intending to discontinue them.
Stephan Bisson: And on the higher side, so maybe in terms of are there any caps currently, and
Rob Marcus: No, our unlimited service is unlimited.
Stephan Bisson: Great, thanks so much.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Marci. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tom Eagan from Telsey Advisory. Sir, you may ask your question.
Tom Eagan: Great. Thanks a lot. A follow-up from a previous question, among your earliest customers on the new triple play promo from a year ago, again what was -- when the price increases by about 20 bucks, what is it showing on those subs? Thanks.
Dinesh Jain: We're finding that the retention rate -- we're retaining more than we were retaining, Tom, before we started this offer. So our overall retention both of the customer itself and of ARPU is higher than what we were previously experiencing.
Tom Eagan: Great. Thank you.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Tom. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Phil Cusick from JPMorgan. Sir, you may ask your question.
Phil Cusick: Hi, guys. Thanks. So we are seeing ARPU picking up nicely. Can you talk about the balance of new subs coming in and price increases as we think about ARPU and revenue growth this year, obviously with forecasting? And then, customer reaction to the recent price increase, how do you think that influences the ramp and as well as disconnect and cord cutting issues? Thanks.
Rob Marcus: Boy, a lot of stuff there, Phil. In terms of ARPU, let me just talk about some general dynamics, and I don't think they are new dynamics, but we should talk through them anyway. When we are ramping gross connects as we have been, those customers by and large come in at promotional rates which are lower than the rates that our existing base is paying, and as a result, it was a dilutive effect on ARPU, although we like the fact that we're increasing aggregate connect revenue. Disconnects also have an impact on ARPU, and interestingly, what we've experienced recently is that our disconnect -- the revenue per customer that disconnects is also lower than the base. So disconnects actually oddly have the impact of increasing ARPU, but if you have fewer of them on a trend basis, it actually -- the better you do at retaining customers as opposed to letting them disconnect, the worse the effect on ARPU. And then obviously, there's what happens to the existing base and that's adding to ARPU. So those are the dynamics that are going on, and obviously as you do better in terms of taking customers off of promotions on to higher rates as you increase rates more generally, the impact on the existing base and then on the total ARPU improves, and that's what we're setting out to do. But I don't think there is going to be change in the dynamic that as we ramp across connects or as we continue add a whole lot of new customers that will by definition have a dilutive impact on ARPU. In terms of the customer reaction to rate and fee increases, I guess without getting into specifics what I would say is that the increases the customers are seeing on their bills this year are pretty comparable to what we did last year. We adopted the same general strategy of a unified rate and fee increase, which means that customers would not see more than one increase in a given year. And what we also stuck with was the strategy of applying the increases as broadly as we could, and therefore minimizing the impact on any individual customer. That worked quite well last year. And I think we were able to, as you can see from the churn numbers, managed through the rate increase quite well. It's early days in this year's cycle, but our expectation is that we'll be effective in managing churn this time around as well.
Phil Cusick: Got it. Thanks, Rob.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Phil. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tuna Amobi from S&P Capital IQ. You may ask your question.
Tuna Amobi: Hey, thank you very much. So Rob, I was trying to understand in terms of the timeframe that you've updated early in call for the closing, it seems to me that -- did you tuck-in someone reading to that, there might be a little more uncertainty in terms of the timing? I think in the last call, you had suggested early 2016 closing. And from everything we have heard, seems like the timeline was on track. And the restarting of the clock, do you foresee anything else that might maybe perhaps delay the closing beyond Q1 of this year?
Rob Marcus: So Tuna, let me start with what you said I said, which I don't think is accurate. I think last quarter what I said was that closing in 2015 looked ambitious without any specificity around when in 2016 we might close. The current short clock, if there are no further delays, will expire towards the end of March. As we know, California has published a timeline that takes us into June although we remain hopeful that we can accelerate that. At this point, it's impossible for me to predict whether or not the FCC would stop the clock. Again, I have no indication that they would. But again, this is an informal short clock and they have a lot of latitude in how they proceed. So I wouldn't describe there will be more uncertainty at all. We are further along than we were when we were last on the phone with you, especially given the approval in New York and continued progress elsewhere, but that's about all about I can say. But I certainly wouldn't characterize it as more uncertainty.
Tuna Amobi: Okay, fair enough. I stand corrected. Thank you.
Tom Robey: Thank you, Tuna. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Amy Yong from Macquarie Capital. You may ask your question.
Amy Yong: Thanks. I understand that you are walking away from guidance -- excuse me, but can you comment on the trajectory of CapEx spend for '16 and beyond? What are the bigger buckets? Maxx going all digital, and can you parse out what could be considered onetime? Thanks.
Rob Marcus: Let me try to do it at a very high level and maybe Matt you can supplement it. As we said, we're not going to give specific CapEx guidance. But what I will say is that the things that drove capital spending in 2015 continue to be higher priorities for us, and what I mean in particular are we're going to continue to spend to drive growth, and what I mean by that is continue to spend on line extensions, both residential and commercial. In other words, adding buildings to our network. We'll continue to spend on cell tower back haul in that area. We are going to continue to spend to accommodate the growth that we're driving in units, which means spending CPE and on adding network capacity because not only we're adding units but customers are using our services more. So that means we need to spend on capacity. And then the last big bucket is that we're spending on improving the customer service -- customer experience and that's really where the Maxx work comes in. And as we said, we have an ambitious schedule for Maxx deployments in 2016. So at a high level, that's sort of how we're thinking about the buckets of capital. And I should add in addition to Maxx as part of the customer experience effort, and this is something that was very true in 2015, we'll continue to replace customers' set-top boxes that are older less functional. And we think that really does have significant payback in terms of improving the customer experience. Matt, I don't know if there is really anything to add.
Matt Siegel: No.
Rob Marcus: Okay.
Amy Yong: Great, thanks.
Tom Robey: Thank you, Amy. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jonathan Chaplin from New Street Research. You may ask your question.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thanks. Dinni and Rob, I would love to get your thoughts on what's driving the acceleration in broadband subscriber growth that you have seen in your business, but we've seen for the industry in general? How much of it is coming from company specific things you've done around rolling out Maxx and changing pricing versus just increasing broadband and the utility of the board band product and customers increasing willingness to -- reliance on speed and willingness to pay for it? And what I am wondering about ultimately is to what extend we in the early stages of a trend of acceleration, we could see even higher growth next year versus this being sort of a function of onetime benefits that you've implemented this year?
Dinesh Jain: Jonathan, I don't think that what we experienced in 2015 is the product of onetime benefit. I think it's a product as we've said during the course of this call it's the product of better operational focus. Focus on things like driving down disconnect, on priming our connect machines through the various channels that we've talked about. And I think it's through the work that we are doing in things like Maxx where we are delivering a better customer value proposition in the HSD space overall. So, I think it's the aggregation of those things. And as Rob said in an earlier question, we think that there is a lot of growth in front us in the HSD space. So, we expect -- the growth that we've seen in 2015, we believe is sustainable.
Rob Marcus: And then only thing I would add to it, Jonathan, is it's not just going happen. There is an awful lot of work on our side that needs to continue to occur in order for us to remain competitive in the broadband space. It's already a competitive market, but it's a dynamic market where new competitors are entering all the time and augmenting their capabilities. So we have to continue to improve our product, improve our customer service, make sure that it's incredibly reliable in order to continue grow at the kind of space that we've been able to achieve.
Jonathan Chaplin: Got it. Thank you.
Tom Robey: Great. Jonathan, thanks very much. Operator, I think that's probably all we have time for this morning. Thanks to everyone for joining us. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer William F. Osbourn, Jr. - Senior Vice President, Controller, Chief Accounting Officer & Acting Co-Chief Financial Officer Matthew Siegel - Senior Vice President, Treasurer & Acting Co-Chief Financial Officer Dinesh C. Jain - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC Amy Yong - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC Ryan Fiftal - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. James M. Ratcliffe - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Michael L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US)
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Time Warner Cable Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now, I will turn the call over to Mr. Tom Robey, Senior Vice President of Time Warner Cable Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Candy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Time Warner Cable's 2015 third quarter earnings conference call. This morning, we issued a press release detailing our 2015 third quarter results. Before we begin, there are a couple items I want to cover. First, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures. Definitions and schedules setting out reconciliations of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release and trending schedules. Second, today's conference call includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements herein, due to various factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Time Warner Cable is under no obligation to and, in fact, expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Third, the quarterly growth rates disclosed in this conference call are on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise noted as being sequential. And fourth, today's press release, trending schedules, presentation slides, and related reconciliation schedules are available on our website at twc.com/investors. With that covered, I'll thank you and turn the call over to Rob. Rob?
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone. I'm extremely excited about the operating momentum reflected in our third quarter results. Q3 was just the latest in a seven quarter string of improving performance. Subscriber growth was simply fantastic. Revenue growth accelerated and we continued to make significant investments in our network, equipment, products, and customer service. I'm particularly proud of what we've been able to accomplish amid a prolonged period of merger-related activity. It's really a testament to our well-thought-out operating plan and the commitment and focus of our entire team: all 55,000 employees who work tirelessly every day to make Time Warner Cable an even better company. Bill will cover our subscriber results in more detail, but I do want to call out a few highlights. This was, without a doubt, our best overall third quarter subscriber performance ever. We added 147,000 residential customer relationships, the first positive third quarter net additions since 2008. Both connects and disconnects were better than in last year's Q3 and the improvement was broad-based. We added customers in each of our geographic regions and fared well against all competitors. Customer relationship gross adds were up and churn was down footprint-wide and most notably in those areas served by U-verse and Fios. Over the last seven quarters, we've added roughly 570,000 residential customers against our three-year goal of adding 1 million CRs. That's a 4% increase in our sub base and well ahead of our original plan. Despite all the talk about a contraction in the broader, multi-channel video marketplace, our video performance was really good. We lost just 7,000 residential video subs in the quarter, the best third quarter result since 2006. And through the end of last week, we're within just 9,000 residential video subs of our goal of posting positive video subs for the full year. Regardless of exactly where we land, this is an incredible turnaround from two years ago. I'm pleased with our financial performance as well. Top-line growth was 3.6%, with a more balanced contribution from Residential and Business Services. Residential revenue increased 2.6%, the best organic third quarter growth since 2010. Business Services turned in yet another quarter of more than $100 million of year-over-year revenue growth. Total company adjusted OIBDA, while down year-over-year, came in a bit better than we anticipated. Consistent with our prior guidance, we still expect full year adjusted OIBDA, ex-pension expense, to be down less than 1% year-over-year. We continue to be single-mindedly focused on improving the customer experience. In Q3, we again delivered improvements in key customer service metrics. Care calls and repair-related truck rolls per customer relationship were down by 11% and 16%, respectively. Our on-time arrival rate, within our industry-leading one hour appointment windows, was 98%. And re-work declined by 11%. As you may have noticed, we've started to highlight some of these customer service improvements in our advertising. We're the first to acknowledge that we've got a long way to go, but the strides we're making are significant. And I'm incredibly proud of what the team has been able to accomplish. We also continued the aggressive rollout of TWC Maxx, including deployments of all digital video and Internet speeds of up to 300 megabits per second. We completed TWC Maxx in Kansas City in August and in Dallas earlier this month. Deployments are progressing well in Raleigh, Charlotte, Wilmington, Greensboro, San Antonio and Hawaii. In addition, we'll start the San Diego rollout in the next several weeks. In addition to Maxx, we continued to invest in our network and equipment across our entire footprint to enhance reliability and the overall customer experience. In the first nine months of the year, we've deployed: 2 million new set-tops, all of which run our Cloud-Based Guide; 3.1 million high-definition digital adapters; and over 3 million advanced wireless gateways. Our investments in reliability and customer service, including TWC Maxx, are starting to bear fruit. Voluntary churn among residential subs is showing very positive trends. In non-Maxx markets, we've driven voluntary churn for each of video and broadband down 15% year-over-year. That's impressive in its own right, but in Maxx markets, voluntary churn is down around twice that. We're also seeing improved customer satisfaction across all geographic regions, with New York City and Los Angeles, our first two Maxx markets, posting the greatest improvements this quarter. So, to the sum it up, we're executing very well. And our customers are beginning to recognize the changes. In the meantime, the team is working well with Charter to obtain the required regulatory approvals for our deal and to plan for the integration of our companies. With that, I'll now turn it over to Bill Osbourn and then Matt Siegel, who will tag team the review of our Q3 results. After they comment on the quarter, the three of us, along with Dinni, will be available for Q&A. Bill?
William F. Osbourn, Jr. - Senior Vice President, Controller, Chief Accounting Officer & Acting Co-Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. As Rob said, we're performing very well. Our third quarter looked a lot like the quarter that preceded it, with continuing progress in Residential Services and a strong performance in Business Services. With that as background, let me turn to the Q3 highlights, starting with customer relationships, where we once again performed exceptionally well. We gained 147,000 residential customer relationships in third quarter, making this is the best third quarter ever. The last time we delivered positive CR net adds in a third quarter was back in 2008. As in the preceding quarter, the Q3 residential CR performance was driven by a 9% increase in connects. The three key sales channels, inbound sales, online sales, and direct sales, continued to perform significantly better than a year ago. Disconnects improved by almost 5% year-over-year, even better than our Q2 performance. Third quarter churn improvement was driven primarily by improvements in voluntary and non-pay disconnects. PSU performance in Q3 was also outstanding. Residential PSU net adds of 462,000 were more than a 0.5 million better than in last year's Q3. The PSU growth was driven by strong triple play net adds. Residential triple play net adds of 218,000 were the best for a third quarter since 2007. It's noteworthy that we now have more than 5 million residential triple play customers. That's roughly a third of our customer relationships. Third quarter residential video subscriber performance was the best in nine years. We came within 7,000 subs of break-even for the quarter. That's 177,000 better than last year. And, as Rob told you, we're still driving towards positive video net adds for the full year, which would be a major milestone. Broadband volume was very strong. Residential net adds of 232,000 were the best for a third quarter since 2006. Through the first three quarters of the year, we've added more than 700,000 residential broadband customers. Residential phone net adds of 237,000 were the strongest for a third quarter in eight years. Through the first three quarters of the year, we've added more than 800,000 residential phone customers. The quality of the residential subscriber base continues to be very solid. ARPU per new connect is up slightly year-over-year and early life churn continued to be materially lower than a year earlier, just a couple of indicators that we're generating higher-quality connects. And similar to Q2, 37% of new customer connects in Q3 were triple plays, which tend to churn less than singles and doubles. With that, let's move on to our Q3 financial results. Total revenue of $5.9 billion was up 3.6% year-over-year. We grew third quarter Residential Services revenue by $120 million, or 2.6%, the best organic year-over-year Q3 Residential revenue growth since 2010. Residential ARPU per customer relationship of $106.42 was roughly flat with last year, with recurring revenue per customer up a tad and non-recurring revenue down slightly. Again, remember that we're driving very strong volumes of customer connects at promotional rates that are lower than the average of our existing customer base, so it's just math that our success in driving volume is increasing revenue growth, but, at the same time, tempering ARPU growth. Business Services posted another excellent quarter. Revenue increased $112 million, or 15.5% year-over-year, in Q3. This was the 17th consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth above $100 million. HSD led the way, up 20.1% and contributing more than half the Business Services revenue growth. The balance of the revenue increase came roughly equally from voice, which grew 15.9%, and wholesale transport, which was up 16.2%. It's worth noting that Q3 sales generally come in a little lower than Q2, due to the timing of E-Rate sales to educational institutions. Nonetheless, third quarter bookings of $20 million were just $1 million short of the record set in Q2. In summary, Business Services is performing very well and we're still targeting at least $5 billion in annual revenue in the Business Services area by 2018. Other Operations revenue declined 4.8% in Q3. Media sales revenue was down $25 million from last year, primarily due to lower political advertising revenue, which was $5 million in the third quarter compared to $26 million a year earlier. And third quarter Other revenue increased primarily due to RSN affiliate fees from Residential Services segment. These revenues are eliminated in consolidation. Next, Matt will cover expenses, cash flow, and the balance sheet. Matt?
Matthew Siegel - Senior Vice President, Treasurer & Acting Co-Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Bill, and good morning. As noted, total company adjusted OIBDA declined $74 million, or 3.6%, in Q3. Excluding pension expense, adjusted OIBDA was down $46 million, or 2.2%. That's roughly $52 million better than the expectation we set last quarter. Adjusted OIBDA has been temporarily reduced by our proactive strategy initiated in 2014 to increase investment functions that touch customers, enhance the customer experience, and improve our operating reliability. Through these efforts, we expect we'll be able to connect more customers and retain them longer, which increases their value. In their remarks, Rob and Bill highlighted the impressive subscriber results our investment is already delivering. I'll cover the financial dimensions of these investments in my comments. As in recent quarters, we continued to invest aggressively in a number of areas in Q3, notably tech ops and customer care, which, together, increased $50 million, or 8.2%. Of course, a significant part of this increase was driven by our success in adding customer relationships. If you look at it on a per CR basis, tech ops and care grew a little over 5% year-over-year. And if you looked at it on a per-PSU basis, the year-over-year increase is even more modest. These functions are instrumental in driving a better customer experience. And investments in these areas go hand-in-glove with our network reliability improvements and TWC Maxx deployments. Furthermore, we increased sales and marketing expense in the third quarter by a similar amount, $52 million, or 9.4%. Unit growth was the big driver here, as sales and marketing per CR connect was actually slightly lower than last year's third quarter. Programming and content costs, which increased $135 million, or 10.2% year-over-year, continued to be the biggest drag on adjusted OIBDA. As in Q2, contractual affiliate fee increases of roughly $100 million and a contractual increase of around $30 million in Dodgers' rights fees were the two biggest components of the increase. In the Residential segment, average programming cost per video sub was $42.43, up $3.47, or 8.9%, from last year. Pension expense increased $28 million in Q3 and $81 million in the first nine months of the year. We expect full year pension expense to be approximately $190 million, a roughly $110 million increase over last year, due almost entirely to the decline in interest rates. Shared functions costs increased 7.2% to $763 million in the third quarter, as a result of higher compensation cost per employee and the lumpiness of certain expense categories, including maintenance and insurance. Through the first three quarters of 2015, adjusted OIBDA, ex-pension, was pretty much flat versus last year. We continue to expect full year adjusted OIBDA, ex-pension, to be down slightly, meaning down less than a percentage point versus last year. Moving down the income statement, third quarter adjusted diluted EPS was $1.62, down $0.24 from a year ago. Higher depreciation expense, which is clear reflection of the large capital investment we're making to accommodate increased subscriber volumes and Internet traffic as well as to improve the operations and future prospects of the company, continued to be a driver of lower EPS. Third quarter CapEx of $1.1 billion reflects strong subscriber growth as well as improvements to the plant and our aggressive investment in CPE as we continue to deploy new set-tops, DTAs, and modems. We also continue to invest in future growth of Business Services, where we connected 18,000 commercial billings to our network in the quarter. Through the first nine months of the year, we added 50,000 commercial billings to our network, representing almost $750 million in serviceable annual opportunity. Free cash flow was $441 million in the third quarter, up 19.8% year-over-year, helped by a positive move in working capital. At the end of Q3, net debt stood at $22.2 billion, down $801 million from year-end 2014. So to summarize, the business is very healthy and we're making tremendous progress on our transformation. We continue to believe that our subscriber and revenue momentum will translate into strong financial performance in 2016. With that, let me turn it back over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Matt. Candy, we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the conference call. We would ask each caller to ask a single question so that we can accommodate as many callers as time permits. First question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Hi. Good morning. A question for you, Rob, about your New York City beta of over-the-top video over Roku and standalone, can you just talk about that product at all and what your ambitions are? It's striking, I think, that you've chosen instead of going in the direction of skinny bundles with that, to go with more of a full-featured service. What was the learning behind that? And maybe you could expand a little on your thinking and your expectations for that product.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Craig. Let me take it in two steps. Let's first talk about the New York City beta and then we'll come back to skinny bundles. So the way I would characterize the New York City trial is really the next step in the evolution of TWC TV. So, when we launched the TWC TV app, which, of course, is our IPTV app, the goal there was to create an offering that was complementary to our traditional video product, to add additional screens on additional IP enabled-devices for customers to consume video. As we move forward and what we're trialing with this beta in New York, is we're going to move that TWC TV capability toward a full video offering that, in fact, could be substitutional for the traditional set-top box-based video product. And where we're headed is the ability of customers to access the complete video product without having to rent a set-top box from us, whether they use a Roku or they use ultimately another IP enabled-device. So what we need to accomplish that is, first, we need to ensure that that video product complies with Title VI of the Telecom Act in the same way that our traditional video service does, meaning emergency alert service, closed captioning, SAP, and all of those things that comply with the law. So we're doing that in the beta. Second thing we've got to do is ensure that we have a complete channel lineup. The TWC TV app already has a very significant channel lineup, but it doesn't include every single PEG channel. And in some markets, there are local channels that aren't yet included. So we need to make sure that that's in there. And then lastly, we really need to take the quality of the video picture from what I would essentially call an SD picture to an HD picture. So we're going to increase the resolution on those pictures to just deliver a better video experience. And then over time, you'll see us add additional features to the TWC TV app until it is, from an experience perspective, indistinguishable from the traditional video product, but with the added benefits of no need to rent a set-top box, and a much, much more streamlined provisioning process. No necessity for a truck roll, you can simply type in your username and password and you have video. So that's what we're trying to accomplish with the beta. Why we chose to offer the full complement of channels really is consistent with our strategy on video overall. We want to make sure that customers can have everything they have via the set-top box. That does not mean that we're not ultimately going to get to a place where we offer alternative bundles via that app as well. We're big fans of customer segmentation. We're big fans of giving customers choice. But right now  and we've been very effective at this, as you can see in our video numbers this quarter. We've actually tried to simplify our offerings, make them easier to buy for customers, and easier to sell for our reps. And that has driven us to kind of simplify our offerings, but that does not mean that in the fullness of time, we won't push hard on things like basic cable plus a premium or our TV Essentials product, both of which are variations on the theme of skinnier bundles. And the last thing I'd note is again this quarter, and this has been true for a couple of quarters now, about 82% of our gross video connects actually took our Preferred TV product. So, for all the talk about skinny bundles, we're doing pretty well offering a full video product.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: That's helpful. Thanks, Rob.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Craig. Candy, next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. You talked about in your prepared remarks that revenue in residential video is up due to volume and promotions. And I feel like we've seen this before at Time Warner Cable. So the question I'm getting at is what's different this time around when people go off the promotion? How are you going to keep people from churning?
Dinesh C. Jain - Chief Operating Officer: Look, I think the first thing just in preface is to say that what we're doing, what we did this quarter, is very similar to what we did the last three quarters, which is that we offer a quality $90 triple play offer out there. And we are very upfront with customers when we're offering that, that at their 12-month anniversary, the price will roll up $20. I think a combination of that transparency on the front-end, coupled with really working hard to nail the customer experience through the life of that first 12 months, will give us a much better churn profile than the past experiences that you're talking about. I think in the past, in one occasion, the value of the going-in bundle was so high that when the prices rolled, the differential was just way too high. That's not the case this time. So we feel really good about what's going to happen. And the very earliest customers that we put on in the triple play bundle last year have started to roll and our experience with those customers has been very positive so far.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you very much.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Marci. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Phil Cusick with JPMorgan.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks. A couple, if I may; first, same theme, different question, I'm trying to square the revenue per user flat year-over-year with the decline in voluntary churn. And so as I think about that voluntary churn decline, is that in line with sort of a decline in people calling up and looking to leave or is that better save efforts that are costing you? How should we think about that? And that I have another question. Thanks.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Phil, it's Rob. I'll try that. First, I think the answer to the second part of your question is both, fewer people attempting to leave and better effectiveness on our retention efforts. In terms of the relationship between the decline in voluntary churn or decline in churn generally and revenue per user, it's kind of a strange dynamic going on. So we talked a lot about the impact of increases in connect volume on ARPU in that the customers we're bringing on in greater numbers now generate less revenue per customer than our existing base. So we drive higher revenue, but lower ARPU. On the other side, on the retention side, interestingly, the customers we're losing right now are also lower than the existing base. So ironically, when you lose fewer of them, you actually have a negative impact on ARPU. And these strange dynamics are why I counsel against putting too much emphasis on ARPU and more emphasis on the combination of both rate and volume and what it means for revenue growth
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, thanks. And then, separate, totally different side of the business, can you talk about the Enterprise partnership across the cable companies? How should we think about that impacting either any acceleration in business going forward or the durability of the business growth over time?
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, just to be clear, there is no such Enterprise partnership. There's been a lot of speculation about possibilities that could come from MSOs working together to explore the Enterprise space, but there is no formal partnership. I think it's an interesting possibility, but still just an idea. For our part, we are aggressively pursuing the Enterprise space, and, in fact, making decent headway on our own. The only catch is that that requires us to essentially rent network from other providers, whether it's other MSOs or other telecom providers, to serve customers who have locations outside of our footprint, which in the case of Enterprise, is more often the case that not. That piece of the product is inherently less profitable than when we serve customers with our own network, but it's still certainly an interesting business opportunity for us.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, Rob.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Phil. Next question, please, Candy.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Amy Yong with Macquarie.
Amy Yong - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thanks. I was wondering if you could spend a little bit of time just talking about the competitive landscape. I think DIRECTV is talking about growing video base and, clearly, you are on track to grow the video base. So who are you actually claiming share from? Is it traditional telco and any updated thoughts on Google Fiber? Thank you.
Dinesh C. Jain - Chief Operating Officer: I'll take the first part of that. I think that what we've seen so far, as Bill mentioned, 9% increase in connects. And that's coming, we believe, broadly from all the areas that we operate in and against all the competitors that we're seeing in the marketplace. We're doing particularly well in areas like L.A., where we've rolled out Maxx, and we've seen some really good growth in connects out there. So I think it's pretty even across the base.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, Amy, just to respond to the last part of your question about Google, I probably should've mentioned this in my proactive remarks, but, at this point, we're really still only seeing significant Google activity in Kansas City. Austin is in very early days. And Raleigh and Charlotte are still in just the announcement phase, as is San Antonio. So we're talking about Kansas City. And in Kansas City this quarter, our gross connects improved and our churn was down, so I'd argue we're competing well against Google also.
Amy Yong - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Amy. Next question, please
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Richard Greenfield with BTIG.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: Hi. A couple of questions, one, just from the standpoint of you're sitting in front of the FCC and DOJ with essentially a pitch of how this transaction is going to be in the public interest. And just wondering, given how much better you're doing and looking at Charter's results, how much better they're doing in terms of providing services, what's the biggest takeaway that investors should think about in terms of how this transaction is going to end up giving even better service to the public through the combination? And then, too, just as you think about all the changes in how bundling is happening, we've heard companies like Disney, obviously, talk about smaller bundles hurting them, where they're getting cut out, wondering if you're seeing regionally any differences between large and small markets in terms of how number of channels or size of package is changing, have you seen notable variations by market at all?
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Rich. Let me take the second one first. The answer is no, we're not seeing any meaningful differences. I still believe that the headlines are way ahead of the reality on this. It's not to say that the trend doesn't exist, but, for our part, we're gaining video customers. And we're doing it largely on the back of a triple play offer that includes our Preferred TV offering, which has all of the channels, so at this point, no meaningful differences out in the marketplace. With respect to the reasons why the regulators should view the deal as being in the public interest, we've gone to great lengths to cover this in excruciating detail in our public filings. And I feel like any shorthand version of it that I give you today is going to be inadequate relative to those filings we've made. They're all available. And I would rather defer to what we've done in those formal filings, rather than try to do it live.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: Fair enough, Rob. Could you just comment? Bob Iger specifically talked about how smaller bundles are hurting his company. Is there something unique to Disney versus what you're seeing in your business? Like why would they be seeing a problem where they're reducing their expectations for subscriber growth and you're not seeing a change in how bundles are occurring?
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You know what? Rich, I can't answer the question as to why it's happening. It's not happening as a result of subscribers that are subscribing to, let's say, ESPN through Time Warner Cable. And we haven't, at this point, perceived that we're losing any jump balls to competitors because they're offering skinny bundles.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: Thank you for clarifying.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Rich. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Ryan Fiftal with Morgan Stanley.
Ryan Fiftal - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I have a follow-up question on the OTT product test and then one wireless, if I can. So, first, on the set-top box free product, I was wondering. How are you thinking about the target returns on that kind of sub versus the more traditional sub? And do you think it potentially makes sense to accept lower returns on that kind of sub if it enables you to go after maybe a target or segment of the market you couldn't reach otherwise?
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The truth, Ryan, is we're thinking about this as the place that our video product evolves to. So we're not necessarily thinking about it as a product that is designed for a particular segment, although, admittedly, it may expand the universe of potential customers by bringing in those types of customers that have been averse to having a set-top box in their family room. When we think about returns, we're going to have to figure out a model here that generates a return that is appropriate for the investments we are making. And that may require that we find a way to replicate revenue that currently comes in the form of set-top box rental revenue, but I think this is early days. The reason we're beta-ing this is to make sure that we understand how to do it technically and to make sure we understand what the provisioning experience is for customers and that, overall, it's good for them. If the product is attractive to customers, I'm fairly confident we're going to figure out a way to generate adequate returns.
Ryan Fiftal - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. That makes sense. And then, in light of the upcoming spectrum auctions, wanted to get your latest views on the longer-term importance of wireless to cable and also thoughts on comparisons of the U.S. versus Europe. The quad-play seems to be getting more traction there or at least the strategic importance of the quad-play seems to be a different perception there versus here. So I'm wondering if you think there's structural differences that drive that. Thank you.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, lots baked into that question; let me start by saying that we have no intention of participating in the spectrum auction. We're going to continue to pursue our strategy of adding mobility to our offerings by continuing to deploy WiFi Hotspots. We think that adds compelling value to our high-speed data product, so we'll continue to pursue that. There's no question that mobility is important to customers, but I think whether or not we to need deliver a quad-play, so to speak, or add a cellular product to our current offerings, I think remains to be seen. Clearly, if the marketplace evolves in such a way that that's an offering that our competitors deliver, then I think we may need to revisit it. And I think that's what's happened in Europe, where you have complete overlap of footprints of wireless and wireline providers and that's the way the competitive market has evolved, but I'm not convinced that it necessarily has to go that way here.
Ryan Fiftal - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Right. Thank you.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Ryan. Candy, next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning. I wanted to see if you could elaborate on what you're seeing in terms of bad debt and non-pay disconnects. You mentioned that both are down, so I just wanted to understand what's driving it. And then also, can you comment on what your latest expectations are for the timing of the deal close? Thank you.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Let me do timing and then I'm going to pass it over to Bill to hit bad debt. So if there's one thing I've learned over the last couple of years, is that I'm not terribly good at predicting when regulators are going to act on our deals. So I'm not going to give you a projected closing date. What I will say is that we are working very well with Charter and with Bright House to ensure that everything we can do to put the regulators in a position to act on our deal expeditiously, we're doing. So we responded to all of the RFIs put out by the FCC. We've responded to the DOJ's second request. We're making very good strides at the states and local franchise levels. In fact, most of the states that we need to approve the deal have approved, and most of the local franchises that need to approve the deal have approved. So we're making good headway there. I think you're well aware of the FCC's comment schedule. Comments were due last week. The responses to those comments are due next week. And then, about 10 days after that, replies to those responses are due. So that kind of will enable the FCC to have a complete record. And my hope is then we'll begin to engage in earnest thereafter, but beyond that, hard to say. From an operational perspective, we're working to be in a position to close as early as this year, but admittedly, at this point, that feels ambitious.
William F. Osbourn, Jr. - Senior Vice President, Controller, Chief Accounting Officer & Acting Co-Chief Financial Officer: As far as bad debt, just to remind everyone, bad debt is expenses composed really of four items. You have your write-offs, which is a major component that occurred during the period. You also have late fees. You also have the change in allowance and actually those are the three main items comprising bad debt. And really, we've seen an improvement year-over-year on the write-offs. And we believe that's a reflection of the better quality customers that we're taking on and also the way we're working with those customers on a consistent basis across the company when we turn them over to a third-party collection expense. Which, actually, third-party collection expense is the fourth component of bad debt expense, although not a large component. So we have improved write-off levels and we also have improved late fees year-over-year, late fee collections, which has contributed to the improved or reduced net bad debt expense year-over-year, and we're hopeful that these trends will continue.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Bryan, thanks. Candy, next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is James Ratcliffe with Buckingham Research.
James M. Ratcliffe - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Morning. Thanks for taking the question. Two if I could, first of all, looking at telephony for a second, maybe not the hottest topic, but how are you seeing what the incremental revenue is looking like from the both telephony up sales for new customers taking triple versus double play and for existing customers and how much room do you think you still have to run in terms of up-selling telephony to the existing base? And secondly, Dinni, just going back to the topic of, call it, box-less services, how do you think about that from a network perspective? And are there prospects to use multi-cache or something like that for (39:55) network load associated with that? Thanks.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: On the telephone piece, I think it's fair to say that the incremental revenue we're generating from the fact that we're selling a whole lot more telephone than we have historically, is modest. We've talked about the fact that new connect revenue per customer is, more or less, the same year-over-year. And that's reflective of the fact that we've lowered the amount we're receiving for each type of cohort, but we're selling a whole lot more triples. And the theory behind that is we think we're delivering a lot more value to our customers. As a result, they're going to be happier customers. And we're going to retain them longer, which, in turn, means they have a greater lifetime value to us. So that's the theory of the case there. The revenue lift when we're adding phone is more modest than it has been in the past, probably in the nature of $10 versus $20-some-odd a while ago. Okay, I'm going to handle your second question as well, James. I think how we scale an IP video product that replaces our traditional video product is one of the reasons we're trialing. With today's technology, every one of those IP streams is a unicast, so it's consuming bandwidth just like a VOD stream. So we don't get the benefit of broadcast efficiency. And figuring out how to manage that on our network is part of the reason why we're beta-ing this particular offering. That said, we feel fairly confident about the capability of our network to ultimately deliver a video product that is IP-delivered, even a unicast IP video product. So that's where we're at.
Dinesh C. Jain - Chief Operating Officer: And it's important to note that about 10% of our customers are already using our TWC TV app and having that experience.
James M. Ratcliffe - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Great. Thanks, James. Next question, please.
Operator: Next question is Mike McCormack with Jefferies.
Michael L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Hey, guys, Thanks. Rob, you pointed out, I think, directly in your prepared remarks regarding U-verse and Fios doing well in those areas. I suspect you'll continue to do well in U-verse, but I guess just thoughts on the competitive landscape, whether or not DIRECTV is getting more aggressive and maybe whether or not you're just seeing Fios focusing more on the mobile side. And secondly, maybe if you can comment on moving to an apps-based world, how pervasive you're seeing password sharing and if that's going to become a problem on the mobile streaming app?
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Let me take the password sharing question first. At this point, we don't see that as a real concern. And we do have the ability to, via DRM, ensure that a single password is not used concurrently more than X number of times to ensure that we control abuse of the passwords. So I think there are methods for taking care of that issue. At this point, it's not a tremendous concern, given where we are in the rollout phase, but it's something that we'll clearly pay attention to going forward. In terms of the Fios, U-verse competitive environment, I think we hit this before, but we attribute our recent positive performance to what we're doing internally, more than any actions on the part of either Fios or U-verse or distractions that might've been plaguing U-verse, given the pendency of the DIRECTV deal or alternatively, Verizon's focus on wireless. We think it's mostly about us. Dinni, I don't know if you want to add?
Dinesh C. Jain - Chief Operating Officer: No. We've certainly seen the activity that AT&T, DIRECTV have put out it in the market, but it's too early right now for us to see what the effect of that is going to be.
Michael L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks, guys.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Mike. Candy, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Jonathan Chaplin with New Street Research.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): Thanks. I just would love to follow up quickly on the over-the-top offering. It would seem to me that the savings you guys get from not having to deliver a set-top box and a truck roll should more than offset the revenue you lose from set-top box rentals. And it seems like you're not willing to state that specifically at this stage and I'm just wondering why, and what the other sort of puts and takes in the economics of the IP offering, video offering are? And then, I'm wondering if you can comment a little bit where you see broadband pricing going over time. Our analysis suggests that broadband as a product is underpriced. As part of the merger conditions, you made a concession to not moving towards usage-based pricing for a number of years. I'm wondering if that's something that you felt the FCC required, or that came up during the course of the Comcast, Time Warner Cable discussions and why you needed to offer that up as a condition. Thank you.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. So a lot there, let me start with your first question. And I think I might have fallen into this trap as well, but let me make very clear, our beta, our IP video offering, is not over-the-top. I know it's common to us to equate IP with over-the-top. In fact, this is a video service that we're delivering over our facilities, not over anybody else's. Over time, there may be a TV Everywhere component to this, just like there is one to our traditional video offering. But what we're talking about here is a managed video service over our network, so just to get that clarification out of the way. In terms of economics, I think we don't really know, but let me give you some of the puts and takes and I think you've isolated a couple of them. Clearly, the service model may be fundamentally different. The install process will be far less labor-intensive. And that's certainly a good guy in terms of the economics of doing the business. It's certainly a less capital-intensive model, in that customers will likely bring their own devices. And that will reduce the CPE capital requirements for us. By the same token, at least with today's technology, there may be a greater bandwidth requirement, so that's an offset the other way. And then, the care model, I think, really needs to evolve. And we don't yet know how that's going to work, and that's why I'm a little hesitant to declare exactly what the economics are. But I think it's reasonable to assume that this is a model that could turn out to be more interesting, more compelling for us, but, more importantly, we think it's going to be a great customer experience. And ultimately, that's what's driving our interest in pursuing this thing. In terms of the broadband pricing question, I can't give you an outlook on where broadband pricing is going, except to say we're going to continue to deliver more and more utility to customers. And, generally speaking, where customers get more value out of your products, they're willing to pay more. But what we actually charge is going to be a function of what the marketplace dictates. It's a very competitive market out there. And we're going to have to continue to price our products in a way that allows us to acquire and retain them. On usage-based pricing concession, as you describe it, I'll say it's not really appropriate for me to answer the question. Charter, as the acquirer, made the concession or offered up that they would not implement usage-based pricing. They don't implement usage-based pricing today, so I think it's a better question for Tom and his team as to what their thinking was on offering that up.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): Great. Thank you.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Jonathan, thank you.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: And thanks to everyone for joining us. To give you a little bit of advanced notice, Time Warner Cable's next quarterly conference call, which will reflect our fourth quarter and full year 2015 results, will be held on Thursday, January 28, 2016 at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time, of course, assuming we're still around. Thanks for joining us. Have a great day
Operator: Thank you for your participation. That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer William F. Osbourn, Jr. - Senior Vice President, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer and Acting Co-Chief Financial Officer Matthew Siegel - Senior Vice President & Treasurer and Acting Co-Chief Financial Officer Dinesh C. Jain - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Amy Yong - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Michael L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC Laura A. Martin - Needham & Co. LLC James M. Ratcliffe - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. David Carl Joyce - Evercore ISI Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Thomas W. Eagan - Telsey Advisory Group LLC
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Time Warner Cable Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mr. Tom Robey, Senior Vice President of Time Warner Cable Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Candy, and good morning everyone. Welcome to Time Warner Cable's 2015 second quarter earnings conference call. This morning, we issued a press release detailing our 2015 second quarter results. Before we begin, there's several items I need to cover. First, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures. Definitions and schedules setting out reconciliations of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release and trending schedules. Second, today's conference call includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements herein, due to various factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Time Warner Cable is under no obligation to, and in fact expressly disclaims any such obligation, to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Third, the quarterly growth rates disclosed in this conference call are on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise noted as sequential. Fourth, today's press release, trending schedules, presentation slides and related reconciliation schedules are available on our website at twc.com/investors. With that covered, I'll thank you and turn the call over to Rob. Rob?
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tom, and good morning everyone. It was a very eventful quarter, or should I say another in a series of very eventful quarters, at Time Warner Cable. In the span of a little more than a month, we terminated the Comcast merger and entered into a second and even more attractive agreement with Charter. As this is our first earnings call since the Charter announcement, let me start there. As I've said countless times over the last couple of years, we are and have always been committed to maximizing shareholder value. The Charter deal delivers on that commitment. The combination of Charter, Time Warner Cable and Bright House will create a leading broadband services and technology company with almost 24 million customers in 41 states. The increased scale of the new company should yield increased investment and greater efficiencies, resulting in better products and service and more competition, both for consumers and businesses. The deal terms recognize Time Warner Cable's unique value and I believe strike the right balance between value certainty and upside opportunity for our shareholders. And we expect that the new company will continue to employ the vast majority of Time Warner Cable's employees. So in short, this is a really good deal all the way around for our customers, our shareholders and our employees. We're well into the process of seeking regulatory approvals and planning for integration of our operations. Through the drama, uncertainty and press coverage, our team impressively maintained its focus on operations, delivering yet another strong quarter. To the Time Warner Cable team, I want to extend my sincere thanks for continuing to exceed my lofty expectations. Our second quarter results are the latest in a six quarter trend of significant and dramatic operational improvement. We added 66,000 residential customer relationships, the first positive second quarter net addition since 2008 and our best second quarter ever. We added 233,000 triples and more than 0.25 million voice subs, both records for a second quarter, and posted our best video and broadband second quarter in years. Recall that when we disclosed our three-year operating plan 18 months ago, I said that we would add 1 million residential customer relationships over the course of the plan. At the time, we made clear that it was a back-end loaded plan, and I think most of you probably thought it was a pretty ambitious target. Well, halfway through the plan period, we've added 421,000 residential CRs, which puts us well ahead of schedule. And our subscriber momentum has continued into July, which adds to my confidence that we'll hit or exceed the 1 million customer bogey. As for our financial performance in the quarter, top-line growth was solid at 3.5%, driven by another quarter of exceptionally strong growth in Business Services as well as organic Residential growth, which matched Q1 as the best in the last four years. As in Q1, we continued to prioritize improving the customer experience, both through investment in the capability and reliability of our network and customer premises equipment and by spending to enhance sales, technical operations and customer care. As a consequence, Q2 adjusted OIBDA, excluding pension expense, was essentially flat. The investments we're making are already yielding results. We completed the TWC Maxx deployment in Austin, and we're on track to complete Maxx rollout in Dallas, San Antonio, Raleigh, Charlotte, Kansas City and Hawaii by year-end. As we mentioned on last quarter's call, we'll start the Maxx process in San Diego this year and finish it up early next year. And we've now decided to accelerate into this year the start of the Maxx rollout in Wilmington and Greensboro, North Carolina. TWC Maxx is all about transforming the Time Warner Cable experience. And it's clearly working. In TWC Maxx cities, customer satisfaction is up and churn is down. In fact in Q2 in areas with TWC Maxx, we saw a more than 35% reduction in voluntary disconnects for both video and broadband. We continued to post improvements in key customer service metrics. In Q2, repair calls and repair-related truck rolls per customer relationship were down by 4% and 15%, respectively. Our on-time arrival rate within our industry-leading one hour appointment windows was 98%, an all-time record, and our first visit problem resolution rate also hit a new high. Consistent with these statistical achievements, customer satisfaction scores for both tech ops and care are meaningfully higher than a year ago. I told you last quarter how critical it was that during the pendency of the Comcast merger, we continue to make investments and run the business as if we were going to run it forever. That approach has certainly paid off and we have no intention of changing course now that we've agreed to merge with Charter. We're a much healthier company now than we were 24 months ago. And we plan to use the time between signing and closing of the Charter deal to further strengthen our operations. In the interest of maintaining continuity and stability, we've put the brakes on some cost-cutting measures that just don't make sense in light of the merger, but, otherwise, we're going to stick to our game plan for running the company on a stand-alone basis. If anything, we plan to do more, rather than less, investing this year to set us up well for next year and beyond. As a result of that increased investment and the fact that it doesn't look like we'll get additional distribution of the Dodgers' network this season, we now expect full-year adjusted OIBDA, ex pension costs, to be down slightly. And by down slightly, I mean something less than 1%. We also expect that full-year CapEx will be around $4.45 billion, somewhat higher than our previous estimate, as we accelerate the TWC Maxx rollout and continue to upgrade and modernize our network and equipment. This is all part of our overall plan to drive meaningful operating and financial growth in 2016. So to sum it up, I'm exceptionally pleased with the deal we were able to strike with Charter. And we're working diligently to bring that deal to closure. At the same time, we're continuing to drive our stand-alone business forward. And our Q2 results are a clear indication that the plan is working. With that, I'll now turn it over to Bill Osbourn and Matt Siegel, our acting co-CFOs, who will tag team the review of our Q2 results. For those of you who don't know them, Bill has been Time Warner Cable's Controller and Chief Accounting Officer since 2008 and Matt has served as our Treasurer also since 2008. They're proven leaders with impressive track records and many years of experience in the industry and with the company, and I have great confidence that they'll do a terrific job leading our Finance team. Per the usual process, after Bill and then Matt comment on the quarter, the three of us, along with Dinni, will be available for Q&A. Bill?
William F. Osbourn, Jr. - Senior Vice President, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer and Acting Co-Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. Let me start with a high-level characterization of the quarter. Q2 was marked by stellar subscriber performance and solid financial results, reflecting another really strong quarter in Business Services, healthy top-line growth in Residential Services, largely offset by investments to drive future growth and an expected decline in ad sales in a non-political year. Overall, I'm pleased with the results and believe we're positioning ourselves well for a strong performance in 2016. With that as background, let me turn to the Q2 highlights, starting with customer relationships, where we once again performed exceptionally well. We gained 66,000 residential customer relationships in Q2, making this the best second quarter ever. The Q2 Residential CR performance was driven by a 9% increase in connects, coupled with a 3% improvement in disconnects. The three key sales channels, inbound sales, online sales and direct sales, all performed significantly better than a year ago. Connect activity was strong in all geographic regions. As in Q1, CR net adds were particularly strong in the Pac West, of which Los Angeles Metro area is the largest component, followed by Texas and the Midwest. Second quarter churn improvements were driven by improvements in both voluntary and non-pay disconnects. PSU performance in Q2 was also outstanding. Residential PSU net adds of 379,000 were 385,000 better than last year's Q2, an even better year-over-year performance than in this year's incredibly strong first quarter. The PSU growth was again driven by strong triple play net adds. Residential triple play net adds of 233,000 were the best for a second quarter ever. Triple play connects more than doubled year-over-year and triple plays now contribute half of Residential's monthly recurring revenue. Seasonal headwinds drove a Q2 net decline of 45,000 residential video customers, but, notably, that was more than 100,000 better than a year ago and the best second quarter performance since 2008. We remain confident that we can achieve positive video net adds for the full year. Broadband volume was very strong. Residential net adds of 172,000 were also the best for a second quarter since 2008. Residential phone net adds of 252,000 were the strongest ever for the second quarter. And while we're thrilled with the growth in our subscriber base, we're also very pleased with the quality of the customers we're bringing on. ARPU per new connect is pretty stable and early life churn is down materially, just one indicator that we're generating higher-quality connects. Moreover, 38% of new customer connects in Q2 were triple plays, which tend to churn less than singles and doubles. With that, let's move on to our Q2 financial results. Total revenue of $5.9 billion was up 3.5% year-over-year. We grew Residential Services revenue by $96 million, or 2.1%, matching Q1 for the best organic year-over-year Residential revenue growth in the last four years. Residential ARPU per customer relationship grew 0.4% to $107.41. Remember that we're driving very strong volumes of customer connects at promotional rates that are lower than the average of our existing customer base, so it's just math that our success in driving volume in increasing revenue growth is increasing revenue growth, but, at the same time, tempering ARPU growth. The Mayweather-Pacquiao fight generated around $40 million in revenue, almost four times the boxing revenue in the year-ago quarter, and drove overall second quarter 2015 Pay-Per-View revenue higher by $18 million. Business Services posted another terrific quarter. Revenue increased $112 million, or 16.2%, year-over-year in Q2. This was the 16th consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth of above $100 million. HSD led the way, up 18.1%, contributing more than half of the Business Services revenue growth. The balance of the revenue increase came roughly equally from: voice, which grew 19.5%; and wholesale transport, which was up 23.7%. And second quarter bookings increased 18% sequentially, making Q2 our best bookings quarter ever. In short, Business Services is firing on all cylinders and we're right on track to reach our $5 billion annual revenue goal for Business Services in 2018. Just as significant, we're continuing to run Business Services more efficiently. In the second quarter, Business Services' margin expanded 60 basis points year-over-year to 59.8% and Business Services' segment adjusted OIBDA grew 17.4%. Other Operations revenue declined 1.1% in Q2. Media sales revenue was down $9 million from last year, primarily due to the $12 million year-over-year cyclical decline in political advertising. Second quarter Other revenue increased, primarily due to RSN affiliate fees from our Residential Services segment. These revenues are eliminated in the consolidation. Next, Matt will cover expenses, cash flow and the balance sheet. Matt?
Matthew Siegel - Senior Vice President & Treasurer and Acting Co-Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Bill, and good morning. As noted, total company adjusted OIBDA declined 1.2% in Q2, and net of a $27 million increase in pension expense, was roughly flat with last year's second quarter. As we've outlined in recent quarters, we're making aggressive investments in a number of areas, notably tech ops and customer care, which together increased $52 million, or 9%. These functions are instrumental in driving a better customer experience, and investments in these areas go hand-in-glove with our network reliability improvements and TWC Maxx deployments. Furthermore, we raised sales and marketing expense in the second quarter by a similar amount, $52 million, or 9.6%. Roughly two-thirds of the incremental sales and marketing investment was in the Residential segment, where we've been raising the staffing levels across all sales channels. For example, we've increased Residential direct sales head count by 33% over the last year. As Bill mentioned, the increased staffing is translating into marked improvements across our sales channels. Similarly, we have continued to hire sales professionals in Business Services to drive continuing strong revenue growth. Together, these investments are at the core of our efforts to dramatically improve operating performance this year, which we believe will in turn drive significantly stronger financial performance next year. The biggest drag on adjusted OIBDA continues to be programming and content costs, which grew $148 million, or 11% year-over-year. The biggest driver was contractual rate increases of roughly $100 million, followed by an increase of around $30 million in Dodgers rights fees and Pay-Per-View cost growth of $16 million. In the Residential segment, average programming cost per video sub was $42.73, up $4.44, or 11.6%, from last year. Excluding the programming costs from the fight, the growth rate was just over 9%. As we noted last quarter and a couple times already this morning, pension expense increased $27 million in Q2 and $53 million in the first half of the year. We expect full-year pension expense to be approximately $190 million, a roughly $110 million increase over last year, due almost entirely to the decline of interest rates. We continue to exercise strong cost discipline in our shared functions, which include operating costs associated with broad corporate functions like accounting and finance, IT, executive management, legal and HR. Expenses increased just 2.6% to $739 million in the quarter. As anticipated, adjusted OIBDA for first half is pretty much flat versus last year. Due to the timing of certain expenses, third quarter adjusted OIBDA, excluding pension expense, could be as much as $100 million lower from last year's third quarter, but as Rob indicated, we expect full-year adjusted OIBDA ex pension to be down only slightly. Moving down the income statement, second quarter adjusted diluted EPS was $1.54, down $0.35 from a year ago. One of the biggest drivers of lower EPS in Q2 was depreciation expense, which again is a clear reflection of the large capital investment we're making to improve the operations and future prospects of the company. Note that Q2 as reported EPS reflects a $120 million gain related to our agency agreement with Verizon Wireless, which was excluded from adjusted EPS. And I would remind you that with the suspension of our share repurchase program when we announced the Comcast transaction, average shares outstanding were actually up over 3 million year-over-year. This compares to the prior two years when shares outstanding were declining. CapEx of $1.3 billion in the second quarter was our highest ever, eclipsing the $1.2 billion invested in last year's second quarter. As in recent quarters, this reflects strong subscriber growth as well as improvements of the plant. Also, our aggressive investments in CPE as we've continued to deploy new set-tops, DTAs and modems in Maxx markets and our accelerated replacement of older, less reliable set-tops across the footprint. We also continued to invest in the future growth of Business Services, where we connected 32,000 commercial buildings to our network in the first half of the year. As Rob indicated, we have raised our planned 2015 CapEx to $4.45 billion. Free cash flow was $440 million in the second quarter, down $19 million year-over-year, primarily due to higher capital investments. At the end of Q2, net debt stood at $22.6 billion, down $439 million from year-end 2014. Significantly, the Charter merger agreement permits us to continue paying our $3 per share annual dividend between signing and closing. We just paid our dividend last week and fully expect to continue paying out $0.75 per share each quarter until we close. As I mentioned, we suspended our buyback program in conjunction with our announcement of the Comcast deal. And with the announcement of the Charter transaction, we don't intend to restart it now. So to summarize, halfway through our three-year plan, we're very pleased with our position. Our disciplined execution is paying off in significantly stronger operating metrics. We anticipate that our more intensive investment this year will drive stronger operating and financial results in 2016 and beyond. With that, let me turn it back over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank, Matt. Candy, we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. We would ask each caller to ask a single question, so that we can accommodate as many callers as time permits. First question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Hi. Thank you. Rob, I wonder if you could just talk a little bit more about the priorities that you've set for the business now, given the transaction change. What are you doing differently and how do you think differently about 2015 and 2016 in light of the transaction? I think about some of the longer-term initiatives like WiFi, like Enterprise, and what have you. Could you just describe how you think about those longer-term initiatives in the context of your merger?
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Craig. I think the reality is that the policy we've been following since the announcement of the Comcast deal has essentially been continue on the same course we would've been on had none of the deals been announced. And that same policy is going to guide us during the pendency of the Charter transaction and that includes making investments both for here-and-now benefits of improving customer experience, but also for longer-term benefits of growing the business. So we're certainly, in addition to rolling out Maxx, which is having benefits in real-time, we're continuing to invest for growth. We're investing in residential line extensions, continuing to connect commercial establishments to our network. We're rolling out WiFi as we have been and we're continuing to evolve our products, including video, high-speed data and phone. So the reality is we're thinking like long-term managers in spite of the pendency of the transaction.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Your strategy of bringing in customers at the $90 price point and then moving them up over time is strikingly similar to Charter's own. Is that a coincidence and it's just the way you would've done it anyway or is there any sort of intent to say this is a sensible thing to do, in light of the fact that we're going to be one company down the road?
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, the decision regarding our pricing and packaging is wholly our own and independent of the transaction. Until the deal closes or until we get regulatory approval, we have no choice but to run the business independently. And the decisions we've made on the $90 triple play is completely an independent decision that we think is best for the business.
William F. Osbourn, Jr. - Senior Vice President, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer and Acting Co-Chief Financial Officer: And it started in Q4 of 2014.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Craig. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to ask about the outlook for Rob or Dinni, or both of you. When you look at the rest of this year, I think your guidance implies a nice improvement in the fourth quarter on OIBDA growth, or a lower decline at least versus Q3, but you face political comps. So maybe you could just talk about what's going to happen in Q4 that gives you confidence that you're going to see some, I think, top-line improvement is probably what's implied in your guidance. And then, broadening that out, you guys didn't, at least in your published documents this morning, have any 2016 commentary, the $9 billion of EBITDA. I was wondering if you could just talk about whether that number is still the right number to be thinking about and then if the CapEx outlook for next year is different than it was before, because your CapEx for this year is obviously coming in higher? Thanks.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right, Ben. Let me start with 2016 and then I'm going to turn it over to Matt Siegel and Bill Osbourn to talk about the remainder of 2015. So, as hopefully came through throughout our prepared remarks, we feel great about the trajectory of the business. And we are very confident that the subscriber growth we're achieving this year, as well as the investments we're making this year, will yield significant financial growth next year, but given the pendency of the merger and the changes on the horizon, we just felt it was inappropriate to give 2016 guidance. But I will reiterate that that's not in any way a reflection of concerns or any less enthusiasm we have about the path we're on, but more a function of the circumstances we find ourselves in. And that goes not only for our OIBDA guidance for 2016, but also for CapEx. We're just going to hold off for now on giving forward guidance. So, Bill, you want to take 2015?
William F. Osbourn, Jr. - Senior Vice President, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer and Acting Co-Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. As far as the remainder of 2015, there are a number of factors going on. In particular, as far as on the expense side, there are some timing issues with relative to Q3 versus Q4 in the programming, bad debt, marketing and other cost areas that impact Q3 more than Q4. And then the expectation is that there would be some revenue generation also as a result of the stronger subscriber metrics this year that would be picking up in the latter half of the year, but a lot of it, most of it, is really due to the timing of certain expenses.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Ben, you're right in that the comparables on the advertising sales side in Qs 3 and 4 are challenging, given last year being a political year, but, as Bill said, we think the revenue ramp on the residential front, given subscriber performance all year, is going to more than offset that in Q4.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for the color, guys.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Ben. Candy, next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Amy Yong with Macquarie.
Amy Yong - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thanks. Two really quick questions for me, can you just update us on the regulatory process and perhaps areas of focus for the FCC as they review the pending merger and then, any early thoughts on competition from AT&T and DIRECTV and how that might change? Thank you.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right. I'll take the regulatory update and then Dinni will do the competition. So we're working towards a year-end closing of the transaction, but I think if there's anything that we've all learned over the last couple of years, it's that we don't really control the timing of this process. So we'll have to see exactly when it gets done. In terms of status, I think most of you saw that the FCC issued a Public Notice on Monday of this week stating that it had accepted our application, which is the first step, really, in the formal part of the process. They also indicated that they would issue another Public Notice as soon as they work through and voted upon the Protective Order that will govern the treatment of confidential information during the process. So we're hopeful that that's imminent. And that will start the 180 day clock ticking. As for the DOJ, we received our second request last week and we're in the process of responding to that. And as far as the state and local process, we filed all of our applications for transfers of franchises and so on with the state PUCs that require it and the local franchises that require it. So that's where we are in the process, as we sit today. As far as competition from AT&T and DIRECT, Dinni, you want to handle it?
Dinesh C. Jain - Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. Amy, I think it's just too premature to say what we predict will happen as part of that. It's just all too new. I think that both companies are companies that put a lot of money in the market in terms of marketing, so that's something that could change. On the other hand, we all know that one of the things that AT&T was most interested in was the NFL games. So it's just too early for us to see how all that's going to play out.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The only thing I'd add to that is that from an industry structure perspective, in roughly a quarter of our footprint, the deal results in two competitors becoming one. And, generally speaking, that's a positive for all the players in the industry.
Amy Yong - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Amy. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Mike McCormack with Jefferies.
Michael L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks. Rob, maybe just a quick comment on the CapEx side, thinking about longer-term run rate CapEx intensity, where should that go? And I guess part of that is your set-top box investment clearly has been elevated. I'm guessing that over time you're expecting that to come down as we move into more of a BYOD world, so maybe a comment around that. And then, just secondly on the competitive landscape in the quarter, AT&T clearly pulling back, Verizon FiOS not overly successfully in the quarter either. Was this just a really good time to be out there hunting for subs?
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right. On CapEx, again, we're not going to give specific guidance, I think, until we're complete on the rollout of TWC Maxx. And until we've retired all of, sort of what I would refer to as, last-generation consumer premises equipment, I would expect that CapEx is going to continue at a somewhat elevated rate. But I think on a longer time horizon, your point is well taken, which is that as we deliver our video product in IP, it enables customers to use any of their customer-owned IP-enabled devices to consume the video product. And that in time will result in fewer customers leasing boxes that we have to spend capital on and more bringing their own device. So I do think that that, in theory, promises to reduce CPE capital, but I think that's a multi-year kind of event. And at this point in time, we're anticipating that we're going to continue to provide the best possible equipment for our customers that we deliver. You know, we do offer customers an opportunity to bring their own modems. And I think it's roughly 12% of our base is bringing their own modems, but that means the vast majority of modems are still being purchased by Time Warner Cable. As far as competitiveness in the quarter, I would only say that our connects were up in both FiOS and U-verse markets. And in fact our connects in U-verse markets did better year-over-year than in any other part of the footprint. And on the disconnect side, disconnects were down in both FiOS and U-verse markets and, in fact, were down most in FiOS markets. So I think the simple characterization of the quarter is that we did well against all competitors and that gave rise to the really outstanding subscriber results that we reported.
Michael L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Hey, Rob, just on the connects in the U-verse areas, were you seeing a significant delta between the speeds being offered between AT&T and yourselves?
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'm not sure I understand the question.
Michael L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Meaning your offering in those U-verse markets, is it meaningfully faster speeds for high-speed than you're seeing from AT&T?
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Look, U-verse historically has offered a pretty competitive product and they certainly have offered speeds that are faster than in traditional DSL markets. So I think it's maybe in part based on product superiority, but I think it has a lot to do with just pure execution on our side.
Michael L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks, guys.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Mike. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is John Hodulik with UBS.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Great, thanks. Maybe just a couple questions about the Maxx rollout. Rob, I think you guys had previously said that, based on the spending, you'd pass about 40% to 50% of homes with Maxx. Now that you're going faster, is there a revision to that number for year-end? And then could you remind us, are you guys, as you go all-digital and increase speeds and improve the products, are you putting full set-top boxes in front of every TV in these markets? I'm just trying to get a sense for how the CapEx is going to scale post-merger. And then lastly, you talked about the 35% decline in voluntary disconnects. Is there a way that you could sort of help us scale that number, maybe in terms of voluntary churn versus voluntary churn or sort of just help us contextualize that number? Thanks.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. So as far as year-end Maxx completion, while we're accelerating the start of the rollout in Wilmington and Greensboro, we're not going to complete Maxx in those markets this year, so we won't get to speed increases. We'll probably start the process of going all digital, which frees up the bandwidth, and then we'll follow that up with speed increases next year. So the projection of 40% to 50% by year-end is still a good number to work with, but it will mean that earlier next year than had been anticipated, customers in Greensboro and Wilmington will start to get the benefits of Maxx. As far as our all-digital play, we put DTAs on outlets that previously had no CPE unless a customer chooses to take a full set-top box, but we don't mandate it. So that's that one. The last question, refresh my memory.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: You talked about better voluntary disconnects as you got in the markets where you've rolled out Maxx. I think you said 35% decline. If you could sort of help us, maybe give us a sense for, I know you haven't in the past, but maybe overall churn, or the voluntary churn versus involuntary churn, that kind of thing.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We're not going to provide any more granularity. We've always shied away from giving specifics, churn stats, but suffice it to say that voluntary churn, when you take voluntary churn and non-paid churn, those are the ones that really are a reflection of the kind of experience that customers are having. And those are the ones we target the most. So success on voluntary churn is a big deal for us.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Thanks.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, John. Next question, please, Candy.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Rich Greenfield with BTIG.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: Hi. Just a quick question, Time Warner's been pretty out front, along with Comcast, in trying to set the bar for getting paid for peering and interconnection and even experimenting historically with usage-based pricing and tiering. Just wondering how you think about the importance of those levers for growth over time, especially as we're seeing OTT video, whether it's Netflix, or we're starting to see things like Sony Vue and Sling in terms of virtual MVPDs and maybe even an Apple launch. How do you think about the opportunities for both of those items as you think forward into 2016?
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The two items being peering and usage-based pricing, Rich?
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: Yeah. Caps, usage-based pricing, however you look at usage-based pricing. I assume you need a cap for usage-based pricing.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right. I actually view the two topics almost entirely separately. So let's start with usage-based pricing, which we've been implementing for some time for explicit tiers of service. That has, from our perspective, never been about managing over-the-top video consumption or discouraging customers from using other people's video product. It's been 100% about matching price and value. So the goal of usage-based pricing was to offer customers who use less bandwidth, who maybe just do e-mail, an opportunity to pay less and have an Internet offering that better meets their demands for both usage and price. So it's all about customer segmentation and customer choice. With respect to peering, we have both settlement-free peering relationships and paid peering relationships and to the extent that there is an exchange of money, either from us or to us in our peering relationships, those are really designed not to generate an independent revenue stream, to create another business, but rather to make sure that there's an alignment of interest between us and the counterparty in how efficiently we utilize available capacity. So that's really the way we think about those two areas.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: And are you surprised that Charter is willing to do without both items as part of their consent decree to acquire you?
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Look, different providers have had different philosophies on these things. When I mentioned usage-based pricing, I don't want to minimize the fact that we have been completely committed to delivering an unlimited broadband offering in connection with whatever else we do, because we know customers do place a value on the peace of mind that comes with unlimited plans. So we never had any intention of substituting the availability of unlimited with exclusively usage-based programs. And let's not forget that the vast majority of our customers do, in fact, take those unlimited plans. So I guess I'm not surprised to hear Charter having a different point of view about that. Look, I'm not going to comment specifically about the new Charter peering policy from a substance point of view, but I will say that the fact that it addresses a specific concern that's been raised by some opponents of the merger and, at least in theory, takes that issue off the table, that's a net positive for getting our deal done, so we're pleased with it.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: Thank you very much.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Rich. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Phil Cusick with JPMorgan.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks. I think people are a little confused with the ARPU trajectory, especially given the strength of the Mayweather fight. Can you remind us, is this really just because growth is so strong and a lot of people coming in at the $90-plus sort of triple play level, or is there any sort of down-shifting in the legacy base in terms of what customers have to spend? Thanks.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think there's really two things driving it, Phil, and you hit on one of them. And I think Bill covered it in his prepared remarks, and that is this inflow of new connects at promotional pricing. And when you do better on the connect side, inherently, although the overall connect revenue goes up, there is some dilution of ARPU. The second thing we shouldn't lose track of is remember that we've moved now to a unified price increase, meaning we increase prices and add fees one time a year per customer. We did that in Q1 this year and we did it in Q2 last year, so that it's not a surprise to us that ARPU growth in Q2 was not quite as strong as it was in Q1, because we've lapped last year's increase. So I think that's essentially what's going on. I don't know, guys, if you want to add anything to that.
William F. Osbourn, Jr. - Senior Vice President, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer and Acting Co-Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. I mean, just as I said in the prepared remarks, it's really just a factor of us driving volume, promotional discounts on triple plays and adding those to the base at a lower amount, tempering the ARPU growth.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And if I could follow up, how have you been treating retention? Have you been any more or less aggressive in terms of letting customers keep their discount as they roll off one year?
William F. Osbourn, Jr. - Senior Vice President, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer and Acting Co-Chief Financial Officer: You know, our whole view of retention hasn't really changed since the middle part of 2014. I think that what we're doing is getting better at executing it. So our view is that we will always rather save the customer than lose the customer, but I think we're pretty disciplined about not giving away the farm in doing that.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good. Thank you.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Phil. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Laura Martin with Needham & Company.
Laura A. Martin - Needham & Co. LLC: Hi, there. Can you hear me okay?
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Laura, we're not really hearing you too well.
Laura A. Martin - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. Is that better?
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Little bit.
Laura A. Martin - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. So I want to talk about OTT. It looks like these content guys are going to continue to roll out over-the-top services. We've got Lifetime launching. And now Bob Iger has said that over the long-term, ESPN probably will go direct. I'm really interested in your point of view about how that affects sort of your core bundle and how you think this plays out over the next five years.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Let me start with something that I've said many times before, which is that at the highest level, we embrace over-the-top video to the extent that customers choose to avail themselves of video over-the-top. It highlights the value of the high-speed data offering that we deliver, we think, better than anybody else. So we think it would be foolish to resist what might otherwise be an attractive behavioral trend. To the extent that we want to make sure that on the video side we don't lose customers to over-the-top, the way to do that is to compete aggressively and ensure that our video product is the best that's out there. And for what we deliver, I continue to believe that it is the best that's out there. The breadth of content is far better than anything that's delivered over-the-top. Quality of the picture is better, and availability of on-demand choice is better. So I feel like we can compete on that front. And to the extent we don't, shame on us. As far as the impact that more and more direct-to-consumer offerings have on our ability to sell, well, look, as long as the playing field is even and costs are comparable, I think we'll be able to compete effectively. To the extent that programmers begin to offer, on a direct basis, their offerings at prices which are either lower than they offer them to us on a wholesale basis at or in some other way on a more attractive packaging basis, in other words, with more flexibility to package the way they want, well, then I think it's going to undercut our ability to sell. And that's going to be a negative for us, but maybe more significantly, it's going to be a negative for the primary distribution channel for all of those video providers. So we'll have to see how it plays out. I think we all have to proceed with our eyes wide open as to what the impact might be.
Laura A. Martin - Needham & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Laura. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is James Ratcliffe with Buckingham Research Group.
James M. Ratcliffe - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Two, if I could, first of all, continued very strong telephony growth in triple play, can you give us color about whether that's mainly, the telephony growth, that you're selling a lot more triple play or are these still a lot of double play, triple play upgrades and what sort of ARPU delta you're seeing between the triple play customers and double play customers? And secondly, any thoughts on Verizon's Custom TV and, particularly, do you have the ability to offer skinnier bundles within your existing programming contracts, particularly the ones that might exclude some of the high-priced sports content? Thanks.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Dinni, you want to take the first one?
Dinesh C. Jain - Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. So in terms of your question about phone growth, yes. I would say that most of that phone growth is coming from triple play. You know, we have very high triple play sell-in rates right now, the highest that we've ever seen. And I think that that is clearly driving it. We are getting some upgrades from double to triple as well, but I think the vast majority of it is coming from new customers taking the triple play. In terms of the other part of your question about ARPU, can you just ask that part again, James?
James M. Ratcliffe - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Sure. Just for customers who are upgrading or for the new customers who are taking triple play instead of a double play, what sort of ARPU uplift are you seeing by selling those customers voice as well?
Dinesh C. Jain - Chief Operating Officer: Okay. So that's roughly $10.
James M. Ratcliffe - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Got it.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: On skinny bundles, James, look, I've been intrigued for a long time about the idea of giving customers more choice about the video products that they take. And, in fact, we've experimented with some of the same things that you're seeing other players in the industry experiment with now. We'll continue to watch it. We're fans of giving customers flexibility. That said, I will point out, and it sometimes gets lost in all of the headlines about skinny bundles, 80% of our video base now takes what people refer to as the full bundle. We call it our Preferred video product. And 82% of video connects took that offering. And the reason they do is because it's a great value. So I think choice is great. Experimenting with skinny bundles is great. And we'll do it to the extent that we see stuff working in the marketplace and it's consistent with our agreements with programmers, but we shouldn't lose track of the value of the bundle we offer as well.
James M. Ratcliffe - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, James. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Vijay Jayant, Evercore ISI.
David Carl Joyce - Evercore ISI: Thank you. It's David Joyce for Vijay. Could you please talk about the Business Services side? Growth was decelerated below the 20% range for the past two quarters. Just wondering if that was law of large numbers, given the opportunity set in your footprint, or if competition from new telcos is stepping up. And along those lines, what are your thoughts about the potential for the industry working together in confederation to have a more nationwide kind of commercial offering? Thank you.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, David, yes, law of large numbers. Don't forget, this is, again, I think Bill mentioned it, but the 16th consecutive quarter of north of $100 million year-over-year revenue growth. So we're pretty pleased with the absolute growth we're seeing. And as the base gets bigger, naturally, percentages' growth go down somewhat. I'd also remind you that 2014 growth benefited from the acquisition of DukeNet at the beginning of 2014. Obviously, we didn't have a comparable acquisition in 2015, so that also has an impact on growth rates, but we're completely pleased with the growth we're seeing and, even more so, the OIBDA contribution that's coming from the business now that it's scaling and that margins are going up. Did you have another question?
David Carl Joyce - Evercore ISI: Thoughts about how the cable industry could work together in confederation to have more of a nationwide commercial offering, to be more...
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Look, it's an opportunity we've all talked about. There are certainly Enterprise customers today who are interested in one-stop shopping and that tend to go to one of the big telcos that, in theory, would be anxious to work with cable if we could figure out a way to ensure that they had end-to-end visibility across the network and common pricing and all of the things you get when you deal with one provider. So I think it's an intriguing opportunity, but it's complex, to say the least, when you have to work with a network that's owned by multiple providers.
David Carl Joyce - Evercore ISI: Great. Thank you.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, David. Candy, next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Morning. Thanks. I had two quick questions, was wondering, first, if you could talk about the mix of DTAs versus fully-featured set-top boxes that you're deploying as part of the transition to all-digital. And then secondly, I was just wondering if you know yet or have any idea what the impact from Title II reclassification will have on the high-speed data taxes and fees? Thank you.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Why don't I do the second one first and then Dinni can do the first one. The answer is not yet.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: No indication at all from the FCC or...?
Dinesh C. Jain - Chief Operating Officer: I'm sorry, Bryan?
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: No, no. I was just saying no indication at all from the FCC as to what they're thinking at this point or...?
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay.
Dinesh C. Jain - Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. In terms of the Maxx rollout, Bryan, I think that, as Rob said earlier, for customers who are direct connected, they're all taking DTAs. We're not really seeing an increase of people taking normal set-top boxes, due to the going all-digital process.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And I think, on average, when we go all-digital, we're basically, on average, it's about two DTAs per customer, thereabouts.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. All right. And are you seeing any uplift in the Maxx markets on DVR penetration as you're rolling that out?
Dinesh C. Jain - Chief Operating Officer: No, nothing significant.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Bryan. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Tom Eagan with Telsey Advisory Group.
Thomas W. Eagan - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Great. Thank you very much. A follow-up question on the programmer OTT services, I guess what is the impact on the negotiating leverage between the operator and the programmer, do you think? And then also, have you seen the programmers' threat to block the data subscribers' access to their site? Great. Thanks.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Admittedly, since the announcement of the Comcast deal, which dates back to February of 2014, we haven't had the pace of programming renegotiations that we might ordinarily have. So I'm not sure that the recent events yet have filtered into our programming negotiations, so I'd be basing it on theory as opposed to on actual experience. In theory, though, I think it's fair to say that if customers can get programming outside of our video offering, that that, in a sense, diminishes the leverage of the programmers as they negotiate with us, because if we don't have the video product, customers can still get it. And, therefore, they don't have to switch from us to some other video provider in order to get that particular programming. So that's the theoretical answer to the question. I think we'll see how it plays out in practice. Give me the second one. Sorry.
Thomas W. Eagan - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Well, it was just I think that that makes sense unless the programmer blocks the access from the data...
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Ah, Yes. Well, look, that has happened in programming disputes before. We think that it's the flip side of open Internet and something that we've urged regulators to ensure that they provide protection against, because I think it really works against the consumer when they buy Internet product, but can't necessarily get everything that they think they otherwise would have had access to because it's available for free. So whether or not programmers will go down that path, I don't know. Some have in the past. And if they do, we'll certainly challenge that kind of behavior with regulators.
Thomas W. Eagan - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Does the FCC seem to have an ear on this? Or I know in the past the Chairman, for example, he has understood that problem. I'm not sure if the current one does.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think they do understand it and I think that it's a kind of a natural corollary of their interest in open Internet.
Thomas W. Eagan - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Right. Thank you.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Tom.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: And thanks everyone for joining us. I think that's all we have time for this morning. Just to give you a little advanced notice, Time Warner Cable's next quarterly conference call, which will reflect our third quarter 2015 results, will be held on Thursday, October 29, 2015 at 8:30 a.m. Eastern time. Thanks for joining us.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Arthur T. Minson - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Dinesh C. Jain - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Craig E. Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Amy Yong - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Thomas William Eagan - Telsey Advisory Group LLC Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Michael L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Time Warner Cable First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mr. Tom Robey, Senior Vice President of Time Warner Cable Investor Relations. Thank you sir, you may begin.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks Candy and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Time Warner Cable's 2015 first quarter earnings conference call. This morning, we issued a press release detailing our 2015 first quarter results. Before we begin, there are several items I need to cover. First, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures. Definitions and schedules setting out reconciliations of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release and trending schedules. Second, today's conference call includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements herein due to various factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Time Warner Cable is under no obligation to and in fact expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements weather as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Third, the quarterly growth rates disclosed on this conference call are on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise noted as being sequential. Fourth, today's press release, trending schedules, presentation slides and related reconciliation schedules are available on our website at TWC.com/investors. Finally, following prepared comments by Rob Marcus and Artie Minson, Rob, Artie and COO Dinni Jain will be available to answer your questions. With that covered, I'll thank you and turn the call over to Rob. Rob?
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. While the termination of our merger with Comcast and speculation about other M&A continue to grab most of the headlines, this morning, I'd like to focus on the fundamental strength of our business. In short, I believe we are as well positioned for the future as any company in our industry. To be blunt, that was not the case when we entered 2014 and I couldn't be more pleased with the strides we've made. We have a world-class team, an incredibly strong operating momentum and I am confident that will translate into significant financial growth going forward. Over the last 16 months, while most people outside our company were focused more on the merger than on what we were actually doing with the business, we've been quietly executing on the operating plan we shared with you before the Comcast deal was announced. While we were confident that the transaction would be consummated, back in February of last year, I gave our operating team very clear instructions. In the unlikely event this deal doesn't close, be ready. And by being ready, I meant getting the residential operations in the strongest position possible, by putting the right people in the right jobs, investing in our network and customer premises equipment, enhancing our products, improving customer service and making sure our marketing, sales and retention machine was functioning at a really high level. By being ready, I also meant making sure we continued to seize the huge opportunity we have in Business Services, by expanding our network, adding to our product portfolio, automating and standardizing our processes and improving productivity. As I sit here today, I will tell you that our team surpassed my wildest expectations. Despite all the merger-related distractions, they never took their eyes off the ball. Our steadily improving operating results over the last five quarters are a reflection of those efforts. And our Q1 performance is the clearest sign yet that we are as operationally strong as we've been in many years. As I said last week, we are strong and getting stronger and I couldn't be prouder to lead this organization. By almost any measure, Q1 was our best subscriber quarter ever. We added the most customer relationships ever, the most triple-plays ever, the most PSUs ever and the most Voice customers ever, and very notably, for the first time since the first quarter of 2009, we added video subs. And we did that while improving the overall quality of our subscriber base. More customers taking higher tiers of service, paying us more for those services and sticking with us longer, that's a potent combination that we are confident sets us up well for accelerated top-line growth in the latter part of this year and even more so next year. So what's behind the dramatic improvement? The short answer is: we're simply executing better across every facet of our business. I'm sure Dinni, who's really been leading the charge, will give you his perspectives during Q&A. But let me share my view of some of the things that are making a difference. First is customer service. Our network operations, care and tech ops teams are playing at the top of their game. During 2014, we made significant investments to improve the reliability of our network. As we've discussed before, our advanced diagnostic tools now allow us to identify those components of our plant that are likely to result in customer impacting issues. We've been using that information to proactively address network problems before they have an impact on our customers. In and of itself, that's obviously good for customers, but it also means we're getting fewer repair calls into our call centers. Less activity in the call centers allows us to improve service levels, which is the speed with which we answer our calls, and it gives our reps more time to effectively address those problems that do arise. We've also invested in better training and tools for our reps, so more problems can be handled over the phone. In Q1, that resulted in 15% fewer truck rolls for repairs than a year ago and 27% fewer than in the first quarter of 2013. When we do roll a truck, we're giving customers industry-leading one-hour service windows and in Q1, we arrived within those windows an impressive 97% of the time, that's an all-time high. And we're continuing to add weekend and nighttime appointments as well. In short, we're serving customers on their schedules rather than ours. Not only have we made great strides in customer service, but our products are better too. We're completing the rollout of a fivefold increase in VOD capacity this quarter. We've also continued to enhance our TWC TV streaming app. In fact, we recently added TWC TV to the Xbox One platform. Customers are responding enthusiastically. We set another all-time usage record in March with 55% more visits than a year earlier. At the same time, we continued to expand our Wi-Fi network and March usage was more than three times higher than last year's. And we continued to add value to our phone product. As of this month, our phone customers can make unlimited calls to India for no additional charge. We already include unlimited calls to Mexico and China, so TWC phone customers now have unlimited access to around 40% of the world's population. We continued to install new, more capable equipment in our customers' homes. We accelerated the pace in the first quarter, installing almost 2.4 million new modems, set-top boxes, and digital adapters. And TWC Maxx continues to perform  to transform the customer experience for millions of households in the TWC footprint. With Maxx, customers get greater reliability, all-digital video, standard tier speeds of 50 megabits per second and higher tiers of service with speeds up to 300 megabits per second. New York City, LA and Austin are complete, Dallas, San Antonio and Kansas City are underway and Charlotte, Raleigh and Hawaii on the docket for later in the year. We also plan to begin the Maxx process in San Diego this year and finish up in early 2016. It's still early days, but Maxx certainly appears to be making a difference. Customer feedback has been great and churn among Maxx customers with new DOCSIS 3.0 modems is dramatically lower. And with all these customer experience enhancements as a backdrop, our customer acquisition and retention machine is firing on all cylinders. The robust $90 triple-play offer that we introduced back in October continued to resonate with customers and drove meaningful year-over-year improvement in connect volume. Our sales channels performed very well with online growing most significantly. Churn rate and absolute disconnects were also down year-over-year despite the fact that we increased rates and fees in Q1 this year versus Q2 last year, quite an achievement. In Business Services, I'm convinced that we have the best team in the industry. We again generated terrific results in Q1 as we executed from our proven playbook. For the 15th quarter in a row, Business Services revenue grew by more than $100 million year over year. And with improving margins, Business Services' OIBDA contribution is growing even faster than the top line. And we continued to invest for the future. At quarter end, we've got 911,000 commercial buildings on-net, which sets us up well for future sales growth. Our Q1 revenue run rate was over $3.1 billion and we're right on track to reach $5 billion in annual revenue by 2018. So in summary, I feel great about the overall health and trajectory of our business. We've made significant investments to drive performance and those investments are paying off. We are a far stronger company than we were just five short quarters ago. As we look towards the balance of 2015, from an operating perspective, we'll keep doing what we've done so well for the last 16 months, including continuing to make the necessary investments to set us up operational and financially for 2016 and beyond. As for capital allocation, the fact that we've deleveraged while we waited for deal approval is not lost on us. It's been a busy week, but rest assured, we will be working with our board on our go-forward plans with respect to dividends and buybacks. Before I pass it over to Artie, and with the Comcast merger now in our rearview mirror, I want to reiterate a couple of things that I said to you back in January of last year of my first earnings call as Time Warner Cable's CEO. I told you that I believed Time Warner Cable had terrific assets, a world-class team, and a well-architected operating plan and that I was confident in our ability to drive growth. I also told you that I was totally committed to maximizing shareholder value. Both of those statements are as true today as they were 15 months ago. I firmly believe that everything we've done over the last year plus validates what I said back then. We look forward to your continued support as we move this great company forward. Now, let me turn it over to Artie to cover the key takeaways from our first quarter results. Artie?
Arthur T. Minson - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. I would like to start by echoing Rob's remarks that we are incredibly appreciative of the efforts of our entire organization over the last 16 months. Under, at best, uncertain and at times difficult circumstances, our employees performed really well and I would note both admirably and with grace under pressure, we are stronger and better today because of their efforts. Before I get into our results today, to help set some overall context, I want to spend a few minutes reviewing what we said we would do 15 months ago when we laid out our three-year plan. To summarize our remarks on the January 2014 call, we said that over the next three years, first, we would improve the overall residential experience. Second, we would continue to aggressively drive Business Services toward our 2018 revenue target of $5 billion. Third, we would pursue operating efficiencies in order to offset cost pressure in programming and make investments in tech ops and care in order to improve the customer experience. And fourth, we would meaningfully increase CapEx with a particular focus on plant reliability and making sure our customers have the best CPE available. I think our results today demonstrate that we have made great strides in these four areas. Our residential operating performance is the best in years. Business Services continues to deliver excellent results. And despite the fact that we've had very significant growth in recent years, we still have tremendous opportunities for growth given our relatively low market share. Our initiatives around TWC Maxx, plant reliability and CPE replacement are resulting in happier customers and our operations running much smoother. And despite the merger-related distractions, we made good strides in cost areas such as phone costs, optimizing our marketing spend, as well as shared functions where expenses were flat year-over-year. I do think there are some remaining opportunities in costs and it is something we will continue to be diligent about. Of course the proof of the success of our operating initiatives is in the metrics. We said back in January 2014 that the operating measures of success would be improved plant and product reliability metrics, reduced call volumes, increased customer satisfaction, lower customer churn and better connect volumes. For those of you keeping score on our recent operating performance, I would give us very high marks across the board. With that as background, let me turn to the Q1 highlights starting with customer relationships where we performed exceptionally well. On the Residential side, we gained 205,000 customer relationships in Q1, and in Business Services, we added 14,000 customer relationships, so on a combined basis, we had our best results ever. The Q1 Residential CR performance was driven by a 5% increase in connects, coupled with a 2% improvement in disconnects. Much of the connect strength this quarter was driven by online sales. Connect activity was strong in all of our geographic regions. Customer relationship net adds were particularly strong in the Pac West, of which the Los Angeles Metro area is the largest component. PSU performance in Q1 also was outstanding. Residential PSU net adds of 665,000 were 323,000 better than last year's Q1 and 688,000 better than in 2013. The PSU growth was driven by strong triple-play net adds. Residential triple-play net adds of 298,000 were the best ever. Triples were 39% of customer relationship connects in Q1, similar to the rate in Q4, but twice the sell-in rate of a year ago. On an individual product basis, residential video net adds of 30,000 represent a milestone, as it was the first positive video quarter since the first quarter of 2009. Recall that May and June are seasonally tougher, but I will tell you that we did have positive video net adds in the month of April. The story in terms of video sub quality is also a good one. The real action was at the high end, which generated more than 100% of this quarter's video net adds. Broadband volume also was very strong. Residential net adds of 315,000 were the best for a first quarter in eight years. Again, the quality of the subscriber base continues to increase as our highest-speed tiers experienced virtually all of the inflow. Our light tier, on the other hand, generated less than 13% of connects, down from a year ago. Phone net adds of 320,000 were the strongest ever. This has helped us drive triple-play sell-in, and we also continue to benefit from new product rollouts in phone such as free calling to Mexico, China and now India. With that, let's move on to our Q1 financial results. Let me start by saying that despite the fact that adjusted OIBDA grew only 0.8%, I am pleased with our overall financial performance. I'll provide some context around the bigger picture in a few minutes. But first, I'll walk you through a more granular review of the numbers. Let me start with total revenue, which was $5.8 billion, up 3.5% year-over-year. We grew Residential Services revenue by $94 million or 2.1%, the highest organic year-over-year Residential revenue growth in over three years. We implemented certain fee and rate increases in the quarter that benefited ARPU and new connect ARPU was up 3.9%. Revenue performance at the video product was notably better in Q1, with video ARPU increasing 2.3% year over year. In Residential, we talked for some time about returning to a more balanced mixture of volume and rate. This quarter, we reached that more sustainable balance. In Q1, roughly 50% of the revenue growth was driven by rate and 50% by volume. This will bounce around a little bit based on the timing of rate increases and normal seasonality, but the goal is to strike that balance. In Business Services, revenue increased $113 million or 16.9% year-over-year in Q1. This is now a big business and we're getting the scale efficiencies we planned for. In the first quarter, Business Services contribution margin grew by 19.2%, resulting in overall margin expanding 110 basis points year-over-year to 61.3%. High-speed data led the segment with year-over-year revenue growth of almost 23%. Within that category, dedicated Internet access is experiencing the fastest growth. Other Operations revenue declined 0.5% in Q1. Media sales revenue was down $17 million from last year. Roughly half of this decline was due to the well-known cyclicality of political advertising and the rest I think reflects a generally soft TV advertising environment right now, particularly in TuneIn where our local ad sales in New York and LA were impacted. First quarter other revenue increased primarily due to affiliate fees from our Residential Services segment for SportsNet LA. These revenues are eliminating the consolidation. As noted, we grew total company-adjusted OIBDA 0.8% in Q1 as operating expenses grew 5.0%. Let me make three points about what's driving this: First, there are certain areas where we're making aggressive investments, notably tech ops and customer care, which together increased $49 million or 8.5%. The entire rationale behind this spending is to serve customers better, enabling us over time to improve ARPU and reduce churn. We are very confident in our ability to continue to drive better financial performance through these investments. Second, we've seen expense growth in a couple of categories that frankly were higher than we'd like. Company-wide programming and content costs grew $110 million or 8.4% year-over-year in the first quarter and programming costs per Residential basic sub grew 12.2%. The programming growth rate was impacted by new network launches like SEC Network and the Dodgers RSN. But even normalizing for those, we would still be north of 10% on a per basic sub basis. In addition, we have significant pension expense. I don't think investors focus much on this because many of our peers don't have defined benefit plans. But the expense grew $26 million year-over-year in Q1, representing 130 basis points of adjusted OIBDA growth. And third, there are some areas where we've been able to exercise tremendous cost discipline. Most notable here are the shared function operating costs associated with broad corporate functions like accounting and finance, IT, legal and HR where we held expenses flat year-over-year at $727 million. I will tell you that we're vigilant on shared costs. Another way to look at OIBDA growth in Q1, if you exclude the decline in advertising revenue and the increase in pension expense, our adjusted OIBDA growth would've been 3.0%. Now, looking at the bigger picture, we're just about where we expected to be. As we contemplated in our three-year plan, 2015 is a transitional year, focused more on sub growth now which we expect will drive significant financial growth in 2016. It is the case that our 2015 revenue and adjusted OIBDA expectations are below a very stale consensus. And I recognize that by not giving 2015 guidance on our last earnings call, we didn't help bridge that gap. So given some of the headwinds I discussed in pension, Dodgers and ad sales as well as the operating investments we're making, let me tell you that we expect 2015 to be flattish from an adjusted OIBDA growth standpoint. Looking forward, we are confident that 2016 will be very strong from a financial standpoint, with adjusted OIBDA of around $9 billion. Think of the business like a flywheel: it takes a lot of energy to get the flywheel going. But once it is going, its momentum will keep it spinning for a long time. Similarly, in our business, you have to spend to get the subscriber machine running. But once it's running like our flywheel is now, you're in a great position to deliver strong sustainable financial growth. Moving down the income statement, first quarter adjusted diluted EPS was $1.65, down $0.13 from a year ago. One of the biggest drivers of lower EPS in Q1 was depreciation expense, which, again is a clear reflection of the massive investments we're making to improve the operations and future prospects of this company. And I would remind you that with the suspension of our share repurchase program when we announced the Comcast transaction, shares outstanding were actually up $4 million year-over-year. This compares to the prior two years when shares outstanding were coming down at least 14 million shares a year. Free cash flow was $407 million in the first quarter, down $222 million year-over-year primarily due to the $300 million year-over-year increase in capital investments. Remember also that while bonus depreciation was extended at the end of 2014, it happened so late in the year that we had treated all of our 2014 federal tax payments as if it wouldn't be extended. And since we don't make a payment in Q1, we'll get a Q2 benefit of approximately $120 million due to the overpayment of federal taxes last year. CapEx of $1.1 billion in the first quarter was the highest ever in a first quarter, reflecting improvements to the plant, our aggressive investments in CPE as we continue to deploy new set-tops, digital adapters and modems in mass markets and our accelerated replacement of older, less reliable set-tops across the footprint. We also continue to invest in the future growth of Business Services. We connected nearly 12,000 commercial buildings to our network in Q1 and increased our serviceable revenue opportunity to approximately $18 billion. As we indicated, we were spending aggressively on CapEx ahead of the anticipated merger closing. Coupling that with our initiatives for the rest of 2015 will result in full-year CapEx being a little higher than last year. Finally, we are also working through our go-forward capital allocation plans with the board, as Rob noted. We obviously delevered over the last 14 months and are currently levered at approximately 2.9 times with the usual adjustments. We realize that smart capital allocation, including buybacks and dividend increases, has been a big part of the Time Warner Cable story and we expect it to be in the future, along with the opportunity for significant go-forward value creation from ongoing improvements in operations. With that, let me turn it back over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Artie. Candy, we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. We would ask each caller to ask a single question so that we can accommodate as many callers as time permits. First question please.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from Craig Moffett of MoffettNathanson.
Craig E. Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Hi. Good morning. So I guess I have to ask about the elephant in the room, but given Artie's discussion about the payoff for the investments you're making now really doesn't come in until 2016. How do you think about the M&A opportunities in front of you between now and 2016? Would you prefer to defer any decisions until after you start to see the flywheel as already described it paying benefits? Or can that all be priced in upfront and whether you're a buyer or seller or what have you?
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Craig, it's Rob, I'll take it. You know that we're not really going to respond to questions about any M&A except to say that one, as we made it abundantly clear this morning, we feel great about the operating health of our business right now, and two, we're going to be guided by the same principles that have guided us heretofore, which is doing what's in the best interest of our shareholders. Period.
Craig E. Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Okay. Can I slip in an operating question then if I can't get a  (28:59)?
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Go for it, Craig.
Craig E. Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Where are the subscribers coming from? The numbers you put out in basic video especially are particularly strong. Are you seeing a real sea change with respect to satellite TV or is it weakness in AT&T viewers or some combination of the two?
Dinesh C. Jain - Chief Operating Officer: Craig, this is Dinni. It's always tempting to look at this as complete a zero-sum game as if, if we're growing that that absolutely means that somebody else is doing something bad or not executing as well as they want to. I think the reality is, there are a lot of jump balls as we call them. Every time a customer moves, every time a customer is looking to change, and we are winning a lot more of those jump balls and we were winning last year or the year before. And I think that's because we're so focused  we're so focused on a lot of small things from an execution standpoint. And I think we're slowly winning on those things. So I don't think that there is a great answer there for you. We have a triple-play offer that's not dissimilar from a lot of the others in the industry. We're not particularly really aggressive in our offers or in our promotions, but what we're doing is executing very well on both sales and marketing, particularly in care and tech ops.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The only thing I'd throw in, in addition to what Dinni just said is that our performance is improving against all competitors. And in fact when you look at how we're performing in markets where we compete with FiOS and U-verse, connects are up and disconnects are down. And that really reflects the strength we're seeing against all players.
Craig E. Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Right. Thank you.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks Craig. Next question please, Candy.
Operator: Thank you. Next question of Jessica Reif Cohen of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Also two questions if it's okay. First, on your calendar 2016 guidance, it's a bit lower than what you've stated in the past. What changed?
Arthur T. Minson - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Jessica, it's Artie. There's a couple of things I would point out. One is obviously pension. We talked about $26 million year-over-year in Q1. So, if you analyze that, that is $100 million right there. The second is obviously, we do not have a Dodgers deal at this point so that that certainly has an impact and programming costs have also been higher than we had anticipated. Obviously 12.2% per basic sub growth was more than we had anticipated than when we did the plan. Jessica, was your question 2015 or 2016, I'm sorry?
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: 2016. Is that  I think Artie, it was 2016.
Arthur T. Minson - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: 2016, and my answers really were applying to 2015. I think 2016, you also have ad sales is also  we will be presumably off a lower base going into next year as well, so that also has an impact.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I would just say Jessica, as an overall comment, relative to the three-year plan we articulated prior to the announcement of the Comcast deal, we feel very good about how we're tracking. Any plan, you have puts and takes, some things you're ahead on, some things you're a little bit behind on. With respect to subscriber metrics, we're tracking extremely well. We're ahead of where we thought we'd be. With respect to underlying operating metrics, how we're doing in terms of improving the customer experience, we're ahead. Admittedly, that's requiring some additional investment. And as a result, we're tracking a little bit behind on OIBDA. But overall, I feel like we're tracking very well against the plan.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And so my second question actually relates to the tremendous growth that you've had, I mean the improvement in video subs. It's really encouraging how much you've improved over the last few quarters. What is your longer-term view of pay-TV penetration and the bundle overall? Can you give us  how do you see this playing out? Will we have a full bundle, which seems to be a better value proposition? Or do you think consumers want skinny packages? Will they move to OTC? How do you think about it?
Dinesh C. Jain - Chief Operating Officer: I think there's a lot of play left in the plan that we're executing right now. I think there's a lot of play left with triple-play. And just a little while ago, people were acting like the phone product was completely dead and the ability for us to go out and aggressively sell phone as part of a triple-play was very limited. And I think we've shown that that's not actually the case. There's a lot of attraction in the press about skinny packages. I think a lot of the times, customers don't want to get bogged down in a lot of choices to make on those kinds of things. There's a lot of value in our triple-play packaging right now and it's a simpler sale. And I think that there's a lot of play in that. And I think that in terms of skinny packages, we don't want to be pioneers on that. There's a lot of talk and a lot of work going on out there from other guys. And if any of their things work, we'll just be fast followers on that stuff because I think there are some segments of our customer base where that is going to have appeal.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Jessica. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question of Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks, good morning. Artie, just quickly, is 3.25 leverage still the target on Norstar that we should be thinking about? And just to clarify, are you assuming that Dodgers are carried in 2016, in the 2016 guidance or not? And then my real question maybe for Rob or Dinni is, the customer metrics are clearly strong. I think you guys have had your new pricing and packaging out for about a year. But the ARPU growth, and you had some price increases in Q1, the revenue growth per customer relationship was about 1%. And I'm wondering given you talk about high-quality subs coming in on both video and data, and we should be lapping some earlier promos, why isn't that number higher now? And do you expect that to accelerate this year? Or is that really more going to take place next year based on your current plan?
Arthur T. Minson - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Ben, it's Artie. Let me  with respect to the Dodgers, I'm not going to get into sort of any of the specifics  underlying assumptions in the plan. We continue to think that Dodgers product is a great product and I will leave it at that. In the 3.25, as I indicated in my proactive remarks, we will be engaging with the board on a review of our overall capital allocation philosophy. So I frankly don't want to get ahead of those conversations either. One, before I turn it over to Rob and Dinni on the ARPU per CR, one thing I would just point out is, we are, which is a good thing, increasing the denominator on customer relationships. We're adding new customers and they tend to come in at a lower ARPU than the rest of the base. The good news is, they're coming in, the new customers, at a higher rate than they had in the past, but still they come in less at the overall base, but we'll make that trade-off all day long.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think Artie hit it on the head. Some of this is just math. The better you do in terms of volume, almost definitionally, given that we live in a world where new customers come in on promotional pricing, that means that ARPU comes down. And that's why I always counsel against putting too much stock in ARPU on its own. Really what you want to focus on is where overall revenue is going, and that's why we're so pleased with the organic revenue growth in residential, which is the best it's been in over three years. So look, I think we feel very good about the quality of the subs, customers are coming in at higher tiers of service. In video, we added 30,000 video customers. In fact, we added close to 150,000 to our preferred tier of service. Similarly, HSD customers are coming in at higher tiers of service, higher speed tiers. And interestingly enough, we're less reliant for growth than we have been in the past on our Lite tiers of HSD service. So, I think all this bodes well for ARPU improvements down the road and I'm not troubled at all by what seems like lower ARPU growth than we've had in the past.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for the color.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Ben. Next question, please.
Operator: Next question of John Hodulik with UBS.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, thanks, guys. Just a couple of questions around the CapEx guidance. You guys did about 20% of sales this quarter, up pretty meaningfully versus on a year ago number. Is that 20% a good number? I know it's a ways out, but does CapEx fall in 2016? Is 2016 sort of the top? Or how do you expect that as a percentage of sales curve to sort of flow through? Thanks.
Arthur T. Minson - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Obviously, we didn't give 2016 capital guidance today and I'm not  in the proactive remarks, and I'm not going to give any additional color today. What I will tell you is, we continue to be really pleased with the returns we're seeing on our CapEx spend. It has, I think the proof is obviously in our operating performance, our customer metrics, where we sat last year, there were things we really wanted to accomplish when we made the investments, which was, improve our product reliability, improve our network reliability, make sure our customers had the best equipment in their homes for new customers, go into existing customers' homes and take out equipment that we thought was not optimizing the experience. And I think the proof is in the subscriber results today. So to the extent we continue to see those results which we expect to, I think that obviously requires capital, but there's a great return on that capital. Obviously also, we continue to invest in Business Services. The business is at a $3.1 billion run rate. We added 12,000 buildings to the network this quarter, and that's another place you're going to continue to see investments. But all that has very, very good returns on it.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, John. Next question please, Candy.
Operator: Thank you. Next question of Phil Cusick of JPMorgan.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Same topic from a different direction. As I think about the all-digital pacing, where do you think you can be in terms of markets or subscriber or footprint by the end of 2015 and when does the all-digital transition sort of get done? And then the other side of it is, on the set-top box, your high-end box, I would say, is much better than you've had historically, but probably not up to the level of an X1 and some of the competitors. How do you think about the durability of that box in the marketplace long-term and do you think about doing something else? Thanks.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Phil, we've laid out the schedule for rolling out TWC Maxx, which really includes the all-digital conversion. I think that takes us to somewhere between 40% and 50% of the footprint by the end of the year in terms of homes passed. And the exact pace at which we continue that process in 2016 and 2017 I think in part depends on the experience we have in 2015, where we're feeling better about our ability to roll out all-digital this year than we did last year, which was really the first year of the program. And we'll evaluate as we go into 2016 how quickly we think we can ramp the next batch of systems, so that's the pacing. In terms of the set-top box question, I think your question really goes to the guide or the user interface as opposed to the box. Is that correct?
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. That's fair.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. So look, right now, we have on  I believe 8 million set-top boxes, so a real mass deployment, what I think of as a very robust cloud-based guide. And I think that concept of having a guide in front of that many customers, that great of proportion of our total subscriber base, might be ahead of the rest of the pack in the industry. It's  the current version of that guide has a great rich graphical user interface, and we've seen the impact of that already in that usage of VOD amongst customers who have that guide, is a lot higher than on the prior boxes. So I feel very good about where we are in terms of the guide. We do have a next-generation cloud-based guide, which is following this one, which is in some paying customers' homes right now and will be more broadly deployed in the back half of this year. But that only makes what we've got today even better. I feel very good about the current guide offering.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, Rob.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Phil. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question of Rich Greenfield of BTIG.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: Hi. A couple questions. First, just video ARPU improved from flat year-over-year in Q1 last year to up 2% in Q1 2015, while your high-speed ARPU growth went from up 9% a year ago to only up 3%. Why is data ARPU growth slowing while video ARPU growth is improving? I assume there's discounting in there as well as year-over-year rate increase timing but just, could you give us a bit more clarity on how those metrics are performing.
Arthur T. Minson - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. Hey, Rich, it's Artie. What you may recall is, if you go back over a year ago, we were doing, what I would call, product rate increases. So you may, at one point in the year, get a video rate increase, and you may, at another point in the year, get an HSD increase. You may recall in the comparison year you have that we increased our HSD modem fee, and that drove HSD ARPU in that year. This year when we went out, we went to what we call the unified rate increase, which was one increase to a customer per year regardless of the number of products, and that had more of a allocation across the different product lines of that increase. So as we've said in the past, we tend to not sort of focus too much on the individual product ARPUs, but that difference in approach to how we do rate increases is impacting the year-over-year product ARPU comparisons.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: And then just a question for Rob because I think this is kind of the elephant in the room in terms of your stock price. How do you think about the value currently of your stock? Given the performance of the company today versus a year ago, obviously stock is up a lot from when you had a whole bunch of approaches over a year ago. How do you think about the intrinsic value of where your stock is currently trading? And how investors currently perceive the company at current levels?
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Rich, your connection is lousy, so I only heard part of it, but I think I got the gist. We're not going to comment except to say that everything we said today supports the notion that we feel great about the spot we're in. We think that our strength yields terrific confidence for the future. And we're pleased with the overall health of the business, period, end of story.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: Thanks.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Rich. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question of Jason Bazinet with Citi.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Just a quick question for Mr. Marcus. Maybe a strange one in light of your positive net adds on Video, but I know investors care about it given some of the bigger changes maybe going on in the industry. If a customer ends up terminating their video subscription with you and you have a, whatever it is, $35 gross profit shortfall, how do you internally think about bridging the gap to claw back to break even? In other words, is it taking standalone data higher, is it consumption data, are there other costs in there where video isn't as profitable as it may appear? Just how do you think about that?
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Jason, I've been asked that question numerous times in the past. And I think it departs from the reality of the marketplace. At the end of the day, we've got to figure out how to have competitive products that are really compelling to customers. So it's not so simple as taking money from one bucket and sticking it in another bucket. We're very focused on delivering compelling products to customers at a price that delivers real value. And beyond that, we think the rest is going to work itself out. But we can't think in terms of taking gross margin dollars that are lost because we lose a video customer and somehow embedding those into HSD and not seeing an impact on HSD. So I think we're going to not really think about the world quite that way.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. All right. Thank you.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Jason. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question of Amy Yong from Macquarie.
Amy Yong - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thanks. My question is actually on AT&T and DTV. And I guess with the merger closing around May, June, do you anticipate any bigger changes on the promotional side or competitive landscape? And then just really quickly, Artie, how do we think about cash taxes for this year? Thanks.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: On DIRECTV-AT&T, obviously, that deal has not yet closed. And at this point, no, we don't anticipate any change really in the promotional pricing. Arguably a deal like that where two companies that actually do compete with one another in the marketplace, if it were to close, would reduce the number of competitors in the marketplace. And as a general matter, that's good for the other participants in the marketplace, so I'm not terribly worried about it.
Arthur T. Minson - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And Amy, our cash taxes, at this point, our outlook is about $475 million for the year. If there was an extension of bonus depreciation, that may reduce cash taxes by another $100 million. You'll recall that last year, it happened so late in the year that frankly, we had already made our estimated tax payments. So with no extension, you're sort of looking in the $475 million range.
Amy Yong - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Amy. Next question please, Candy.
Operator: Thank you. Next question of Tom Eagan with Telsey Advisors.
Thomas William Eagan - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Super. Thank you very much. Rob, I think it was the last earnings call, you mentioned that the CBC Wi-Fi offer was interesting, but you felt the need for some kind of backup. Any comments on Wi-Fi. Thanks.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'm not sure I have much to add to what I said last quarter. We continue to be big fans of Wi-Fi. Our high-speed data customers now I think have access to something like 400,000 Wi-Fi hotspots across the country, when you include both the Wi-Fi hotspots that we've deployed and the Wi-Fi hotspots of our various cable partners. I think that's a great value-add. We saw increased usage amongst our high-speed data customers of Wi-Fi this quarter. So we'll continue to invest to broaden that network because we think it makes our high-speed data product that much more attractive. Whether or not there's a play which is more of a cellular replacement strategy, which may include voice, I think that remains to be seen. I said that I thought the Freewheel offering from Cablevision was intriguing, but I'm inclined to watch and see how that evolves and then we'll see how best to develop our own strategy on that front.
Thomas William Eagan - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Tom. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question of Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. I have two. In your prepared remarks, you talked about the timing of rate increases this year versus last year. Can you say anything about the magnitude? And then secondly, given all of the uncertainty obviously going around the deal, how are you positioned from a personnel perspective? Is there going to be some sort of hiring outreach? Thanks.
Arthur T. Minson - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: On the rate increases, Marci, some of them hit Q1. And we'll basically get a full quarter impact on Q2. You will recall that last year as I said, it's almost a sea change in how we did rate increases whereas last year, we had more rate increases in different quarters, particularly around HSD and modem fees, so really a different approach. What I would tell you is overall this year, our rate increases went to more customers, but the average customer got a meaningfully lower rate increase. So we talk a lot about the goal of getting back to a balance of rate and volume. And obviously one of the ways we did that is to not be as dependent on higher rate increases. So we went broader with them, but not as much on individual bills.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Marci, as far as the team goes, one of the things that I am proudest of and has impressed me the most over the course of the last year and change is just how fabulously the team has hung together and performed in the face of what were at times challenging circumstances. Bottom line is, if this team could hang together through what we just went through, we're about as well positioned for the future as one could imagine. So I feel very good about where we sit in terms of the team.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Marci. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question of Mike McCormack of Jefferies.
Michael L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks. Artie, maybe just a quick comment on the programming expense trend, maybe on a per sub basis and what you're contemplating in the guide. And then one for Rob, thinking about the, I guess, the future of TV watching and the younger demo, is there a movement at some point to a set-top or CPE Lite model meeting the demand for maybe the current product, but only on an app space basis?
Arthur T. Minson - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: On the programming increase, we obviously didn't get into any specifics in the full-year guide. What I would tell you though is a lot of the dynamics we saw in Q1 do continue through the rest of the year. There are some lapping of products that were launched later in 2014. But we frankly  I think you're not going to see that much of a change this year.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Mike, in terms of the concept of a set-top boxless video product. First, before I get to it, let me just say that there tends to be, in my opinion, an obsessive interest in millennials, maybe at the expense of the broader customer base. And I would tell you that for most of our customers, the vast majority of our customers, the way we currently deliver the video product is pretty darn attractive. That said, sure, there's a group of customers who might very well like to access video via other means. And that's one thing we've been incredibly aggressive on over the last several years is making the video product available on multiple platforms, whether it's iOS platforms, iPads and iPhones, Android-based platforms. Most recently, we launched the Xbox. So it is definitely the case that over time, I can see a world where more and more customers consume our offering without needing to lease a set-top box from us. But that doesn't mean we're going to abandon the largest portion of our customers who actually do like the current model.
Michael L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Yes. It just seems like if you can move to no truck roll, self-install and a cable modem and save on that side and the cost side, it could be an interesting model going forward.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Without a doubt, for a certain portion of our customer population, that could be incredibly attractive to them and maybe financially very interesting for us.
Michael L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks, guys.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Mike. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question of Vijay Jayant with Evercore ISI.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: Thanks. I just wanted to  you're talking about nearly 10% EBITDA growth  OIBDA in 2016. Can you give any breakdown on how much of that is really going to be driven by step ups in promotional pricing going to full-rate pricing versus some of the investments in customer care and tech ops sort of normalizing so that we get a better sense? And I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Arthur T. Minson - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Vijay. It's Artie. I would just point out a couple of things. To your point on tech ops and customer care, we basically have had the stair-step increase in investment this year. And so that, to your point, begins to normalize out. As you think about programming, I would think we don't have any new launches on the horizon right now. We also though, I think the really key thing is, and I talked a little bit sort of as the Flywheel of the business, when you start adding subscribers and have that momentum and have a full year of subscriber add wind at your back, this year, we're still dealing with losing subscribers and losing individual products last year, it's impacting this year's results. That is sort of the biggest driver of the overall increase. You saw the acceleration in residential growth. But that should  that growth rate should continue to accelerate next year and you continue to see strong growth in Business Services. And on the ad sales front, it's obviously a political year, so that provides some benefit as well.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: On Title II broadly, obviously you guys still investing on your network and increasing broadband speeds. Can you talk about any changes in how you're thinking about raising high-speed data pricing longer term or the prospect of introducing (58:23) pricing given what you know now? Thank you.
Robert D. Marcus - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: At this point in time, no changes to our overall philosophy, but obviously we're going to be watching closely how things unfold on the Title II front. We've said in the past that our normal business practices comply entirely with the notion of the open Internet, no blocking, no discrimination, no throttling, and transparency are fundamental parts of the way we do business. So to the extent that that's the full scope of what's getting incremented under Title II, I think you won't see a change in the way we do business. To the extent that something more comes from this, as we would describe an excessively broad grant of authority, then we'll have to revisit the way we're approaching investment and pricing.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: Great. Thank you.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Vijay. I think that's all we have time for this morning.
Thomas Robey - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: For those of you planning ahead, our second quarter earnings conference call will be held on Thursday, July 30, 2015 at 8:30 A.M. Eastern Time. Thanks for joining us.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tom Robey - IR Rob Marcus - Chairman and CEO Arthur Minson - CFO Dinesh Jain - COO
Analysts: Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John Hodulik - UBS Phil Cusick - J.P. Morgan Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Laura Martin - Needham & Company Mike McCormack - Jefferies Stephan Bisson - Wells Fargo Craig Moffett - MoffettNathanson James Ratcliffe - Buckingham Research Group David Joyce - ISI Tom Eagan - Telsey Advisory Group Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research Frank Louthan - Raymond James Matthew Harrigan - Wunderlich Tuna Amobi - S&P Capital IQ
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Time Warner Cable Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now, I will turn the call over to Mr. Tom Robey, Senior Vice President of Time Warner Cable, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Candy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Time Warner Cable's 2014 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. This morning, we issued a press release detailing our 2014 fourth quarter and full year results. Before we begin, there are several items I need to cover. First, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures. Definitions and schedules setting out reconciliations of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release and trending schedules. Second, today's conference call includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements herein due to various factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Time Warner Cable is under no obligation to, and in fact, expressly disclaims any such obligation, to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Third, the quarterly growth rates disclosed on this conference call are on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise noted as being sequential. Fourth, today's press release, trending schedules, presentation slides, and related reconciliation schedules are available on our Web site at twc.com/investors. And finally, following prepared comments by Rob Marcus and Artie Minson; Rob, Artie, and our Chief Operating Officer, Dinni Jain will be available to answer your questions. With that covered, I'll thank you, and turn the call over to Rob. Rob?
Rob Marcus:
. : In particular, residential customer relationship net adds of 54,000 were the best in any fourth quarter since we went public, and residential triple play net adds of 273,000 were the most in any fourth quarter ever. It was just about a year ago that we laid out our three-year operating and strategic plan for Time Warner Cable. As a core element of that plan, we set out to revitalize our residential business by refocusing on growing our customer base, investing in reliability and customer service, and enhancing our product set. Also key to the plan, we committed to drive continued growth in business services by expanding our network, augmenting our sales force, and increasing productivity. Even with our February agreement to merge with Comcast and all of the associated distractions, our team has stayed 100% committed to the plan. The results show, and I couldn't be prouder of what we've been able to accomplish this past year. Our efforts put us ahead of plan in almost every operational category. For the full year 2014, we added 150,000 residential customer relationships and 373,000 triple plays; a radical turnaround from the past several years. Not only are we ahead of plan from our subscriber perspective, but we are also ahead of schedule on many of our customer experience focused initiatives. We completed our TWC Maxx speed increases in New York City, Los Angeles, and Austin, and our all digital conversion is done in New York and L.A. and in process in Austin. These investments along with investments we've made in new set-top boxes and modems, Wi-Fi hotspots and better reliability and customer service are already having an impact on customer satisfaction. And critically, customers in TWC Maxx markets with our new modems have churn rates that are materially lower than customers in non-Maxx markets. It's still early days, but those were exactly the proof points we banked on. Needless to say, we're very enthusiastic about launching Maxx in seven additional markets this year. We're also ahead of schedule in key customer service metrics. In Q4, our techs arrived within our industry leading one-hour appointment windows an astounding 97% of the time. And re-work is down to historically low levels, meaning we're doing better at resolving customers' issues the first time. We're ahead of plan in investing in our plant and CPE reliability too. Our plant health metrics look great, but more important form our customers perspective is the trouble calls for customer relationship were 18% lower in December than year-over-year. And we continue to deliver even better products. We'll complete the expansion of VOD capacity to 75,000 hours next quarter. That's more than a fivefold increase in just a couple of years. Our TWC TV app keeps getting better with more linear networks and VOD choices available on more devices, both inside and outside the home. In Q4, we saw usage of TWC TV continue to grow. In December, almost a million video subscribers used the app. We added unlimited China and Hong Kong calling to our phone service, which already included unlimited calling throughout North America. And we've expanded public Wi-Fi dramatically, so our customers can enjoy the benefits of broadband in more places. December Wi-Fi sessions topped 28 million, up more than 30% over the end of Q3. As I mentioned, business services growth is critical to our operating plan. Business services revenue grew nearly 23% for both the fourth quarter and the full year. And business services OIBDA margin continues to expand. Our business services strategy is working, and we're right on track to reach $5 billion in annual revenue by 2018. Our ad sales team also stepped up in 2014, making the most of the opportunity created by the midterm elections. We generated a $113 million of political advertising revenue, essentially matching our record of 2012 performance, and contributing to full year ad revenue growth of more than 10%. So we accomplished an awful lot in 2014. While we were slightly shy of our 2014 financial objectives, I'd argue that we over-delivered operationally. As a result of our really outstanding sub performance, we entered 2015 with a healthier, bigger customer base than we had planned, and terrific subscriber momentum. And as a result of our investment in our plant, our equipment, our products, and our care and tech ops capabilities, we're very well positioned for the future. Of course, we continue to work with Comcast and Charter to obtain the regulatory approvals necessary to close our merger, as well as the plan to the integration of our companies. The deal would be great for our customers and our shareholders, and we look forward to closing soon. In the meantime, we're committed to executing on our plan and building on 2014's operating momentum. With that as an overview, let me ask Artie to briefly cover the key takeaways form our fourth quarter results. Artie?
Arthur Minson: Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. Before I get going, I'd like to hit a couple of housekeeping items that are probably pretty obvious, but worth mentioning anyway. As Rob mentioned, we continue to expect the closing of our merger with Comcast will occur early this year. As a result, we're not going to be providing full year guidance today, nor are we announcing an increase to our regular dividend. Those are both things we typically do on our Q4 call, but not appropriate today, given where we stand in the deal process. I'm going to start today by rewinding the call to our fourth quarter 2013earnings call. As you'll recall, we spent a good bit of time walking through our three-year operating and financial plans to revitalize TWC. As Rob indicated in his opening remarks, we're running ahead of that plan operationally. Our residential subscriber metrics are better than expected. Our customer care and tech ops performance is the best in recent memory. Our TWC Maxx rollout is accelerating, and business services continues to be a strong driver of growth. On the financial side, I'm also pleased with our performance, and with the go-forward financial trajectory of the business, albeit of the modestly lower 2014 base. With that, let me turn to the Q4 highlights starting with customer relationships, where we performed very well. On the residential side, we gained 54,000 customer relationships in Q4, and business services, we had a 13,000 CRs. So, on a combined basis we had the best result for a Q4 at least since the time of the Adelphia transaction in 2006. The Q4 residential CR performance was driven by a 7% increase in connects, coupled with a 7% improvement in disconnects. You might recall that back in 2013 we moved to dedicated retention centers. This approach continues to pay dividends as we saw continued improvements in churn reduction. And on the connect front, we saw improvements across all major sales channels, particularly inbound sales, online, and direct sales. Our fourth quarter subscriber results topped off a strong year; full year residential CR net adds of 150,000 were 440,000 better than last year, and a quarter million better than in 2012. You'll recall that a major driver of our operating financial plan was to add 1 million residential CRs between 2014 and 2016, so that we could get back to more balanced residential revenue growth from volume and rate. Our 2014 residential CR performance exceeded our expectations, and we enter 2015 with strong momentum. PSU performance in Q4 also was outstanding. Residential PSU net adds of 425,000 where 600,000 better than last year's Q4 and 445,000 better than in 2012. All geographic markets performed better than in the fourth quarter of 2012 and 2013. The PSU growth was driven by CR increases, as well as particularly strong triple play net ads, with triple play connects more than doubling over the last year. At year end, residential triples increased to 30% of the base. Triples now represent 46% of monthly recurring revenue, which is up approximately 300 basis points from a year ago. On an individual product basis, residential video net declines of 38,000 were the best Q4 since 2006; 179,000 better than last year and 91,000 better than 2012. We saw an improvement in video performance as we went through the quarter, and in December, we had positive video net ads. Broadband volume also was very strong. Residential net adds of 168,000 were the best for a fourth quarter in seven years, and we're in fact higher than the net adds in all of 2013. Phone net adds of 295,000 were the strongest in a fourth quarter ever. As we've completed on migration of our phone product to our internal platform, we're able to much more cost effectively offer phone as a value-added product to our customers. This has helped us drive triple play selling, and we also continue to benefit from product rollouts in phones such as free calling to Mexico, Hong Kong, and China. With that, let's move on to our Q4 financial results. Total revenue of 5.8 billion was up 3.8% year-over-year. Residential services revenue grew 21 million or 0.5% year-over-year, driven by a 7.4% increase in broadband revenue. Consistent with our residential three-year plan, more of the revenue growth came from volume than from rate. In business services, revenue increased 139 million or 22.6% year-overyear in Q4. The core business here continues to be very, very healthy. In fact if you exclude the slow growing video product, revenue growth for the remaining products in the segment; data, voice, and transport was almost 26%. Operating leverage continues to be a big part of the story here. Sales rep productivity continued to improve in Q4, and we continue to manage cost aggressively. As a result, business services adjusted OIBDA margin increased by approximately 180 basis points to about 62%. Other operations revenue grew 16.1% in Q4. Media sales revenue was really strong, increasing more than 19% year-over-year, primarily due to growth in political advertising revenue, which was $61 million in the quarter versus $7 million in last year's Q4. Excluding political, ad revenue was flat year-over-year. While our full year 2014 advertising revenue of 1.1 billion was an all-time record, it did include 113 million of political revenue, making 2015 a difficult comparison. Fourth quarter other revenue increased primarily due to affiliate fees from our residential services segment, as well as other distributors for carriage of the Lakers RSNs. We grew total company adjusted OIBDA 5.6% in Q4. This reflects the strongest organic growth we've seen in recent years. While the adjusted OIBDA growth was strong, it was a little bit light from what we had been projecting for adjusted OIBDA at the end of Q3. Nothing really noteworthy here other than there were frankly a few good guys we had been forecasting on the expense side that didn't materialize. And there are a few expense bad guys around insurance accruals and legal settlements that we had not forecasted that negatively impacted us. Programming cost for residential sum [ph], including an inter-company charge from market rate RSN deals increased 12.5% to a little over $39. Keep in mind that the launches of new networks such as the SEC network last summer somewhat skewed the year-over-year programming cost comparison. These new launches will obviously impact 2015 programming cost growth as well. Tech ops and customer care together increased 42 million or 7.5%. The investments we're making in these areas have been instrumental in building a better customer experience. Higher sales expense in the quarter was more than offset by lower marketing costs, particularly in the areas of broadcast and production cost as we've strategically re-allocated our marketing investment to sales channel such as inbound sales and direct sales reps. Moving down to the income statement, fourth quarter adjusted diluted EPS was very strong at $2.03, up 11.5%. And for the year, adjusted diluted EPS grew 14.4% to $7.56. I would remind you that with the suspension of our share repurchase program when we announced the Comcast transaction, share count reduction now has a smaller impact on EPS growth, in fact, not much at all in Q4. Free cash flow was 891 million in the fourth quarter. On a full year basis, free cash flow of 2.3 billion was down 9.9% from 2013, primarily due to higher capital expenditures. CapEx of 4.1 billion in 2014 increased by almost 900 million from 2013, reflecting improvements to the plan, our aggressive investment in CPE, as we continue to deploy new set-tops, D-to-As and modems in Maxx markets, and our accelerated replacement of older less reliable set-tops across the footprint. We also continue to invest in the future growth of business services. We connected nearly 70,000 buildings to our network in 2014, bringing the total number of connected buildings to 930,000. So net-net, I'm very pleased with our continued momentum, and until we close we will run as hard as we can to the finish line, and make good on our promise to deliver the company to Comcast in very good shape. With that, let me turn it back over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Artie. Candy, we are ready to begin the Q&A portion of the conference call. We would ask each caller to ask a single question, so that we can accommodate as many callers as time permits. First question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Jessica Reif Cohen of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen: Thank you. I hate to not listen to you, Tom, but I have three really small questions. One is, I think, Artie, you mentioned there was a churn declined. Can you quantify how much? And
Arthur Minson: Jessica, if you -- I can't hear you, we're having a little bit of trouble hearing you.
Jessica Reif Cohen: Oh, I'm sorry. You mentioned there was a decline in churn. I was wondering if you could say how much. Also, could you give us any guidance for CapEx for 2015? And then finally with the increase in buildings, what is the current addressable SME market?
Arthur Minson: Sure, I'm not going to be able to help. Despite asking three questions, I'm not sure how much I'm going to be able to help you on any of those. We're not going to breakout CapEx. We're really staying away form any forward-looking guidance for 2015. On the churn, that's really nothing we've ever disclosed, what I will just sort of stick with is the overall comment that we had a very good improvement in connects and disconnects, but you should take away that churn reduction has obviously been a key focus of ours. And your last question on the buildings, we've added -- in our footprint, the addressable market size is, it's a little under 25 billion.
Jessica Reif Cohen: Okay, thank you.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Jessica. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is John Hodulik with UBS.
John Hodulik: Okay, thanks. Guys, on the call AT&T announced a new strategy as it relates to U-Verse that they are pulling back on focus on sub growth, just focusing on higher end sales. And as a result, in the fourth quarter they added far fewer subs than they did last year. I think that took place through the quarter. Do you guys -- I guess I have two questions; one, do you guys think that had any impact on -- are you seeing a change in the completive environment as a result of that? Did it affect the strength that you saw especially in December, where I think you said you went positive? And then, if you could -- if you know, give us a sense on where your overlap with the U-Verse footprint stands at this point given their recent build up. Thanks.
Rob Marcus: Yes, John, I can take both of those. It's Rob. Overlapped with U-Verse is about 26% of our footprint today. For good measure I'll throw in that we're about 14% overlap by FiOS. As far as your overall question as to what the impact of AT&T strategy was on our performance, it's hard to attribute our out-performance to any one factor. We did do well in U-Verse markets. We did well in FiOS markets for that matter too. We grew connects in both FiOS and U-Verse markets, and in fact our disconnect reduction in FiOs and U-Verse markets was better than non-FiOS and U-Verse markets. So beyond that, I'm not sure I can be more specific in addressing your particular question.
John Hodulik: That's great. Thanks, Rob.
Tom Robey: Thanks, John. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Phil Cusick with J.P. Morgan.
Phil Cusick: Hey, guys, thanks. Nice job on subs. I did notice though that ARPU trended a little lower than we expected. Is this just because of bringing on a lot of new subs on promotion? Is it a higher hit from retention, or is it about ramping people up less quickly as they come off contract? Recognizing that you aren't giving guidance, should we look for ARPU to grow more slowly this year given the focus on subscribers? Thanks.
Arthur Minson: Hey, Phil, it's Artie. I can take that one. Couple of things I would just point out in ARPU; one is, as we move to a new offer in Q4 that had a free installation, if you combine the free installation impact and as well as lower pay preview events what we would sort of call non-recurring ARPU, those had an impact in actually what we sort of refer to as monthly recurring ARPU. That was actually up slightly. The other item I'd just sort of point out when you think about ARPU, you will recall when that this year in '14 was the first year we moved to what we call, "Unified Rate Strategy," meaning that no matter what sort of bundle you are in, whether you're double play, triple play, you receive one rate increase a year. That's different in costs comparison to '13 when we were doing more product rate increases meaning if you were a double or triple you could actually get multiple rate increases throughout the year. So that obviously has a skewing impact on ARPU growth. What I would point out to you is we're basically getting right into in '15 -- the rollout of our 15 rate increases, so you should expect a step-up in ARPU from rates and fees that we will be implementing. You'll get partial quarter impact of adding Q1 and a full quarter impact in Q2.
Phil Cusick: Thanks, Artie.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Phil. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne: Another attempt at guidance even though we're not supposed to ask about it, but Rob, you said in December that you thought you guys would add video subs in 2015. I just wanted to see given the fourth quarter results I'm guessing you still feel confident, but I wanted to check. Then Artie, could you size those one-time expenses in Q4 just so we can understand the variance versus your expectations, the one-timers you called out?
Arthur Minson : Sure.
Rob Marcus: So Ben, our plan continues to be to grow video subs in 2015.
Ben Swinburne: Great.
Arthur Minson: And Ben on the expense front, I'd say the aggregate of good guys we thought we were going to get on the expense side and some bad guys that we had not forecasted; they were in about the $25 million range.
Ben Swinburne: Okay, great. Thank you.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Ben. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Laura Martin with Needham & Company.
Laura Martin: Yes, Rob, I want to borrow some of your IQ on two big strategic questions. First is, I'm very interested in your commentary around Sling TV, and whether you think you guys would offer a similar bundle from those content same guys. Then, for the purposes of my second question assumptions, assume the Comcast deal doesn't close in 2015 or 2016. Talk about net neutrality, and how you're thinking about the investment if we get the net neutrality version that Chairman Wheeler's been talking about and ultimately and then litigation immediately after, and that uncertainty and how it would affect your investment in the last mile. Thanks.
Rob Marcus: Sure, first of all, in Sling TV, we've been advocates of flexible video packages for quite some time. I think Sling TV is a variation on that theme with only 12 -- I believe 12 networks, select networks from I think three providers or four providers for a relatively low price. I think it's intriguing in the sense that it reflects a willingness of programmers to deviate from the big bundle packages that we are generally offered. In terms of the attractiveness of Sling TV itself, I'm a little bit skeptical in that. I think we've got a more compelling like if you will bundle that's happens to be called our starter video product basic table for about the same price, but with many more highly rated networks. So I think we'll watch and we're certainly interested in more flexible packages. But I'm not sure if that's the right one.
Arthur Minson: In terms of net neutrality, I'd rather answer your question not in terms of why has the Comcast deal doesn't close because we remain confident that it will. But I will talk generally about net neutrality. I think at this point I don't have any greater knowledge of exactly what's going to come out of the FCC then you probably do if we read chairman Wheelers recent statements. It appears that they're going down a title two with four bearings path. But the exact contours of that I think remains to be seen and the impact that anything they come up with will have on our future investment or willingness to invest. I think will impart depend on the detail. I think it's a -- it almost goes without saying that to the extend what they proper creates uncertainty around the regulatory regime and which we will be operating that is likely to chill our enthusiasm for investment but beyond that general statement, it's hard to say more. 
Laura Martin: Thank you. That's
Tom Robey: Thanks, Laura. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Mike McCormack with Jefferies.
Mike McCormack: Hi, guys. Thanks. I know you mentioned that you don't want to talk about 2015 guidance at all, but thinking about capital intensity if you look at the current year versus the prior year, the nice turnaround in subs. Thinking long-term capital intensity, what would be the view around that? Then if you don't mind, on voice additions, obviously very strong, I'm just trying to get a sense for whether pricing was a tool there, whether that was used for triple play uptake? Just any thoughts on why voice was so strong?
Rob Marcus: Let me fend off yet another attempt at getting guidance. On CapEx, the only thing we're going to say is that we've obviously invested aggressively in our plant reliability and our customer premises equipment in 2014, and our plan is to continue to do that in '15 as we rollout Maxx to more markets and continue to improve the customer experience. But we're not going to say anything more about specifics on capital. Dinni, you want to tackle the phone question?
Dinesh Jain: Yes, I think Mike that as Artie has been saying we've done a lot of work in the last couple of years in terms of reducing our cost base in phones. And so we feel really good about that. We're adding a lot more triple plays as you surmised, and phone is being brought along in those triple plays at rates [technical difficulty] that we have not ever seen before. So I think -- and the only other thing I would add is the double to triple migration, we're also seeing there a nice step-up in revenue from phone. We can probably be frankly little bit more aggressive than we've been in the past, given how we produce the cost structure, but we are still getting a nice step-up there as well.
Rob Marcus: I'm not sure we mentioned it, but we've been promoting a $10 both on phone offer for existing customers. We've had some pretty good success with that.
Mike McCormack: That's what I was trying to get at. Is phone that attractive as, not a toss-in, but a relatively cheaper throw-on for the bundle that makes you differentiated versus the competitors out there?
Rob Marcus: Yes, I think as we've mentioned too, this year we added free calls to Mexico and then more recently free call to China, and Hong Kong. And those the being targeted against demographic groups that find really high value in that.
Arthur Minson: What's interesting is that a reasonable share of the phone, net adds that we had, meaning they're both on $10 phone net adds, were previous voice code cutters, in other words, wireless-only. So I think we struck an offer that's actually interesting enough to pick up some of customers that we had previously lost when the prices were higher.
Mike McCormack: That's great, thanks, guys.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Mike. Next question please, Candy?
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Stephan Bisson: Good morning. This is actually Stephan Bisson for Marci. You guys have a very extensive, robust Wi-Fi network and recently some other operators have talked about monetizing it in a different way. Do have any plans for a similar monetization or that product or something different, whether it would be voice-based or charging for it?
Rob Marcus: Stephan, we're huge proponents of Wi-Fi. We've been building out our Wi-Fi network for some time, and with the benefit of our consortium with other cable operators, we have what I think is the largest national Wi-Fi network available to our customers of any provider. And to-date, we've used that as a value-add to our high-speed data product, but I think that's really just the beginning in the idea of utilizing Wi-Fi as a component of the voice offering is pretty intriguing. So I assume what you're referring to is the announcement the Cable Vision made earlier this week, and it's pretty intriguing to us. We actually implemented a somewhat similar strategy when we had our MVNO arrangement with Clearwire. In that, we offered a small bundle of data. It wasn't a voice product, but it was a Wi-Fi first data offering within an MVNO cellular backup. In theory, as the technology for voice-over-Wi-Fi continues to improve, it's theoretically interesting to think about a variation on what Cable Vision is doing. So we're going to watch that and see what the uptick is. I'm not sure that they struck exactly the right court in terms of the match between price and the absence of a cellular back up. But I think it's pretty cool.
Stephan Bisson: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is Craig Moffett, MoffettNathanson.
Craig Moffett: Hi, guys. I'm going to see if I can slip in two questions, if I could. First, maybe in light of the expected Title II offering or Title II order coming from the FCC, can you talk about your latest thinking on usage-based pricing and whether you think usage-based pricing is actually more likely under Title II, and what implications the regulatory environment might have for that? Then second, let's change the topic from, if the deal doesn't happen to if it does. Assuming it does, can you talk about what you've learned about the migration of programming rate cards for the various subscribers that are going to be swapped one way or the other? How much of the subscriber base can be swapped onto lower rate cards, and how quickly?
Rob Marcus: So the implication - in terms of the implications of the Title II for usage based pricing, I'd really say that I don't think it has much impact at all. As you guys know, we offer usage based tiers and I think the ultimate success of usage based pricing will be depended on customer uptake and the interest in availing -- customers' interest in availing themselves of a usage based tier versus unlimited tier. The reason I don't think title two has much of an impact is that today, the types of rules that are being talked about to ensure an open internet are wholly consistent with our behaviors and wholly consistent with the rest of the ISP industries behaviors. So I don't anything is going to change on that front. And usage-based pricing doesn't seem to be a target of any regulations at this point. So I think that will continue to be something thing that may evolve with the market. In terms of programming questions and post deal application of Comcast deal versus our deal, I don't think we have anything to add to what's already been discussed in. it's probably a conversation that's better had with Comcast to the extend you want to have it.
Craig Moffett: Thank you.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Craig. Candy, next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is James Ratcliffe with Buckingham Research Group.
James Ratcliffe: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question, two, if I could as well. First of all, on the Businesses Services front can you give any color on the impact that the expanded footprint actually had on the revenue growth? I noticed you ticked up sequentially in the growth rate in Q4. How much of this is expanding the penetration of existing base, and how much of it is growing into the 8% of base, so that you added? Just an idea of how much of a percent you think you can continue to penetrate over time. Secondly, the marketing strategy on triple play as, Rob, you mentioned the $10 add-in, is this an overall shift toward more marketing triple play? How much of this is just Q4 different sorts of addressable customers versus the college students in 3Q? Thanks.
Rob Marcus: All right, let me start on the business services and then Dinni will pick the triple plate and Artie may be throw in on the business service question as well. Our plan in 2014 was to expand our addressable or serviceable business services revenues opportunity by about $1.2 billion. I think the buildings we connected ended up yielding just about that. But that's sort of the actual revenue implications of those kinds of bills or lagging. So what you saw in 2014 in terms of revenue growth was really a product of prior investment as well as continues growth and our sales force and productivity within the sales force. So I think 2014s investment will ultimately yield fruit in '15, '16 and so on. You want to add to that Artie?
Arthur Minson: No, nothing to add.
Dinesh Jain: In terms of the triple plates I think everything that we're doing right now, we're still seeing through a lens of how do we build trust with our customers. And through most of 2014 we had a $79 triple play offer that was out there. But Q4 what we really did was focused on making sure that the package delivered only elements that were necessary to enjoy the package without this perception of hidden see. So one other thing we did as we moved the price from 79, 99 to $89 and we added a set top box to it. And then, we also as Artie mentioned, made a free install for triple play. I think you know there were a couple of others whose -- that was the core of the change that we made for Q4. And you know we really feel good about not just the results of it but also about you know the entering position with the relationship with the customer. And building trust during the course of the whole year. A couple of other things that we have said about the triple play is that -- we didn't want to have premiums attached to it that expired after three months or six months. We wanted to keep everything in that 12 month range and we also didn't want to have rate increases that would affect those customers within the first 12 months. So that's you know our -- our overall triple play strategy and it reflects some minor incremental changes but not being tremendous.
James Ratcliffe: Great, thank you.
Tom Robey: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Vijay Jayant with ISI.
David Joyce: Thank you. It's David Joyce for Vijay. Great subscriber numbers here in the quarter. How confident are you that you won't have the experience that you did a year ago or so when customers are moved up to full freight pricing? What might be different this time in terms of managing the churn? Secondly, what did any skinny packages contribute in the quarter? Thank you.
Dinesh Jain: So I think with regards to your first question, I think I have partially answered it in my previous answer which is to say that in the past when some Triple Play offers were put up there with too many promotional discounts when the discounts expired, the perception of the price increase was much bigger. Since we didn't add many of those elements to our current triple play package, we're not going to have that -- that affect at the end of the 12 month period. So I think we feel really about how this package will perform when you know the promotional period and at the end of the 12 months.
Arthur Minson: And David, what I would just say is in your question on skinny packages what I would point you to back to my proactive remarks where you know triple play can act so basically doubled over the last year and I think one of the things of the new offer is its -- its very clear to our customers and it's very clear frankly to our sales agents of what it is we're selling. So we have got the most pick up in selling the triple play offer which was what we intended when we launched it.
David Joyce: Great, thank you.
Tom Robey: Thank you. Next question please, Candy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is Tom Eagan with Telsey Advisory Group.
Tom Eagan: Super, thank you. With the upcoming launch of HBO over-the-top, could you give us any updated thoughts you have on the impact on your customers? Thank you.
Rob Marcus: I think it remains to be seen but you know we're going to continue to sell premium services and you know I don't anticipate it having a meaningful impact.
Tom Eagan: Great, thank you.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Tom. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Jonathan Chaplin with New Street Research.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thanks. Two quick ones, I noticed there's a decent overlap between the new markets that you've announced for Maxx and pending Google Fiber markets. I'm just wondering how Google moving into Fiber impacting your decision on markets that you rollout, but also how it impacts the sense of urgency you have around rolling out a Wi-Fi first, voice offerings, given that Google seems to be moving in that direction as well? Then a second question quickly on, if the FCC goes ahead and redefines broadband at 25 megabits per second, how do you think that impacts the calculus of the DOJ on the deal if at all? Thank you?
Rob Marcus: Let me start with your last question, I think that the notion of defining broadband at 25 megabytes per second is somewhat arbitrary am not really sure what that is intended to mean. And really I don't anticipate that that has any practical implications for -- for life going forward or for the DOJ's analysis of the deal. In terms of Maxx as we said when we first articulated our three-year plan, our aim is to have 75% of our footprint enabled with Maxx attributed by the end of the three-year plan period. And my guess is we're continuing to roll it out beyond that. So the only question is prioritization, and obviously as we think about where to go first, competitive dynamics are a factor. So that includes Google, although it's not explosively dictated by where Google decides to go. In fact I think we announced the Carolinas before Google did their announcement this week. So competitors are certainly relevant obviously. In terms of urgency around the Wi-Fi first offering, as I said earlier, I think Wi-Fi first voice product is interesting, but we don't have any specific launch plans at this time. So something we are continuing to think about.
Jonathan Chaplin: Got it, thank you.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Jonathan. Next question please, Candy.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Frank Louthan with Raymond James.
Frank Louthan: Great, thank you. Within the CapEx budget for next year, can you give us an idea of the priorities? How much is it outside plan or expansion of some of the Maxx versus success-based CapEx, and capitalizing more your investment has been? Just give us an idea of where the priorities are for the mix?
Arthur Minson: Sure, Frank. I would say there is no real change from what our priorities were, frankly, in '14. I think you'll continue to see us invest in our infrastructure around Maxx. You will continue to see us deploy new equipment. You will continue to see us continue to add buildings to our footprint for business services. So where are the priorities, remain the same.
Frank Louthan: Right. So the breakdown would look very similar to what it was in 2014 across the different lines?
Arthur Minson: That would be my expectation.
Frank Louthan: All right, thank you.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Frank. Candy, next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Matthew Harrigan with Wunderlich.
Matthew Harrigan: Thank you. With the fracturing of media and everything happening on the M2M side even, it feels like your set-top box data has a lot more value than it did before. Can you talk about ways to monetize that in concert with partners or even by yourself? I know it's a little conjectural, but I'd be interested to get your thoughts.
Rob Marcus: Yes. There is no question it is a tremendous amount of value in the set-top box data we collect. We are already using that in our ad sales business had been for some time compliant with privacy laws of course. And it also informs the way we make decisions about programming we carry and the way we carry it. So we are already utilizing it for our own business, whether there are opportunities to monetize that with third-parties is something that we've spent a lot of time deliberating on. There are obviously countervailing considerations because we want to make sure that it's not used in ways that are either inconsistent with the law or inconsistent with our business priorities. So there is no question there is value in the asset, but we are not in a position right now to announce any particular monetization plans away from using it to enhance our own business.
Matthew Harrigan: Congratulations on the quarter.
Rob Marcus: Thank you.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Matt. Candy, I think we have time for one more question if there is anyone in the queue.
Operator: Thank you. We have Tuna Amobi with S&P Capital IQ.
Tuna Amobi: Hi. Thanks a lot for taking the question and squeezing me in. I guess, Rob, with regard to your outlook for the integration of Comcast, can you give a sense of what's your timeframe after the deal closes? What you are currently doing, what you cannot do, and give us a sense of your plans for that? Also related to that, when you think about margins between Time Warner Cable and Comcast couple or so hundred point differential, where do you see the biggest opportunities post merger to narrow that gap within Time Warner Cable? Thank you.
Rob Marcus: Tuna, I'm not sure I can add much to what Comcast has already said on this front. Obviously the ultimate responsibility for integration although we are certainly working with Comcast and for that matter and planning for integration today, the responsibility for truly integrating the two companies will arrive with Comcast and try to respectively. So probably best to ask them on exactly what the timeframe is. At the outset of the -- at the announcement of the transaction, we jointly focused on an opportunity to create $1.5 billion of cost synergies, and I think Comcast has reiterated it's confidence in those numbers since that date. Those opportunities come from elimination of duplicative functions, probably more than anything else. So I'm not sure that there is much for me to add to that. It's really a Comcast question.
Tuna Amobi: Margins opportunity?
Rob Marcus: Embedded in that synergy statement is an improvement in the overall margins of Time Warner Cable and the combined company.
Tuna Amobi: Okay, that's helpful. Lastly real quick, I know you're running out of time, but housekeeping on the Maxx rollout. Are you seeing any connection between TWC app usage and the Maxx rollout in the markets where they're already launched, or are they totally independent?
Rob Marcus: It's a great question. As best I can tell, it seems to be totally independent.
Tuna Amobi: Thank you.
Tom Robey: Thank you, Tuna. And thank you all for joining us this morning. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tom Robey -  Robert D. Marcus - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Arthur T. Minson - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Dinesh C. Jain - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Craig Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division Yiyan Zhang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Thomas William Eagan - Telsey Advisory Group LLC Vijay A. Jayant - ISI Group Inc., Research Division James M. Ratcliffe - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Michael McCormack - Jefferies LLC, Research Division James C. Goss - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division Frank G. Louthan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Capital IQ Equity Research Matthew J. Harrigan - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Time Warner Cable Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you be disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the call over to Mr. Tom Robey, Senior Vice President of Time Warner Cable, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Candy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Time Warner Cable's 2014 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This morning, we issued a press release detailing our 2014 third quarter results. Before we begin, there are several items I need to cover. First, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures. Definitions and schedules setting out reconciliations of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release and trending schedules. Second, today's conference call includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements herein due to various factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Time Warner Cable is under no obligation to, and in fact, expressly disclaims any such obligation, to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Third, the quarterly growth rates disclosed on this conference call are on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise noted as sequential. Fourth, today's press release, trending schedules and presentation slides are available on our website at twc.com/investors. And finally, following prepared comments by Rob Marcus and Artie Minson, Rob, Artie and our COO, Dinni Jain, will be available to answer your questions. With that covered, I'll thank you, and turn the call over to Rob. Rob?
Robert D. Marcus: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. Overall, I'm pleased with our Q3 financial and subscriber performance. Revenue growth continued to accelerate, reaching 3.6% year-over-year, adjusted OIBDA grew 2.4% year-over-year and was essentially flat quarter-over-quarter, bucking an 8-year trend of Q2 to Q3 sequential declines. And adjusted diluted EPS increased 10.1% from last year's Q3, even without the help of continued stock buybacks. Customer relationship trends were the best for any third quarter in the last 6 years. HSD net adds were particularly strong, more than AT&T and Verizon combined, and our best Q3 in 5 years. As you would expect, we're fully engaged both in obtaining the government approvals necessary to close the Comcast deal and in planning for post-merger integration. However, for most of our organization, the primary focus remains executing on our operating plan so that we can deliver a very healthy Time Warner Cable to Comcast. On the merger front, I'm delighted that earlier this month, both TWC and Comcast shareholders voted overwhelmingly in favor of the combination. The regulatory review process at the federal, state and local levels is going pretty much as expected, albeit somewhat more slowly. We remain confident that the transaction will close in early 2015. In the meantime, the planning process continues to go very well. In recent months, TWC employees have participated in hundreds of transition planning meetings with Comcast and Charter. It's a complex exercise but the working relationships are good, and we're making excellent progress. As I mentioned, despite the merger-related activities, our 52,000-plus employees continue to be consumed with their day jobs, growing our business and improving the customer experience. Back in January, we shared with you our 3-year strategic and operating plan, and I'm extremely proud of the progress our team has made against that plan in spite of the natural distractions attendant to the Comcast and Charter transactions. Let me walk you through some of the highlights. Our Residential business is unquestionably healthier today than it was 9 months ago. We set out to drive more subscriber volume so we would become somewhat less dependent on rate for Residential revenue growth. We've delivered. Through the end of Q3, we'd added almost 1 million residential PSUs than we did in the first 3 quarters last year, a real turnaround with meaningful improvements in both customer acquisition and retention. We've driven voluntary churn down through better performance in our retention centers, front counters and retail stores. Customer acquisition has improved steadily in the first 3 quarters of the year, capped by a 9% year-over-year improvement in customer relationship connects in Q3. You'll recall that I challenged our team to add 1 million Residential customer relationships over 3 years. Three quarters in, we've already added close to 100,000, which is way ahead of our schedule. October subscriber performance also looks really good. The bottom line is that subscriber trends are better. Over the long term, we know that our ability to attract and retain customers will depend on reliability and customer service. Dinni has driven our team's renewed focus on outage reduction, change management and disciplined execution to deliver improvements in both areas, improvements that are perceptible and meaningful to our customers. Using our advanced network monitoring tools, we've identified those segments of our plant generating the most customer impacting issues, and we've already taken steps to improve plant performance at over 10,000 nodes. These investments, along with improved troubleshooting by our care agents, have yield in a more than 12% year-over-year reduction in trouble calls per customer relationship. That's 500,000 fewer service-related truck rolls year-to-date. And reducing service visits is just one of the ways we're improving the customer service experience. Last quarter, I reported that we had not only instituted 1 hour service windows throughout our footprint, but then on top of that, our on-time arrival percentage had improved. In Q3, it was better still, with our company-wide on-time percentage reaching 96%. And rework, a measure of whether we're solving customer issues the first time, is also at historic lows. We're pleased with the strides we've made, but we're by no means satisfied. We're very much committed to continuous improvement. We also continue to invest in our products. We remain very enthusiastic about our Maxx rollout. Our team has done a tremendous job on this initiative so far this year. We've completed the process of going all digital in our largest and most complicated systems, New York City and L.A., and by the end of next month, every household we pass in New York City, L.A. and Austin, that's close to 8.5 million homes in all, will be able to subscribe to 300 megabits per second high-speed data. And the great news is, is that Maxx is starting to yield improved customer satisfaction. In addition to our Maxx initiatives, we're now deploying next-generation whole-home DVRs. These boxes allow customers to watch and record 6 shows simultaneously and record up to 150 hours of HD content. We've also continued the rollout of our first-generation cloud-based guide featuring an advanced VOD portal. It's now on almost 7 million set-top boxes. Again, in Q3, VOD usage trends were better in homes with the new guide than those with our traditional guide. Our second-generation cloud-based guide is now out of beta and in paying customers' homes. This is a very significant achievement. Our UI is the first in the industry to be fully HTML5-based, which means that it not only functions on our leased set-top boxes, but also works with a wide range of consumer-owned devices. I just visited with our software developers in Denver to demo the most recent version. It looks and works great. We continue to improve our TWC TV apps and deploy WiFi Hotspots. Both achieved record usage in Q3, with over 10 million visits to the TWC TV App in September and over 20 million WiFi sessions in September. The increased usage is key as TWC TV App and TWC WiFi users churn less than comparable nonusers. In business services, we've now reached a $3 billion annual revenue run rate, right on track toward our goal of over $5 billion of annual revenue by 2018. Equally important, in my view, is that we've turned the corner in scaling the business, whereas Q3 business services revenue was 21.9% higher than a year ago, Q3 adjusted OIBDA contribution from business services increased by 28.5%. To fuel more growth in the mid-market, we're making significant investments in our product portfolio. I'm pleased to report that with our national Ethernet, managed router and more sophisticated voice offerings like the PRI and SIP, we now have the full complement of products required to effectively serve the mid-market. No surprise. We're very bullish on Business Services. If all of this sounds like we're running the business as if we were operating it for the long haul, it's because we are. Until it's time to pass the baton to Comcast, we're intent on strengthening and growing our business and improving our customers' experience. I once again want to commend our team for their commitment and focus during this time. So to summarize, I feel very good about our position. We're executing well against our plan, and we're continuing to expect the Comcast merger to close early in 2015. With that as an overview, let me ask Artie to briefly cover the key takeaways from our third quarter results. Artie?
Arthur T. Minson: Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. Let me turn to the Q3 highlights, starting with customer relationships, where we performed very well. On the Residential side, we lost 18,000 customer relationships in Q3, and in Business Services, we added 16,000 customer relationships. So on a combined basis, we came close to breakeven, which again is the best result for a Q3 in 6 years. The Q3 Residential CR performance was driven by a 9% improvement in connects. We saw a nice improvement in our online and inbound sales channels combined with slightly lower churn. On the churn front, one of the good news items is the fact that the disconnect rate was down 3% in FiOS and U-verse areas. On an individual product basis, Residential video net declines of 184,000 were 122,000 better than last year. Admittedly, an easy comp given last year's programming disputes. Most of the improvement on a net basis came in triples, as a result of higher triple play connects and lower single play video disconnects. Broadband volume was very strong. Residential net adds of 92,000 were the best for a third quarter in several years, and total broadband net adds, including both the Residential and Business Services of 108,000, were the best for a third quarter in 5 years. The positive mix shift in residential HSD continued. Our 3 highest speed tiers now comprise 35% of our HSD customers, up from 28% a year ago. Our everyday low price $14.99 light HSD tier, which is designed for more price-sensitive customers, continued to be an effective tool to attract customers from DSL. In Q3, we reached our goal of gaining a net 500,000 DSL customers, 2 quarters ahead of schedule. The $14.99 offer continue to account for approximately 15% of new Internet connects in the third quarter, and now makes up approximately 5.5% of our HSD base. Phone posted its strongest third quarter in several years, mostly due to increased triple play sell-in, increased double to triple migrations and fewer triple plays dropping voice. In terms of overall subscriber performance in the quarter, September was by far the strongest subscriber month in the quarter, both in terms of absolute net adds and on a year-over-year basis. September's momentum has continued into the first part of Q4. Subscriber net adds in October were considerably better than last year and were in fact a good bit better than in 2012 as well. With that, let's move on to our Q3 financial results. Total revenue of $5.7 billion was up 3.6% year-over-year. Residential Services revenue grew $36 million or 0.8% year-over-year, driven by $1.52 increase in ARPU per CR. Broadband revenue growth was the key driver, with total revenue up close to 11% as a result of both the strong subscriber growth I mentioned earlier and ARPU growth of 7.2%. In Business Services, revenue increased $130 million or approximately 22% year-over-year in Q3. The big story here though is operating leverage, as over the last year, we have converted 75% of incremental Business Services revenue into segment adjusted OIBDA. Sales rep productivity continue to improve in Q3, and we continue to manage costs aggressively. As a result, segment adjusted OIBDA margin increased by approximately 300 basis points to 61%. Other operations revenue grew 11.5% in Q3. Media sales revenue, which as I noted at a recent investor conference has been running shy of our expectations and increased 9%, primarily due to growth in political advertising revenue, which was $26 million in the quarter versus $12 million in last year's Q3. Excluding political, ad revenue grew a little under 4%, with virtually all of that growth coming from local and regional. We expect ad revenue growth to accelerate in Q4 as political advertising peaks. Other revenue increased primarily due to affiliate fees from our Residential Services segment for carriage of the Dodgers RSN. As we had indicated on our last earnings call, we expected a modest sequential decline in adjusted OIBDA in Q3, consistent with the trend in prior years. But we managed to match Q2 performance of $2.05 billion, resulting in the best sequential adjusted OIBDA trend in 8 years. On year-over-year basis, adjusted OIBDA grew $49 million or 2.4%. Operating expenses were up $147 million or 4.2%, with total programming and content costs up $160 million or 9.6%. The biggest driver of the increase, as in Q2, was Dodgers costs. Programming cost per residential subscriber, including an intercompany charge for a market rate Dodgers deal, increased 11.1%. Sales and marketing grew $28 million or 5% due to higher headcount and compensation in both Residential and Business Services. Customer care costs grew by approximately $20 million or 10%, as we continue to invest in TWC Maxx and other initiatives to improve the overall customer experience. Excluding programming and content and investments in sales, marketing, tech ops and care, all other expenses declined approximately $25 million or 2%. Moving down the income statement. Adjusted diluted EPS was very strong at $1.86, up 10%. Adjusted net income was up close to 8%, highlighting the fact that with the suspension of our share repurchase program when we announced the Comcast transaction, share count reduction had a smaller impact on EPS growth in Q3. Free cash flow was $368 million for the quarter, a $72 million decrease from the third quarter of last year, primarily due to higher capital spending. We spent $1.1 billion in CapEx in Q3. During the quarter, we continued our aggressive investment in CPE as we continue to deploy new set tops, DTAs and modems in Maxx markets and accelerated the replacement of older less-reliable set tops across our footprint. It's notable that year-to-date, we've connected more than 5 million new CPE devices to our network. Scalable infrastructure increased more than 50% year-over-year as we deployed next-generation CMTS gear in Maxx markets. The digital conversion process is now complete in New York City and L.A. and Austin is next. All of these investments are designed to radically improve our customers' experience. We also continue to invest in the future growth of Business Services. We connected more than 16,000 buildings to our network in Q3, expanding our annual serviceable market opportunity by more than $250 million. We expect Q4 capital spending to be considerably lighter than in Q2 and Q3. Full year CapEx should come in at around $4 billion. On the balance sheet side, we had approximately $23.8 billion of net debt at the end of the quarter for a leverage ratio of approximately 3x. We will continue to delever between now and closing as a result of OIBDA growth and the suspension of our stock buyback program. As we previously noted, we plan to continue to pay our $3 annual dividend between signing and closing. In conclusion, considering this has the potential to be our last earnings call, I thought it would be helpful to give some overall context on how we are performing against the operating and financial plan we outlined back in January. As we came into the year, our main operating goals included revitalizing our residential performance and continuing our momentum in business services, and we have done just that. Residential subscriber trends are the best we've seen in years. Business Services are scaling nicely and political advertising has been strong. We continue to expect Q4 to be the highest growth of the year in terms of revenue, OIBDA and free cash flow, with both adjusted OIBDA and free cash flow to be in the zone we discussed on our last call and full rev -- full year revenue to be approximately $22.8 billion. Our operational and financial execution is a testament to the ongoing efforts of the entire team. As Rob has noted, when it is time to turn over the keys to Comcast, we are pleased that we will be handing over a much improved Time Warner Cable. With that, let me turn it back over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Artie. Candy, we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the conference call.
Tom Robey: [Operator Instructions]
Operator: Our first question comes from Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Maybe Rob or Artie, when you look at this year and where the revenue is shaking out relative to where you started in January, I think the Dodgers carriage issue is probably about half the shortfall, at least, that's our math. Can you just talk about, maybe parse the remaining result this year versus your initial expectations for top line growth? And anything you can tell us about how your markets -- your Maxx markets or you're more -- where you're further along are performing versus your other markets to help us understand as we think about this 3-year plan, the kind of acceleration that we were going to see in '15 and '16?
Arthur T. Minson: Sure. Ben, it's Artie. You are correct that Dodgers certainly had an impact on our revenue expectations for the year. The other places where, on revenue, we had different expectations were as it related to ad sales and I think, in particular, probably, national has been trending a little bit lighter than we expected. Local and regional continues to perform well. I would also say, while Residential volumes have been stronger than we anticipated, in year rate has been a little bit lighter than our initial budget expectations. I view that, that is a long-term positive, given the fact that those volumes will drive through '15 and '16 and beyond. But certainly, we're probably running a little bit light in rate. As it relates to your question on Maxx, I would say it's just a little bit early to have a full year impact on '14 revenue for Maxx. Really, what the Maxx investments are about are helping to drive performance beyond '14. Dinni, I don't know if you have anything to add.
Dinesh C. Jain: No, I mean, we are just a couple of weeks away from finishing out the rollout in New York and L.A. and in Austin. All of that has gone really well. But as Artie said, the marketing machine for the Maxx benefits is just rolling out now, so it will really be in Q1 that we'll start to see the results.
Robert D. Marcus: The only thing I'd add on the Maxx front, guys, is that we had started to see improvements in customer satisfaction and NPS with our high-speed data and video products in those markets. It hasn't yet translated into a discernible churn reduction, but it follows that, if customer satisfaction is higher, that will ultimately benefit our subscriber performance in those markets, which is the whole idea.
Operator: Next question is Craig Moffett of MoffettNathanson.
Craig Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: A similar question to the one that was asked before about your cloud-based guide and sort of -- you mentioned that you're having better VOD trends. Are you also seeing better subscriber trends in the markets where you've got your cloud-based guide or in the cohorts lower churn with those customers? And then can you just call out one market and sort of talk about the statistics that you're seeing geographically in one market that you think is sort of a -- can be a guide for what we're going to see as the rest of the turnaround measures take hold?
Robert D. Marcus: So on the VOD trends and the new cloud-based guide, let me start by saying, you'll probably notice in our trending schedules that transactional VOD revenue was actually down year-over-year. And that kind of flies in the face of the statement that VOD usage is better with the new guide. In fact, that's really a product of the events that we saw in this year's third quarter versus last year. We had a big Mayweather fight in Q3 '13 that kind of subsumed all of the other improvement in VOD revenue. The real place we've seen the improvement in VOD is in free On Demand usage and in Subscription Video On Demand usage. So again, we're looking at this from a customer satisfaction perspective as opposed to necessarily a transactional VOD revenue driver, although the trend should flow into transactional VOD as well, given discoverability is so much easier. We don't yet have, again, clear trends on the churn front related to the new guide. But again, I do suspect that customer satisfaction improvements will translate into churn improvements over time. In terms of covering a specific market, Craig, I'm not sure what you're getting at. Are you focused on what we could say about a particular Maxx market and how it's performing relative to others?
Craig Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Yes, exactly. If you think about sort of where you've gone the furthest with your turnaround plan, what does that market look like?
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. So most of the initiatives we've engaged in over the last year or so have been focused on overall improved discipline in the way we attack acquisition and retention. And that's footprint wide. And I think we're making good progress on that. And I'll ask Dinni to comment on it when I'm done. But in terms of the Maxx markets, again, early days -- and the leading indicator is improved customer satisfaction. But it's too early to point to actual changes in subscriber performance related to that.
Operator: Next question, Jessica Reif Cohen, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: You mentioned -- I think, it was Rob who mentioned the increase in WiFi usage. So I was just wondering how over time you guys plan to either monetize WiFi or drive customer appreciation. And then a second question. With all of these recent OTT announcements, probably more to come, I would love to get your reaction with -- what does it mean to your business, do you think it'll drive more people to broadband, how it will affect your existing video business?
Robert D. Marcus: Okay. On WiFi, our -- the primary driver of the deployment of WiFi Hotspots has really been to enhance the value proposition of our HSD product as opposed to separately monetizing it. We do actually offer day passes to noncustomers to use our WiFi Hotspots. But that's not a big business certainly at this point, and it's not something we're focused on growing particularly. The idea is to improve coverage, increase the value of being a Time Warner HSD subscriber, and thereby, improve customer satisfaction, retention, acquisition, et cetera, and so we'll continue to do that. There has been conversation around whether or not there is a -- something more akin to a cellular replacement strategy. And that's something that is very much in the R&D phase as opposed to being on the near-term product road map. In terms of the over-the-top stuff, I can't -- I don't have a lot to say about the specific offerings from HBO and CBS. I'll make a few high-level comments. First is that we continue to believe that our video value proposition is a compelling one and especially with the improvements we're making in the guide and size of the VOD library and the continued improvements in the TWC TV App. We feel like we've got a very strong video offering. And we're not terribly concerned about others eating into that via over-the-top offerings. Second point I'd make is that for a long time now, we've been advocating a greater degree of flexibility in the way we deliver our video product to customers, whether that's in the form of time shifting or play-shifting or device flexibility or in fact, more flexibility around the packages we offer to customers. So to the extent that last week's announcements reflect an increased willingness on the part of programmers to embrace that kind of flexibility, we're kind of intrigued and we're more than prepared to work with programmers to deliver an even better video offering to our customers. And the last point, which I think is the one you were alluding to, is that we've always said that over-the-top video was the killer app for high-speed data. And offerings like the ones we've seen announced can only create more demand for a really robust HSD offering, and we fully intend to keep delivering the best possible HSD product. So net-net, I am kind of intrigued by the announcements, and I think they're fine for us.
Operator: Next question is Rich Greenfield of BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: And I think over the last couple of years, looking at your trending schedule, you've lost roughly, 1 million DVR customers, just looking at the decline in penetration rate, which you've also lost roughly 1.3 million video subscribers. I'm just trying to understand how much -- because I think you talked a lot about how a lot of the video losses have been kind of not your best subscribers. Are you, in fact, losing a lot of DVR subs as you lose video subs or is it really existing subscribers downgrading and no longer wanting to pay for the DVR service? I'm just trying to understand why that number seems to be heading so quickly down.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, Rich, I think you nailed the biggest driver, which is simply the loss of video customers. And it is the case that our expanded base of customers, nondigital, do over index in terms of the sub-losses. So our DVR customers as a percentage of digital customers, in other words, customers that have a set-top box, has declined a little bit over the last probably year or so. But the biggest driver is absolutely loss of total video subs. I don't know, Dinni, if you want to comment any further on what's driving that, but I don't really have much to add to it.
Dinesh C. Jain: No. I think you've handled it.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: Because it just seems like a high-margin revenue stream that's just surprising that -- it seems like...
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. Look, we love the DVR business. It's been a source of a lot of revenue for us. And it's why we have recently rolled out a more compelling DVR offering in the form of the 6-tuner 1 terabyte storage DVR. And I think that as we roll out more advanced guides, including our companion apps, the control that customers will have over their -- how they manage their DVR should also make our offering more compelling. So it's something we're focused on, clearly, and we do like the business.
Operator: Next question is Phil Cusick of JPMorgan.
Yiyan Zhang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Ava for Phil. We're just trying to understand sort of the lower revenue guidance. Do you see any revenue weakness in Midwestern markets versus the coastal markets? I guess, any difference in the revenue trends in markets testing [ph] for Comcast versus Charter? Any color there would be really helpful.
Arthur T. Minson: It's Artie. We really don't break out that level of detail of revenue by geography. So I think I'll just leave it at our overall financial performance.
Operator: Next question is Marci Ryvicker, Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a question really -- a broader industry question. I guess at what point do you think over-the-top becomes meaningful enough where you would move to a usage-based pricing model or a more definitive usage-based pricing model than what's out there now?
Robert D. Marcus: Impossible to know exactly what the path is going to be for incremental over-the-top offerings, Marci. But I'm not sure what you mean by a more definitive over-the-top -- a more definitive usage-based pricing model. For a while now, we've offered 2 separate tiers that are usage-based. We have no intention of abandoning an unlimited product we think that something that customers value and are willing to pay for. The way we've approached usage-based pricing is to offer it as an option for customers who prefer to pay less because they tend to use less. And we've made those available at 5 gigabytes per month and 30 gigabytes per month levels. And given that our median usage of broadband is in the 35 gigabytes per month zone, the 30 gigabyte tier is actually, if you are purely acting on economic rationality, a pretty compelling offering for a certain segment of our population. It's true that not many customers have taken it. I think that's a testament to the value they place on unlimited. But I'm not sure what we -- what it really means to be more definitive in the rollout of usage-based pricing. We've got it, and if customers want it, we're happy to sell it to them.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I guess, the underlying question is do you think you can monetize the pipe enough through high-speed data pricing to offset video decline?
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. I think that's a separate question from exactly how we implement usage-based pricing. Our view is, has always been, that usage-based pricing is not necessarily a source of revenue but -- a direct source of revenue, but rather a vehicle by which we can better match price with the value that an individual customer attributes to our service and that in turn could indirectly drive revenue, in that it can lead to happier, longer-tenured customers. But we haven't really viewed usage-based pricing quite the way you're postulating. I think there's a separate question as to whether or not we have the ability to offset video declines with HSD. I think it's fair to say we're very bullish on the HSD business and think we can continue to grow it based on both subscriber volume and incremental ARPU per HSD customer, and that comes via both rate and mix because we're seeing a positive mix shift and that's continuing. But I also -- look, we've never thrown in the towel on the video business, and we think we have an opportunity to grow that as well. So we're going to keep driving both businesses.
Operator: Next question is Tom Eagan of Telsey Advisers.
Thomas William Eagan - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: A couple of years ago, the markets in Dallas and L.A. were some of the toughest ones for Time Warner Cable to integrate when they were acquired from Adelphia. What have you guys learned about those markets and about the best practices?
Robert D. Marcus: Since I was the only one who's here, I guess that's me. I think the issues we faced there were that we were digging out of a significant reputational hole. When we acquired those properties, they were both satellite strongholds and it takes a long time to change perceptions of cable in a market if the service experience of customers has not been favorable, and especially, if their competitors are strong there. And it's taken us quite a long time to work our way out of that. It's just a fact of life. So it highlights the need to develop a strong emotional connection with your customers. In markets like Upstate New York where we've owned them for a long period of time and had consistently really, really positive service, penetration still are the highest despite them not being the most economically robust markets. And success leads to success, so I think that's really the primary lesson that I took away. And when we did the -- when we did that Adelphia deal and the trades with Comcast related to that, I think we underestimated just how significant that reputational uphill battle was going to be.
Thomas William Eagan - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Right. And just looking ahead, you're expanding the Maxx markets in Charlotte and in Dallas next year. What is the CSR response when the customers are asking about being a subscriber, say, of Charter?
Robert D. Marcus: I'm sorry, say that again?
Thomas William Eagan - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Well, I guess, what I was wondering was, what are the CSR's here on in the ground?
Robert D. Marcus: With respect to Maxx or with respect to trades to Charter?
Thomas William Eagan - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: With respect to trades to Charter.
Robert D. Marcus: So the markets that you highlighted are not actually systems that are going to Charter. The Carolinas will be part of Comcast post the deals. Our mid-West systems largely comprise the systems that will ultimately find their way to Charter. And at this point, those are not -- we haven't announced those markets as Maxx markets.
Operator: Next question is Vijay Jayant, ISI Group.
Vijay A. Jayant - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to dig into as you develop your platforms and the TV Everywhere platform becomes sort for the model of the future and time shifting and play-shifting sort of happens. The advent of Dynamic Digital Ad Insertion is something that the industries are waiting for. I think you have a few trials going on. Can you talk about where we are on that, and when can that platform really be commercially rolled out, and then I have a follow-up.
Robert D. Marcus: Here, I mean, we're already digitally inserting -- dynamically inserting adds on our traditional, for lack of a better term, VOD platform. And we're well along in having that be the case on our TWC TV App as well. It's becoming kind of table stakes.
Vijay A. Jayant - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Right. On just then on the skinny video/fat broadband offerings, where are you in terms of doing that? How big a piece of your gross adds have sort of come from those offerings?
Dinesh C. Jain: Yes, that's something -- Vijay, that's something that we started late in Q3 and early in Q4. And we're seeing some really early promising results for doing that. We do see that as a trend to come for us. So Comcast has been doing it for a while, and it's been successful for them, so.
Operator: Next question is James Ratcliffe of Buckingham Research.
James M. Ratcliffe - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Two, if I could. First of all, can you talk about the role you'd expect the Phone 2 Go App that you launched this week to play in terms if this drives subscriber shift, if it drives revenue, et cetera? And secondly, now that the baseball season's over, do you have a read on what, if any, sub impact having the Dodgers RSN on your systems versus none of your competitors actually had? And does this inform your negotiation process with RSNs in your other markets going forward? I mean, do you look at the value of having RSNs on your systems in markets where you don't own the RSN or have relationship with it any differently, given this experience?
Robert D. Marcus: Phone 2 Go, look, it's -- I'm excited about the product. It's a great value add for our phone product. There's not -- there are not a lot of tremendous innovations in the voice business these days. We've had great success by expanding the markets to which we offer unlimited calling at no additional charge, and that's been an innovation of sorts in terms of packaging. But in terms of the product set, Phone 2 Go is the first innovation I can think of in quite some time. It's pretty cool. It expands the flexibility of the product, and I think it will just increase the video -- the voice value proposition. So that's the way we think about that offering. In terms of the Dodgers situation, you can't necessarily draw a direct relation -- a causal relationship. But I will say that L.A., of all of our markets, had the best year-over-year video performance in Q3. So draw whatever conclusions you want from that. Obviously, as we approach the new baseball season, we'll be back in the market trying to cut distribution deals that we weren't able to cut this year. I don't think there's a meaningful change in our view on the -- our relationship with third-party RSNs from our experience here. We know from our viewership data that our Dodgers network got meaningful viewership during the season -- both in terms of percentage of customers watching the network and the amount of time that they watched the network. So I don't think our view of the value of that network is in any way diminished as a result of the affiliate sales experience we've had in season one.
Operator: Next question is Mike McCormack of Jefferies.
Michael McCormack - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Rob, maybe just a quick comment. I know we've been beating OTT a bit to death here. But thinking about those Maxx markets, if you're seeing more broadband only, but at the same time, you're discussing your sort of multi-record DVRs, more advanced set-top boxes, it just seems disconnected to me that we need a heavy investments in CPE while the market is moving more towards BYOD, so just your thoughts around that. And then secondly, if we could just touch on the 4Q margin guide. It looks like you'd have a pretty good improvement in margins in 4Q, I'm just wondering what the drivers are there.
Robert D. Marcus: I'll start and Artie will pick up on the margin question. In terms of investment in CPE, look, first of all, I'd point out that I think we deployed something like 1 million DOCSIS 3.0 modems in Q3, which is a portion of the CPE story and is very relevant to delivering faster HSD speeds, which I think are important for HSD customers generally, but certainly to the extent we're driving towards an IP-delivered model that's relevant. But I think where you're -- the issue you're getting at is one that the cable industry has faced many times in the past. We're talking about transitions, and even if we end up in a world over time that has customers bringing their own devices. And we're certainly believers in that model ultimately prevailing at least with respect to some customers. In the meantime, we've got a ton of video customers that continue to consume our product via leased set-top boxes. And we expect that, that will continue for a long time to come. And our vision is that those customers get the best possible experience while they are leasing our set-top boxes. So we want to replace nonperforming boxes, deploy DVRs that have greater capabilities and ensure we deliver a really great video experience. So it's really all about the transitions, but you can starve the business in the meanwhile.
Michael McCormack - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Rob, I know you mentioned that it was early days on Maxx, but any thoughts on whether that's going to drive sort of singles on broadband-only in that younger demo?
Robert D. Marcus: I don't anticipate that being the case at all, no. I think that there is certainly a trend towards more HSD-only customers, and that's a trend that's existed for quite some time. I think if you look at the first 3 quarters of this year, we added something like 350,000 HSD-onlys that's about the same as the first 3 quarters of 2013. But -- and we have, I think, 3 million or so residential HSD-onlys now, maybe 3.1 million. It's going to continue to grow, but I don't think that's directly related in any way towards Maxx or towards the availability of higher speeds in the Maxx markets. I will say that to the extent customers do take our highest speed tiers in Maxx markets, even if they do so on an HSD-only basis, we kind of like that model.
Arthur T. Minson: And I would just add on the margin question you had, the 2 biggest drivers of margin expansion from Q3 to Q4, you obviously have an increase in high-margin political advertising and you have the absence of Dodgers rights fees as we expense those over the baseball season.
Operator: Next question is Jim Goss of Barrington Research.
James C. Goss - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could comment from your transitioning vantage point. Given the OTT announcements and the ever-increasing importance of HSD, do you think if there actually will develop any shifts in bundling toward  la carte in any way over the next several years? And I'm also wondering, in a related basis, the attitude you might have toward the allocation of channel slash to the very small channels that largely offer color and rounding out of video offerings when you're getting into affiliate negotiations, and the program providers are basically saying that 3 or 4 of their channels account for most of the value, so you might as well take all of the other channels in the package.
Robert D. Marcus: Okay. The first question is -- t really requires us to speculate about where  la carte may go either because of market forces or regulation. And we've been talking about our view that enhanced flexibility in delivering packages to customers is probably a good thing for a long time now. I don't think I have much more to add on that. I honestly don't know exactly how things unfold. There certainly seems to be a trend toward products being offered on a less bundled basis, at least to the extent it's delivered online. And I think we all know that over time, this is one unified market, so it's hard to imagine that things stay status quo, but I can't tell you exactly how they change. In terms of the allocation of channels, I'm really not sure I understand the question. I mean, we offer a wide array of channels of varying types and differing ownership. We offer many channels that are independent channels, not owned by any of the programming conglomerates. And mostly, we're -- we conduct our programming negotiations with customer interests in mind. So I'm not sure what more to add in that.
James C. Goss - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Well, it just seems that when there are negotiations that are focusing on the 3 or 4 killer channels and a lot of other ones are color, if you have better alternatives for the channel capacity, does that ever come into play?
Robert D. Marcus: Well, look, there's no question that your fundamental point which is that programmers that have more key channels along with other channels that may be less popular, they certainly have leverage to insist that we carry those other channels, even if we might not otherwise have been inclined to do so. The only good news, and there's costs associated with that, I would say that as we've expanded the capacity of our plant, our ability to carry more channels period has certainly grown, which does enable us to carry those other channels as well.
Operator: Next question is Frank Louthan of Raymond James.
Frank G. Louthan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Can you comment a little bit on the sell-through of the NaviSite product, both to the SMB and larger enterprises and how that's helped the commercial business?
Arthur T. Minson: Frank, it's Artie. I can help there. I would say that NaviSite continues to be a bit of a work in progress for us. I would say that it's probably at this point a drag on our overall business services growth. One of the things when Phil Meeks joined us this year was -- his focus of his was to revitalize growth in the NaviSite product, and we're seeing some progress there. But just to give you some overall context, I mean, NaviSite is probably 10% of our overall Business Services revenue, which is 10% of our overall company revenue. So it's pretty small. We do think there is an opportunity, and we've talked to Comcast about it by having an offering of NaviSite across their larger footprint, we do think that will be a benefit in the deal.
Operator: Next question, Tuna Amobi, S&P Capital IQ.
Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Capital IQ Equity Research: So just a quick clarification on the -- I think you said usage was up significantly on the TWC apps. Can you provide more color between in-home, out-of-home viewing where -- if you're tracking that, and where you're seeing more of the usage there and the impact on the churn that you talked about? And separately with regard to the outage, Rob, it seems like a lot was made of it, and it doesn't appear to have had any impact, if I'm reading your comments correctly in this quarter. Is there any lingering impact that you see carrying over into next quarter? Can you comment on that? I know you said it was more or less a human error, but the news was really kind of sounds like overblown, if I may put it that way. So if you can provide more color on that, that would be helpful.
Robert D. Marcus: I'll start with the outage, and I'm sure, Dinni will want to chime in. I don't want to ever say that attention was overblown because it would suggest that we don't take all outages very seriously. And the answer is we do take them incredibly seriously, and we would like to never have any of them, let alone ones that get the kind of press that this one did. Your question sort of suggests that you are expecting some sort of a subscriber impact from the outage. I'll tell you, the reality is it happened when the majority of our customers were sleeping. It wasn't -- it didn't endure for very long or during hours when anybody was actually trying to use our services. The customer call volume was not significant, so it was not a terribly significant customer impacting outage. That said, it did get press attention, and that's just inherently a bad thing. And we would endeavor for something like that not happen again. I don't know, Dinni, if you want to comment on that?
Dinesh C. Jain: No. I mean, I think that, again, the outage occurred during a similar routine maintenance, and as Rob mentioned, there were a couple of human process errors there. We take these things very seriously, and it was unfortunate that it happened then. But I think it must've been a very slow news day that it got picked up that morning.
Robert D. Marcus: The other point I'll make more generally is that one of the things that Dinni is particularly focused on is overall outage reduction, both planned outage management and unplanned outage reduction. And I think that's an important part of delivering a really reliable service to our customers. We talk a lot about the front-end of customer service which is solving problems once they arise, but cutting them off at the pass and eliminating the issue in the first place is the best form of customer service. And we're very focused on that as an overall matter. In terms of the TWC TV App, the vast majority of usage is still in-home. And within that, I think we still see the iOS platform as being far and away the most significant one for TWC TV App usage, although growth in our Roku offering has been pretty meaningful over the last quarter or so. So over time, I think that usage will become more balanced in-home and out-of-home, but right now, in-home is still the predominant form of usage.
Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Capital IQ Equity Research: Okay. This all very helpful. Sounds like the outage was a tempest in a teapot, if I can borrow it from famous quote.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, I'll let you say that because I really do believe what I said earlier. Any comments about the coverage being overblown would suggest that we don't take it seriously, and that's just not the case.
Operator: Our last question is Matthew Harrigan of Wunderlich Securities.
Matthew J. Harrigan - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: I'm not even sure if you can even measure it, but are you seeing any nascent activity in 4K over-the-top? And as time goes when you might even get linear channels or sports where you can't compress as efficiently, are you hardening out your networks for that? I mean, do you think that's going to have some consumer appeal? I know over at HBO, your former chief technology officer thought there would be, like 3D, very little impact and the CTO over at HBO now thinks it actually could be a fairly big deal?
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. I think it's hard to know exactly how 4K will take hold. If the past is any guide, customers do have an insatiable thirst for better pictures, better sound. At this point, we recognize that it's on the horizon, and we'll ensure that our network is capable of delivering whatever new formats become available. There's a bit of a chicken and egg as there always is with new formats in that CE manufacturers hesitate to invest until there's content available and content guys hesitate to invest until there are customers that can actually view the content. So yes, you have the normal chicken and egg, but I suspect that we will ultimately see a far greater amount of 4K than we're currently seeing.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Matt, and thanks, everyone, for listening this morning. If you've got questions, don't hesitate to call. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tom Robey -  Robert D. Marcus - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Arthur T. Minson - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Dinesh C. Jain - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Lisa L. Friedman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Thomas William Eagan - Telsey Advisory Group LLC James M. Ratcliffe - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Scott Goldman - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Matthew J. Harrigan - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Capital IQ Equity Research Frank G. Louthan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Time Warner Cable Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I'll turn the call over to Mr. Tom Robey, Senior Vice President of Time Warner Cable, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Candy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Time Warner Cable's 2014 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This morning, we issued a press release detailing our 2014 second quarter results. Before we begin, there are several items I need to cover. First, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures. Definitions and schedules setting out reconciliations of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release and trending schedules. Second, today's conference call includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs, and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements herein due to various factors, which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Time Warner Cable is under no obligation to and in fact, expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Third, the quarterly growth rates disclosed on this conference call are on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise noted as sequential. Fourth, today's press release, trending schedules and presentation slides are available on our website at twc.com/investors. And finally, following the prepared comments by CEO, Rob Marcus; and CFO, Artie Minson, Rob, Artie, and COO, Dinni Jain, will be available to answer your questions. With that covered, I'll thank you and turn the call over to Rob. Rob?
Robert D. Marcus: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. Before I get started, I do want to acknowledge that this is our first earnings call since Glenn's passing, and I want to thank everyone for the outpouring of support and kind words. Needless to say, we all miss him. Time Warner Cable delivered another very good quarter. Subs were strong, ARPU growth accelerated and we made terrific progress on our strategic and operating initiatives. In short, we're delivering on the plan that we laid out back in January and I feel very good about the business. I again want to commend our team for remaining laser-focused on executing our operating plan, while at the same time, working to secure government approvals and planning for the integration with Comcast and Charter. Since announcing the deal, we have been steadfast in our commitment to running the business as if we were running it for the long haul. No easy task, given the many transaction-related distractions, but our team has really risen to the challenge, and I couldn't be prouder of their efforts. This quarter, we built on subscriber momentum that really began at the end of last year. And after a first quarter that marked our best subscriber performance in many years, our second quarter subscriber performance was nearly as impressive. In fact, it was our best second quarter in 4 years. Residential ARPU growth accelerated, and business services and ad sales continued to perform well. For some time now, we've been talking about prioritizing reliability, customer service and product differentiation in ways that matter to our customers. This quarter, we made great strides in all of these areas. Perhaps the most high-profile manifestation of these customer-focused priorities is our TWC Maxx program, our effort to transform the Time Warner Cable experience with faster Internet, more advanced video, rock-solid network reliability and better customer service. I'm pleased to report that the initiative is going very well. The conversion to All Digital video is complete in New York City and on track to be finished in L.A. well before year end. In the past several months alone, we've deployed more than 0.5 million DTAs in L.A., the vast majority of which were self-installs. On the broadband side, we now have TWC Maxx speeds of up to 300 megabits a second available to hundreds of thousands of customers. We expect to reach 3 million customers by year end. We're feeling so good about our TWC Maxx program that we've decided to accelerate our rollout and designate Austin, Texas a Maxx market this year. We're preparing for the All Digital conversion right now, and we've already made TWC Maxx HSD speeds available to tens of thousands of Austin customers. Accelerating Maxx will, of course, require us to invest more capital and incur additional operating costs this year, but I'm thrilled that we're in a position to pull this spend forward. Artie will detail this for you in a few minutes. Looking forward, we're planning to expand TWC Maxx to an additional 7 markets in 2015: Charlotte, Dallas, Hawaii, Kansas City, Raleigh, San Antonio and San Diego. That means that, by the end of next year, all the benefits of Maxx, including 300 megabits per second HSD speeds and more advanced All Digital video, will be available to roughly 6 million TWC customers. Our customer experience enhancements are not limited to the Maxx markets. We've continued to invest across our footprint to make our network more reliable. We're tracking the impact of these investments by closely monitoring trends in trouble calls per customer relationship. We were very pleased that in June, trouble calls per CR were 10% lower than a year ago, and we think there's still more opportunity here. Customer service keeps getting better as well. We've committed to 1-hour appointment windows in all of our systems, and impressively, in June, our techs arrived at 96.5% of those appointments on time, a meaningful improvement over the last year, even though appointment windows were, in some cases, much longer last year. We're also doing much better at solving customers' issues the first time, whether that's on the first call to a care agent or the first visit from a tech, and this progress in reliability in service is translating to improvements in customer satisfaction. In addition, our product teams continue to deliver innovative solutions to our customers, and our customers seem to be taking notice. Our cloud-based guide is now deployed to approximately 6 million set-top boxes. That's about 40% of our total base of boxes. The customer feedback has been terrific since we first began putting the new guide into customers' homes, but we're now seeing the first signs that the new UI is actually impacting the way customers engage with our video product. Customers with the guide are using VOD more than those with the legacy UI. That's consistent with our initial hypothesis and very encouraging. We're also continuing to expand our WiFi network and make it easier for our customers to locate and sign on to hotspots. As a result, usage has skyrocketed. Unique WiFi users and data consumption in June were more than triple that of the year earlier, and we continued to see a very strong correlation between usage and lower churn. Customer use of our industry-leading IP video app is also expanding rapidly. The TWC TV App was used more than 9 million times in the month of June. That's a 70% increase from a year earlier. More than 1/4 of our subs in New York City surveyed during Q2 said they had used the app in the last 30 days. And significantly, we're beginning to see evidence that it's contributing to improved customer satisfaction. Customers using the app report materially higher satisfaction with TWC's video product than those who don't. These results make us even more enthusiastic about broadening the reach of TWC TV. And just yesterday, we launched our eighth TWC TV platform, Fan TV. Business services logged yet another very strong quarter. Robust organic growth was supplemented by the results of DukeNet, which we acquired at the end of last year, and is well on the road to being fully integrated into our operations. Our strategy of adding buildings and cell towers to our network, growing our sales force and driving improved sales rep productivity is bearing fruit. As a result, we recorded our highest quarterly sales volume ever in Q2. Artie will get into all this in more detail. We're also optimistic about our advertising business as we head into the second half. Political advertising already had an impact on Q2 results and should fuel accelerated growth in Qs 3 and 4. And before closing, a word on SportsNet LA. First, I have to say that the network looks great and our customers are really enjoying it. However, as most of you know, we haven't signed any distribution deals since the start of the season. Earlier this week, various members of Congress called on us to enter into binding arbitration. While we generally prefer to reach agreements through private business negotiations, given the current circumstances, we are willing to agree to binding arbitration to expeditiously bring Dodgers games to all fans. Artie will walk you through how you should be thinking about the impact of the Dodgers on your models for 2014. So overall, I'm very pleased with the quarter, and we're poised for a strong second half. In the meantime, we continue to plan for the closing of our merger with Comcast. The teams continue to work extremely well together, and we remain very enthusiastic about what the combination will bring -- what that combination will bring to our customers and other stakeholders. So with that as an overview, let me ask Artie to briefly cover the key takeaways from our second quarter results. Artie?
Arthur T. Minson: Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. As Rob indicated, we continued to perform well in Q2. We posted our strongest second quarter subscriber metrics in years, and we performed right in line with our previously announced financial expectations for Q2, with very strong sequential growth in revenue and adjusted OIBDA. Let me walk you through the Q2 highlights, starting with our subscriber performance, which was strong despite the typical second quarter headwinds. On the residential side, we lost 34,000 customer relationships in Q2, which is the lowest decline in residential CRs in a Q2 in 5 years. In business services, we added 21,000 CRs, the best quarterly CR performance ever for business services. The Q2 residential CR performance was driven by across-the-board sales channel improvements in connects, with churn essentially flat year-over-year. The flat churn is particularly impressive, considering that this year, all customers eligible for a rate increase received their increase in early Q2, so the investments we have made in retention in the last year continue to bear fruit. Residential video net declines at 152,000 was still higher than we'd like, but represent the best for a second quarter in 3 years. Bundling performance was strong. Residential Triple Play net adds at 42,000 put us at 124,000 Triple Play net adds year-to-date through June. This is a dramatic improvement from last year when he had lost over 100,000 Triple Play subs in the first 6 months of 2013. The improvement in Triple Play trends was driven by much stronger Triple Play connect volume and significant improvements in upgrading doubles to triples, as well as lower churn. You'll recall that we have spent a lot of energy over the last few years in-sourcing our phone operations. And as a result, we've reduced our phone costs under $4.50 per line per month. The improvements in our cost structure has enabled us to aggressively bundle phone in doubles and triples for as little as $10 while growing our gross profit per phone subscriber. The result was 79,000 phone net adds, the best Q2 phone performance in 5 years. This was also the second -- this was also the best second quarter for HSD in 4 years, with 67,000 net adds. The positive mix shift in HSD continued as connects to each of our 3 higher-speed tiers accelerated compared to last year's second quarter. Tier upgrades among existing customers also were very strong. And together, our 3 highest speed tiers now comprise 34% of our HSD customers, up from 26% a year ago as we continued to upsell existing HSD customers. And close to 40% of our new HSD connects are to our Turbo and above tiers. We are also very pleased with our Everyday Low Price $14.99 Lite HSD tier, which is designed for more price-sensitive customers. It again accounted for approximately 15% of new Internet connects in the second quarter, making this a very effective tool for taking customers from DSL, and now accounts for approximately 4% of our HSD base. Residential net adds in July were better than last July and looked a lot like July 2012, and keep in mind that subscriber activity in Q3 is typically back-end loaded. With that, let's move on to Q2 financial results. I know year-over-year comparisons have been normal standard for tracking financial trends, and our year-over-year revenue growth in Q2 was solid at a little over 3%. But given our subscriber weakness last year, I don't think year-over-year comparisons tell the full story. This quarter, sequential trends were quite strong, with total sequential revenue growth of $144 million, which is the best organic sequential growth since 2007. The sequential improvement in residential services revenue of $94 million was driven by a healthy mix of rate and volume as a result of both the strong subscriber performance we saw in Q1 and $1.53 sequential increase in residential ARPU, with the increase in ARPU principally a result of the unified rate increases we implemented this quarter. In business services, revenue increased $126 million year-over-year in Q2. Organic growth, excluding our year-end 2013 DukeNet acquisition, was $97 million. One of Phil Meeks' key initiatives is beginning to pay off, as sales rep productivity increased 15% sequentially and 20% year-over-year. We now have a pretty significant backlog of sold, but not yet installed business, which bodes well for future revenue. The business services team is very focused on streamlining the installation process, both to be more responsive to customer demand and to capture the revenue sooner. On the product side, high-speed data contributed roughly half of Q2 revenue growth. We connected almost 23,000 buildings to our network in Q2, bringing total buildings on net to approximately 900,000. And we expanded our serviceable market by more than, $400 million per year, bringing the total serviceable telecom revenue opportunity on net to almost $14 billion, meaning, that we are currently serving a little over 15% of our on-net telecom revenue opportunity. Other operations revenue grew 8% in Q2. Media sales revenue increased 5%, primarily due to growth in political advertising revenue. We expect ad revenue growth to accelerate in the back half of the year as political advertising kicks in. Other revenue increased primarily due to affiliate fees from our residential services segment for carriage of the Dodgers RSN. Second quarter adjusted OIBDA of $2.05 billion was spot-on our public comments at an investor conference in May. Again, I will focus our sequential trends, where we converted over half of the incremental revenue from Q1 to Q2 into adjusted OIBDA, despite the launch of the Dodgers network. On a year-over-year basis, operating expenses were up $159 million or 4.5%, with total programming and content costs up $107 million or 8.7%, with the biggest driver of the increase being Dodgers costs. Programming cost per residential sub, including an intercompany charge for a market rate Dodgers deal, increased 10.8%. I will also point out that over the last year, that we have invested more in sales, marketing, retention and care. These are important investments that have allowed us to drive the improvements in operating metrics that Rob noted in his remarks. These improvements in operating metrics are already beginning to translate into improved customer satisfaction scores, which should lead to improved revenue trends over time. To help fund these customer-facing investments, we did continue to manage shared services costs closely. In Q2, they were roughly flat year-over-year, excluding merger-related and restructuring costs. We remain very focused on identifying ways to operate more efficiently. Rob updated you on the Dodgers situation. And while we continue to work hard to engage with other distributors of that carriage for the Dodgers network, my recommendation for modeling purposes is to assume we do not sign additional affiliate agreements for the Dodgers network this year. So on a full year basis, and including lost advertising revenue, I expect SportsNet LA to cost us around 50 basis points of revenue growth and 125 basis points of adjusted OIBDA growth. To put a finer point on it, our initial guidance, including the benefit of Dodgers distribution, was 4% to 5% revenue growth and 5% to 6% adjusted OIBDA growth. Adjusting for the lack of Dodgers network carriage on growth would have reduced the original range of guidance for revenue and adjusted OIBDA growth to 3.5% to 4.5% and 3.75% to 4.75%, respectively. My current expectation is we'll be at the low end of the pro forma range for both revenue and adjusted OIBDA growth. As compared to the original guidance, we are getting more of our revenue growth from volume as opposed to rate, which is consistent with our long-term strategy. And as discussed, we have increased our investments in areas such as tech ops, care and Maxx. I expect we'll see the typical sequential trend in adjusted OIBDA from Q2 to Q3, so total company adjusted OIBDA growth will be meaningfully weighted towards Q4, which benefits from political advertising, easier year-over-year comparisons in Q4 as a result of last year's Q3 and Q4 subscriber losses and the absence of Dodgers rights fees in Q4, which was -- has been a drag on growth in Q2 and Q3 this year. Adjusted diluted EPS was very strong at $1.89, up 12%. It's worth noting that as a result of the suspension of our share repurchase program when we announced the Comcast transaction on February 13, share count reduction had a smaller impact on EPS growth in Q2 and will continue to have a lesser effect going forward. Free cash flow was $459 million for the quarter, a $273 million decrease from the prior year period, primarily due to higher capital spending. Let me tell you what we're doing here. As you'll recall, the 3-year plan we outlined on our fourth quarter call contemplated the rollout of TWC Maxx in 2 cities this year: New York City and L.A. Our progress in these cities has been very good. As a result, as Rob indicated, we now plan on pulling forward a third TWC Maxx city this year, Austin, Texas, where network hardening and the rollout of much higher HSD speeds are already underway and the digital conversion is about to begin. In addition, subscriber volumes have been strong, and we have accelerated the replacement of older set-tops in many cities, contributing to a better customer experience. As a result, we now expect to spend an additional $250 million this year in CapEx for a total of just under $4 billion. These investments will benefit Comcast when we close. And in the unlikely event we don't close, we will be stronger for having accelerated this capital deployment. As a result of the new IRS regulations that allow us to take an immediate tax deduction for de minimis expenses, the $250 million of gross increase in CapEx will cost us approximately $150 million on an after-tax basis in 2014. We currently are targeting around $2.5 billion of free cash flow in 2014, close to last year's free cash flow despite the increase in CapEx. On the balance sheet side. We had approximately $24.2 billion of net debt at the end of the quarter for a leverage ratio of approximately 3x, which is down a little from last quarter. We will continue to delever between now and closing as a result of the suspension of our stock buyback program. As we've previously noted, we plan to continue to pay our $3 annual dividend between signing and closing. So I know I walked you through a lot, but we're now a couple of quarters into our operating plan, and I'm really pleased with our results and our momentum. And I'm excited that we've been able to accelerate the pace of investment, which will position us very well in the future. With that, let me turn it back over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Artie. We're ready now to begin the Q&A portion of the call. First question, please?
Operator: Our first question comes from John Hodulik of UBS.
Lisa L. Friedman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's Lisa Friedman for John. I just wanted to ask about the strength in the subscriber metrics this quarter. Was this really bringing in more new subs? And are you seeing less telco or satellite competition? Or was this more on the retention side? Or was it some of both?
Robert D. Marcus: Lisa, this is Rob. So the most part of the strength we saw year-over-year in subscriber performance this quarter was on the gross adds side. We had strength really across all of our sales channels. And churn or disconnect volume was more or less flat in the quarter, which was actually, from our perspective, a positive story, given that we did do our rate increase at the beginning of the quarter, and we were still able to hold churn flat. So that's essentially what's going on.
Operator: Our next question is from Tom Eagan of Telsey.
Thomas William Eagan - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: I was hoping you could give us a little bit of a breakdown on the operations by market or by competitor. So for example, in L.A., have you seen satellite customers move to TWC to get the sports channel? And then against Verizon's FiOS, their video adds were certainly an improvement quarter-over-quarter. Have you seen anything in your markets there?
Robert D. Marcus: Tom, let me try to address the 2 specific markets that you referred to. It's always hard to attribute subscriber performance to any one factor, but it is the case that our Pac west market, which includes L.A., did perform the best of all of our markets on a year-over-year basis in video. So to the extent one correlates that with the availability of SportsNet LA, I guess you can make that connection. I would hesitate to be too firm about that connection. The -- in terms of FiOS markets in New York City in particular, good news story here, and it's been one that's -- we've reported on for a couple of few quarters now, which is that our churn in FiOS markets actually declined year-over-year in Q2. So we're handling the competition very well.
Operator: Next question comes from James Ratcliffe of Buckingham Research Group.
James M. Ratcliffe - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Following up on the Dodgers a little bit. Can you give us any color on what the arbitration structure is likely to look like? Would it be just price or could an arbitrator set up specific structures such as -- essentially on an a la carte basis? And would it be, I guess, baseball-style arbitration where you both make an offer and decide between the 2? Or would the arbitrator be able to choose the midpoint? And secondly, based on that arbitration results, if those come in differently than your current internal charge, will that mean that the internal charge for Dodgers would be adjusted within TWC?
Robert D. Marcus: James, the reality is on all of those questions, it's a little premature to speculate. We only first got the request from various members of Congress to submit to arbitration earlier this week, and we've simply agreed to the concept in the interest of getting Dodgers games to fans as soon as possible. The actual process, the details of who would arbitrate and what elements of the contract they'd arbitrate I think remain to be seen. The key point right now is it takes 2 parties to actually have an arbitration. And so far, none of the other distributors have expressed a willingness to do what it takes to get the games to fans quickly. So I think it's all a little premature to talk about.
James M. Ratcliffe - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Great. Just one on the gross adds strengths in the quarter. Do you think this is taking share? Or are you seeing overall improvement year-on-year in sort of the addressable market?
Robert D. Marcus: I think it's clear that we continue to take share in the HSD market. I assume, although, honestly, I have not seen recent stats, that the market does continue to grow, though, in addition to that, on the HSD side. Video market, we know what the story is there. I think there's no new news continuation of previous trends.
Operator: Next question comes from Mike McCormack of Jefferies.
Scott Goldman - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: It's Scott Goldman on for Mike. I guess a couple of questions. One, I wonder if you could give us a little bit more detail around what you guys are seeing in the Maxx markets. Obviously, you decided to accelerate Austin. So clearly, you're seeing some real benefits in those markets. Maybe some information on usage or monetization of VOD and that type of stuff in those markets. And then, secondly, maybe if you can just give us a little refresher just on the rate increases you did take, sort of what percentage of the base received those and what the size of that rate looked like in -- that we should pull through into 3Q?
Robert D. Marcus: Okay. Scott, let me start on the Maxx markets and then Artie will do the rate increases. The reality is it's a little early to make much of customer feedback on the Maxx benefits. When we say we're pleased with the way the process is going, we're really pleased with the process by which we're effectuating the All Digital conversion and the process of upgrading speeds. It's much more of an internal operational measurement that we're looking at than it is a customer satisfaction measurement. We have every confidence that the changes we're making in the Maxx markets will, in fact, ultimately lead to customer satisfaction improvements. But it's just we -- the sample size is too small. And the period of time that customers have been enjoying the new benefits is too short to draw really conclusive data at this point.
Arthur T. Minson: And Scott, on the rate increases, let me give you some additional background. What we did this year is we went to what we called a unified rate increase strategy. So rather than have a rate increase for video up 1 point and maybe later in the year, have an HSD increase, we went on a customer basis. Meaning, we went to singles, doubles and triples, and they got one increase for the year. So I think, as we've referenced in our remarks, we're really pleased that the overall churn was essentially flat, despite really hitting what was on the rate increases was about -- to about 1/3 of our base, got the rate increases. We did do an equipment charge -- a small equipment charge to about another 1/3 of the base. So all-in, about 2/3 of the base was hit. As far as your question as to what that will do for the rest of the year, it pretty much had a full quarter impact in Q2. So there's not an incremental pickup in Q3 because we had a full quarter impact in Q2.
Operator: Next question is from Marci Ryvicker of Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: With the FOX and Time Warner Inc. news out there, it feels like there's going to be some consolidation in content, at least at some point in time. I don't know if you've thought about how that impacts the distributors, if at all. That's my first question. And secondly, we read somewhere that there were some comments coming out of, Rob, I think, about potentially a delayed closing for the Comcast transaction, just basically due to all the other things that are in front of the regulatory agents. I don't know if you want to comment on that on this call
Robert D. Marcus: Sure. Let me take the second one first. I, from time to time, communicate with our employees via a blog. And in that blog, I recently talked about the process for gaining approvals for the merger with Comcast. And what I said, which I think was taken somewhat out of context, was that given the transactions that have already been announced, given the net neutrality, NPRM, and given the pending spectrum auction, as well as any other transactions that might occur that have been speculated about, there's an awful lot on the FCC's plate. And while some could argue that, that might put a strain on their resources, we're still planning for a closing at the end of the year subject to obtaining all those approvals. So I don't really have anything more to add to the timing than has been previously said by Comcast. That was just sort of something taken out of context in the communication I made to employees. And I think that's a reasonable assessment. There's an awful lot of work for the FCC to do, and they've got a finite amount of resources. With respect to FOX and Time Warner, both of those companies are tremendous companies. I don't mean in size, but tremendous in terms of capability today. They deliver great content, and they're already strong and we know what that meant for programming costs for distributors. I really don't anticipate that changing with any consolidation that might occur. I think the trends are what they are, and that's probably all that it's reasonable to say.
Operator: Next question is Matthew Harrigan of Wunderlich Securities.
Matthew J. Harrigan - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: I was curious if you could comment on how robust your network would be, both in the Maxx markets and the non-Maxx markets for 4K when that finally takes off, particularly for sports when you have to do compression on a real-time basis, and it's pretty demanding. And then secondly, when you look at the transition in the Maxx markets, do you think you're going to get a lot of benefits from reduced customer transactions and ultimately, you know cost savings, as well as improving your unit performance?
Robert D. Marcus: So let me first comment on the robustness of the network for future products, and then I'll ask Dinni to talk about the potential for reduced transactions. We feel very good about the state of our network and all of the efforts we're making to roll out Maxx, we think, set ourselves up for DOCSIS 3.1, which could deliver even much faster Internet speeds than we're delivering via the Maxx program, when that technology becomes available over the next couple of years. We're clear in spectrum, which is positive for all products. So the bottom line is, whether it's the delivery of 4K video or the delivery of faster Internet speeds, we feel like our network has the capability to grow with customer demand. So I feel very good about the state of the plan. The -- in fact, the network investments we're making to deploy Maxx are actually precursors to what it would take to roll out DOCSIS 3.1 down the road. So again, we feel very good about the state of the plan. Dinni?
Dinesh C. Jain: Yes. Matthew, I'm not sure I fully understand what you mean by reduction of transactions. But I think one thing that happens when you're able to increase the quality of the products that you're offering, speed, for instance, or put in multi-tuner DVRs -- the more that you're able to give your customers, the less you tend to hear from them. So I think that we would believe that the number of times customers would call in, for instance, would go down, the more that we roll Maxx out. I'm not sure that's what you meant, though, by your question.
Matthew J. Harrigan - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: That's what exactly what I meant. Sorry if it was unclear.
Operator: Next question is Tuna Amobi of S&P Capital IQ.
Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Capital IQ Equity Research: So, Rob, I was wondering if you can give us an update on your cloud initiatives, cloud DVR, I think. I think Comcast seems to be pretty well ahead on that. I know you guys have some plans in the second half. Have you started to see any impacts on -- from that product in the markets that you've launched it already? And if so, can you also help us to kind of quantify that to the extent that you can?
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. Tuna, I actually hit this in my prepared remarks, but I'll say it again. We've rolled out our first-generation cloud-based guide to now 6 million set-top boxes. And I think from the very first days that we rolled it out, the feedback was very, very positive. The great news that we experienced this quarter is that it's actually now starting to impact VOD usage, which is one of the things we expected to occur because of the much more user-friendly VOD portal that's part of that guide. And the benefits we're seeing are particularly on the free on-demand site, but the idea that customers have an easier time finding the stuff that's in our VOD library is very encouraging. And when you couple that with plans we have during the course of this year to expand the VOD library to as much as 75,000 hours of content, I think you see sort of a great confluence of capabilities. The bigger library and the better navigation capability is bound to make whatever we're seeing now kind of supercharged for a better overall experience. So all very, very positive. Now in terms of the development of the second-generation cloud-based guide, that continues to be in beta. The feedback is positive, and it's something that we'll see in front of customers at the end of this year and in front of a significant number of customers during the course of next year.
Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Capital IQ Equity Research: Okay, that's very helpful. Separately, I have to ask you, Rob, really quick. What's your preliminary reaction in the Supreme Court decision on Aereo? I mean, does that play into your overall long-term kind of view of how the cable industry is positioned?
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. The truth of the matter is that I don't think it significantly impacts anything in our strategic plan or our product roadmaps. The one thing that I will say is, separate apart from the specific Aereo product, we were closely watching the case to see if it provided any greater clarity on the legality of remote storage DVRs, of cloud-based DVRs. And we didn't really get much in the way of incremental clarity there. So I think the answer is not much of an impact, no.
Operator: Our last question comes from Frank Louthan of Raymond James.
Frank G. Louthan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: You talked a little bit about success of the app you have. How are you marketing that? And then what has Comcast said about the success of that platform? Is it something that they're taking a look at as well to continue?
Robert D. Marcus: Frank, the app is something that we're communicating with our customers about on a regular basis. And based on the increases in usage we've seen over the time that the apps have been out there, I think awareness is growing. And the great news is that satisfaction with our video product is improving as well as a result of that greater usage and greater awareness. So we're going to continue to broaden the number of platforms that the app is available on and increase the amount of content that's available via the apps. And we're believers, and it's hard for me to comment on exactly what Comcast's plans are. But I -- if you view their IP video products, I think we're more or less on the same page. I'd argue that, at this point, ours is a more robust offering, but I think we're philosophically aligned on this.
Frank G. Louthan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Can you give us sort of any color on sort of the capital savings or potential overall SAC [ph] impact from these kind of products versus the traditional set-tops?
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. At this point, we're still looking at this as a complementary offering in addition to set-top box in the home to give the customer more flexibility. Over time, we've talked about this before, it's conceivable that we'll have substitution of leased set-top boxes with customer-owned IP-enabled devices. And I still think that that's true, but it's hard to know exactly how much capital we'll save over time as a result of that. This is really more about responding to customer demand and driving customer satisfaction than it is about saving capital, although it may actually benefit the economics of the business as well. I think that's the last question. So I'm just going to take a couple of seconds to wrap up. I feel very good about the quarter. We've made great strides in improving the health of our operations. Subs were strong, ARPU growth accelerated and we're doing really great things to improve the customer experience. And the Comcast integration process is going very smoothly, and we continue to be very excited about the combination of our 2 companies. So I think that's all we have for you this quarter. Thanks for joining us, and we'll speak to you again later in the year.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Rob, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. To give you a little advanced notice, Time Warner Cable's next quarterly conference call, which will reflect our third quarter 2014 results, will be held on Thursday, October 30, 2014, at 8:30 a.m. Eastern time. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tom Robey - SVP of Investor Relations Robert Marcus - CEO Arthur Minson - CFO Dinesh Jain - COO
Analysts: Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Brandon Ross - BTIG Craig Moffett - MoffettNathanson Tuna Amobi - S&P Amy Yong - Macquarie Capital Tom Egan - Telsey Advisors Vijay Jayant - International Strategy & Investment Group Alex Sklar - Raymond James James Ratcliffe - Buckingham Research 
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Time Warner Cable First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions) Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now, I will turn the call over to Mr. Tom Robey, Senior Vice President of Time Warner Cable, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Candy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Time Warner Cable's 2014 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call.  This morning, we issued a press release detailing our 2014 first quarter results. Before we begin, there are several items I need to cover. First, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures. Definitions and schedules setting out reconciliations of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release and trending schedules. Second, today's conference call includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements herein due to various factors, which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Time Warner Cable is under no obligation to and, in fact, expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Third, the quarterly growth rates disclosed in this presentation are on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise noted as sequential. Fourth, today's press release, trending schedules and presentation slides are available on our website at twc.com/investors. And finally, following prepared comments by CEO, Rob Marcus, and CFO, Artie Minson; Rob, Artie and our COO, Dinnie Jain will be available to answer your questions. With that covered, I'll thank you, and turn the call over to Rob. Rob?
Robert Marcus: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. Let me start by saying that I'm very pleased with our performance this quarter, and I'm exceptionally proud of the professionalism and commitment exhibited by the Time Warner Cable team since the announcement of our merger with Comcast. As we worked to secure government approvals and plan for the successful integration of TWC with Comcast, our entire team has remained laser-focused on executing the operating plan we established the end of last year. The priorities we outlined on our fourth quarter call are no less relevant today than they were before we agreed to merge with Comcast. And we've not taken our eye off the ball as a result of the announcement. As we entered 2014, we committed to revitalizing our residential business, and our residential team, lead by Jeff Hirsch and John Keib is making great progress. In Q1, we delivered on our promise to drive stronger subscriber trends. In fact, this quarter marked our best subscriber performance in the last five years. Driven by solid connect volumes and a dramatic improvement in churn, we added 148,000 residential customer relationships in Q1, a significant step toward our aspirational goal of adding a million residential customers by the end of 2016. Residential triple play, HSD and voice net adds were all very strong, and our video net loss of only 34,000 subs was as good as we've seen in quite some time. And we are well on our way to achieving our challenge of winning back half a million DSL customers from the Telcos by April of next year. The bottom line is that the foundational work we did last year to enhance our subscriber acquisition and retention capabilities is bearing fruit. We also committed to significantly improving reliability by investing in our network and meaningfully enhancing customer service, and we are making amazing strives here. Plant health is improving with more than 94% of nodes meeting or exceeding optimal performance specs. Improved plan reliability coupled with enhanced troubleshooting and a focus on workmanship has driven double-digit declines in rework and trouble calls versus last year's first quarter. In addition, service levels in our call center are up, and on-time performance continues to climb, which is particularly impressive, given that we now have industry-leading one-hour appointment windows available throughout our footprints. The net effect of these efforts is that we're already seeing improvements in customer satisfaction scores. At the same time, we're differentiating our products in ways that matter to our customers. We deployed our cloud-based guide on a million more set-top boxes during the quarter. It's now on 4.3 million set-tops, and we intend to hit 6 million set-tops in the coming months. We're continuing to improve the TWC TV IP video experience as well. Just this week, we announced that our TWC TV app will be available on the Fan TV platform, further demonstrating our commitment to delivering the content that our customers love through new and innovative devices. Also, over the last week, we also announced HotSpot 2.0, which will make our ever expanding WiFi network more secure and even easier to use. And our phone product is getting better too. Starting in March, phone customers can now make unlimited calls to Mexico at no incremental charge. I'm very excited about TWC Max, which is often running in New York City and Los Angeles. We are now 100% digital in New York City, and we have begun the process of going all digital in L.A. And some customers in those cities are already enjoying HSD speed increases to 50 megabits per second for standard care customers, and as much as 300 megabits per second for higher end subscribers. I'm really excited about all we're doing to improve the residential customer experience. We're also committed to building on our success and business services, and we are doing just that. Phil Meek's team drove overall business services' revenue growth of almost 25% in the first quarter, including our recent DukeNet acquisition. Our ongoing standardization of business processes is starting to yield greater sales rep productivity, which along with adding sales staff and connecting more buildings and cell towers to our network should drive continued growth and set us up to achieve our target of $5 billion in annual revenue by 2018. Finally, Joan Gillman's media sales team is off to a strong start this year, and we're looking forward to capitalizing on the election year political advertising opportunity. So, overall, our first quarter operational strength reinforces our confidence that by the time we close our deal with Comcast, TWC will be in the best shape ever. As for the deal itself, we remain very excited about the combination of Time Warner Cable with Comcast. The regulatory approval process is going very much as planned and the integration planning process is going even better than expected. The chemistry between the teams is great, and the important work we are doing now will enable us to hit the ground running when the deal closes, which we expect will be around year end. So with as an overview, let me ask Artie to briefly cover the key takeaways from our first quarter results. Artie?
Arthur Minson: Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. Let me start by echoing Rob's remarks that we are off to a great start to the year. Our subscriber trends are the strongest they've been in years, and we are on track for all aspects of our 2014 financial guidance. Let me walk you through the key Q1 highlights. I'll start with residential subscriber performance. We are reaping the benefits from the 2013 initiatives that we invested in. And as a result, we are seeing improvements in churn and connect volumes. Our first quarter overall residential subscriber performance driven by the 148,000 customer relationship net adds was the best in five years, particularly noteworthy is the fact that we drove a dramatic improvement in bundling performance. We added 82,000 triple play and 31,000 double play subscribers. The net add trends for video and HSD were also the best in at least five years, and we were very pleased with the fact that phone net adds were back above 100,000 for the quarter. In HSD, we are particularly pleased with our ongoing segmentation efforts; 40% of HSD connects to turbo and above in Q1 and turbo and above customers now comprise 32% of our HSD subscriber base, up from 24.5% this time last year. We're also very encouraged by our efforts to take share among more price sensitive customers. Our everyday low price HSD tier accounted for 15% of new Internet connection in the first quarter, helping us to take customers from DSL. Since Rob put out the challenge to convert 500,000 DSL subs to our HSD platform, we have added over 300,000 HSD subscribers, largely from DSL, putting us well ahead of pace of Rob's goal. On the video side, our ultimate goal is to get back to video subscriber growth, and we are very focused on achieving that goal. With that target in mind, we were able to deliver improved performance during each month of the quarter. Video losses declined from January to February, and in the month of March, we added video customers. I noted above that we saw great results in bundling this quarter, and that positively impacted our phone results. For example, not only did we add triple plays, but the number of HSD voice net adds tripled from last year's first quarter to approximately 30,000. So, across the board on subscribers, we saw strong results in Q1. I'm also pleased to report that even though we're in the middle of our rate increases and heading into the seasonally slower time of year, our strong momentum has continued into April. So far in April, our net adds are higher than last year on a customer relationship basis, and 80,000 higher than last year on a PSU basis. On the rate side of the equation, I'm pleased with our results, particularly in light of increased connect trends as new connect trends have come in at lower ARPU than the average of the base. Residential ARPU per customer relationship increased 0.6% from the prior quarter to $105.45. In total dollars, we saw year-over-year improvement in MRR from new connects and customers adding a PSU, and reductions in MRR loss to disconnect and those customers dropping a PSU. We also expect that ARPU per customer relationship will continue to improve as we move throughout the year as a result of our annual rate increases and the continued rollout of our new pricing architecture, which is now penetrated at approximately 50% of our residential customer base. In business services, we delivered our 11th consecutive quarter of over 100 million of revenue growth. Our sales performance is strong across all product lines, and we are also making really good progress on operating more efficiently and effectively. For example, as compared to a year ago, productivity per sales rep is up 7%, and customer relationship churn is down over 20%. We continue to invest organically in the business as we added over 12,000 buildings to our network in Q1. And these buildings increase our annual revenue opportunity by approximately 200 million. Cell tower backhaul also continues to be an area of strong growth. At quarter-end, we had over 14,000 towers generating revenue and a healthy backlog as a result of some recent contract wins. We also closed the DukeNet acquisition at the end of the year, which contributed 29 million to overall revenue growth in the first quarter. In media sales, revenue grew 8% as we are benefiting from third-party rep deals and political advertising and a strong automotive market. We expect ad revenue growth to accelerate in the back half of the year due to strong political advertising performance. Turning to the income statement, I want to take a minute to talk about two changes to our basis of presentation. Both of which make our financial disclosures more closely reflect the way that we are now managing and analyzing the business. First, we're reporting on multiple segments, residential services, business services and other operations as well as shared functions. And second, we are no longer disclosing cost of revenue and SG&A. Instead, we disclosed expenses by functional areas including programming and content, sales and marketing, technical operations, customer care and other operating costs. Before I move on, I want to make clear that our shared functions is a somewhat broader category and similar categories reported by our peers. Our shared services include traditional corporate support functions such as finance, HR and legal, as well as areas whose costs are shared across our business units such as facilities, network operations, supply chain, billing and collections and IT. With that, let's move on to our Q1 financial results. Total revenue growth of 2% was driven mostly by business services. As I noted at recent investor conferences, residential and overall revenue growth was impacted in the quarter by subscriber weakness in the second half of last year. We expect revenue growth to accelerate during the year as we benefit from our strong Q1 residential subscriber trends and rate increases, continued strong growth in business services and political advertising in the back half of the year. I am pleased that we saw operating leverage in the quarter with adjusted EBITDA growth of 3.6% resulting in 60 basis points in margin expansion. I am particularly pleased that we are able to achieve this level of margin expansion at the same time we were investing in the business. During Q1, we invested more in sales, marketing, retention and care. We made these investments while still holding our operating expense growth to just 1.1%. As expenses benefited from the insourcing of our residential voice product, lower pension cost and operating efficiencies we have gained over the last year as a result of our One TWC initiatives. Excluding merger-related and restructuring costs, shared service costs were down over 1% yea-over-year. We remain very focused on identifying ways to operate more efficiently and I am pleased with our progress in this area. Operating income growth of 3% was negatively impacted during the quarter by $49 million year-over-year increase in merger-related and restructuring cost. The increase in merger-related expenses was partially offset by reduction of restructuring cost as we are getting towards the end of our One TWC restructuring. Excluding these costs, operating income would have increased 7.4% from Q1 2013. Adjusted diluted EPS growth was very strong and up 26% to $1.78. The growth came from 19% adjusted net income growth, and 6% reduction in average diluted shares outstanding. Recall that we suspended our share repurchase program when we announced the Comcast transaction on February 13th. So you should assume that we will make no more repurchases during this year. Before moving on, I just wanted to point out that reported EPS did benefit this quarter from a lower effective tax rate due in part to the re-measurement of certain deferred tax liabilities related to a New York State tax law change. Free cash flow was 629 million for the quarter, a $32 million decrease from the prior year period. Excluding a 29 million year-over-year increase in cash payments related to merger and restructuring activities, free cash flow was flat year-over-year despite a $64 million increase in capital expenditures. On the residential side, increased CapEx was driven by higher CPE from modems and DTAs that's related to the rollout of TWC Max, an incremental support capital due to investments in our national datacenters. In business services, most of the growth was driven by line extensions. On the balance sheet side, we had approximately 24.3 billion of net debt for a leverage ratio of just over three times. As we previously noted, we will continue to pay our $3 annual dividend between signing and closing, and with our stock buyback suspended we will naturally delever between now and closing. With that let me turn it back over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Artie. Candy, we are ready to begin the Q&A portion of the conference call. We would ask each caller to ask a single question, so that we can accommodate as many callers as time permits. First question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Jessica Reif Cohen of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: So, on the SME margins, this 60% pre-shared services; I mean the margin seem very high. Can you just talk about, give us some color on -- can you scale further and how will entering the enterprise business affect these margins? And because we don't know the shared services, you know how much of the shared service is part of SME? Is there any way you can give us some color on the shared functions? How much of that is corporate and how much of it is facilities?
Arthur Minson: Hi, Jessica, this is Artie. Let me help you out with those. With respect to the margins on business services, you rightfully point out that the operating margins tend to be very strong. That has a lot to do with frankly the mix shift that's in there. You will see it's very HSD-centric in the products. And as you know we completed our (indiscernible) phone migration this quarter and that did also benefit business services. As that business continues to drive in a mix shit towards more HSD like services, I think there continues to be really strong overall profit trends and margin trends in the business. As it relates to the $2.8 billion of shared services, we are probably not going to break it out much further. I will give you a little bit more color, and there is some good disclosure in the queue around it as well, but it does include some items, for example, things like facilities, things like IT, things like technical operations that do support multiple lines of business. So it isn't obviously just finance and legal. It has broader overall operating support functions in there as well.
Robert Marcus: So Jessica, this is Rob. One additional item of color, we had somewhere just north of 30% growth in our wholesale transport business including cell backhaul, and that also adds to the positive margin effect just based on mix. So it just gives you a little bit more sense.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you so much.
Tom Robey: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thanks, good morning. You guys laid out your new plan not that long ago, and you are seeing some pretty rapid results. So I was curious if you could just help us with how much of the strong subscriber growth this quarter came from churn versus sort of connected marketing activity? I know this marketing was up year-over-year, and also the timing of price increases you mentioned that are happening now in Q2. So is there an expectation that some of the momentum shift a bit out in the second quarter because of the difference in timing of price increases? And along the lines of marketing, Artie, you mentioned the expense growth was really modest this quarter despite stepping on the gas and marketing. Is that something that you can continue to help sort of grow marketing while maintaining your profitability as you look at sort of efficiencies this year?
Arthur Minson: I can deal with the marketing first, and then I will turn it over to Dinnie. On the marketing front what I would just point out, Ben, is that this returns us to almost a more normalized level marketing. I think part of the growth is a function of Q1 last year. It was a little bit late. The second item I would just point out is that increase in marketing obviously wasn't just on the residential acquisition side; it was also driving business services. It also included a healthy increase in our investment and retention marketing. And Dinnie, I will turn it over to Dinnie and he will talk a little bit about how that had an impact on churn.
Dinesh Jain: Yeah. Hi, Ben, this is Dinnie.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Hi, Dinnie.
Dinesh Jain: I think that looking at our sub-performance, it was driven about two thirds by churn reduction and about one third in improvement in connect. A lot of that churn reduction came from the back-end processes that we talked about in the last quarter call in retention and our retention efforts. I think that both -- improvements in both areas are sustainable throughout the year. As Artie said in his comments, in the second quarter that's a seasonally weak quarter for us typically, and also this year as you pointed out we are doing our rate increases in the second quarter, so second quarter won't look the same as the first quarter. But I think that year-over-year we are already seeing improvement as Artie mentioned in April.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Dinnie, is there a marked difference in connects and the Max versus non-Max markets yet or still too early?
Dinesh Jain: It's still way too early. I mean we are launching Max in New York and L.A. at the end of the year. So we won't be able to give you anything meaningful in terms of differences between performance until late in the year, if not in the next year.
Robert Marcus: Just the level set on Max, so we have now actually effectuated speed increases in four hubs, two hubs in each of Los Angeles and New York City; the number of customers affected by that are in the low tens of thousands, so we are still in the very early stages and we don't expect to see meaningful retention benefits until much later.
Arthur Minson: And Ben, the only thing I would add to is we talked a little bit about how the connect trends have been better, the disconnect trends have been better. What's also been better and which helped the overall PSU net add trend which I talked about April-over-April is having existing subs add a unit. So that's also been an area where we are seeing some positive momentum.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Got it. Thanks for the color.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Ben. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Doug Mitchelson, Deutsche Bank.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Thanks so much. Good morning, so just a clarification from Artie and a question for Rob. Rob, if press reports are accurate and the FCC will formally allow broadband companies like Time Warner Cable to change a fee right in our companies for last mile fast lanes, I know it's early, but if it's accurate, what changes over time might result from such regulatory clarity as you see it? And then Artie, when you say April PSUs are 80,000 better than last year and it's only April 24th. You tend to close the month out a week or two early, right, so that April comment should be considered a full reportable month of April, not a partial month?
Arthur Minson: You have a very good memory, Doug. And yes, that is a full month of April for people who on the call may not know exactly what Doug is referring to. We do cutoff our subscriber reporting a little bit earlier than the actual calendar month end. So those April numbers are effectively in the bag and they reflect the full month.
Robert Marcus: As far as the FCC proceeding, Doug, obviously the FCC has been -- since the Verizon versus FCC decision, the FCC has been contemplating a new approach to what used to be the open Internet order. I think we will have to see exactly what ultimately is embedded in their proposal. I said on the last call in response to how we would react to the court decision that our business practice is to not discriminate, not block and content that's otherwise available in the internet. That will continue to be our operating policy. We will have to see whether there are new business models that turn out to be interesting resulting from anything the FCC might do, but I think it's premature to make a judgment.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: And then also a question to answer given the comments you just made, but do you think there could be a point in time where everyone just dips their toe in the water or is there something that could be a seed change in the way broadband companies handle traffic?
Robert Marcus: I think at this stage it's difficult to speculate until we know exactly what's being contemplated.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Right. Thanks so much.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Doug. Candy, next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question, Richard Greenfield of BTIG.
Brandon Ross  BTIG: Hi, guys. It's actually Brandon Ross in for Rich. Just wanted to ask one quick question, as your programming partners make an increasing amount of content available to Amazon and Netflix such as yesterday's HBO deal without the need for an MVPD subscription, how does that change your video strategy?
Robert Marcus: Brandon, I don't really think there is anything new here, the difference maybe simply in degree. We embrace video on the Internet in that, it highlight the value of our HSD offering. At the same time we know that in order to deliver a competitive video service we got to continue to improve our offering whether that means increased content, better navigation, more flexibility in terms of device access. And those are all things that we are committed to doing. I would argue that notwithstanding the increased availability of older VoD content through multiple platforms. There is still nothing that rivals the video experience that we deliver as an MVPD especially in terms of live content, especially things like sports and live news.
Brandon Ross  BTIG: Great. Thank you.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Brandon. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question, Craig Moffett of MoffettNathanson.
Craig Moffett  MoffettNathanson: Hi, good morning. Two questions if I could. First, a strategy question for Rob and Dinnie. Your gross margin dollars per video customer or I guess what I think of this transport margin has been coming down pretty sharply. How much of that is a strategy, the shift -- the focus to broadband, and how much of that do you think have to be rebalanced going forward, so that you take more moderate growth on the broadband side and shift some of it back to video? Then, just a quick second question, you guys may not even have seen that Verizon FIO's results in video were very weak this morning. I am just curious what you saw from Verizon FIOs in the New York City market in particular but in your FIOs markets whether they were doing anything different and had any different competitive impact than they have had in the past?
Robert Marcus: Let me take it in the reverse order, Craig. What I will point out on the FIO side is we actually -- the strength we saw in our subscriber performance was actually very broad based not only from a product perspective which Artie pointed out, but also from a geographic perspective, we actually saw improvement across out footprint, but what I think is very noteworthy is that the churn improvement we saw was most significant in FIO's markets, something we are very pleased about. So, I think that really responds to the direct head-to-head competition with FIOs that you described. In terms of the video margin, obviously this is not new news, video margin per video sub has been coming down for some time and we know that programming cost increases are the culprit. And that's really what's driving it as opposed to a conscious decision to shift revenue from the video bucket to the high speed data bucket. I agree with your general characterization of our video profit is being linked to transport as opposed to the aggregation and resale of video, but you are not seeing a conscious reflection of a strategy there. It's much more simply a product of the increase in programming cost.
Craig Moffett  MoffettNathanson: Thanks, Rob.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Craig. Candy, next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Tuna Amobi of S&P.
Tuna Amobi - S&P:
a color:
Robert Marcus: Yeah. I continue to stand by our original statement that this combination is the best way to maximize value for shareholders. We think of value on a long-term basis as opposed to looking at the spot price of any stock at a given moment in time. And the incremental value that can be created toward this combination, we think will ultimately accrue to the benefit of our shareholders by virtue of their more than 23% ownership in the combined company. And I don't think anything has changed about that. From our perspective we don't get terribly hung up by the fact that share prices move around from day to day. And I have full confidence in the decision we make.
Tuna Amobi - S&P: That's helpful. Just to clarify, when is your board meeting coming up? And how does this whole divestiture potential divestitures, does that kind of factor into your thinking at this point?
Robert Marcus: I am not sure what board meeting you are referring to, Tuna, but I would take a step back and say that I don't really think we have much to add to the discussion of divestitures relative to what Comcast disclosed on its earnings call as part of the merger agreement for the most part Comcast is responsible and has the authority to effectuate those divestitures and as Angelakis said on their call, I have no doubt that they will be delivered and thoughtful about that process.
Tuna Amobi - S&P: Okay, I will leave it there. Thank you.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Tuna. Candy, next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Amy Yong of Macquarie Capital.
Amy Yong  Macquarie Capital: Thank you. Can you just help us quantify or just quantify some of the growth coming in from HSD and how we think about volume versus pricing, and how you encourage upselling within your customer base versus providing free upgrades to higher speeds as a retention tool? And what's the right balance? And how do we think about going after the more value-oriented DSL subs? Thanks.
Arthur Minson: Sure. Amy, its Artie. If you look at the overall growth in HSD ARPU, for example, and try to split it into what was related to rate increases last year and what is people taking higher tiers of service? It breaks down that about 25% of that increase is coming from people taking higher tiers of service. So, given the rate increases we did last year that obviously had an impact on the overall ARPU. In terms of your question related to the everyday pricing offer and our overall offer strategy, I think what you are saying is more and more segmentation in the base, which I hit a little bit in my proactive remarks. What we are seeing there is the shared shift out of, for example, our standard tier. What we are seeing in that shared shift is it tends to be about 80% of the shared shift are people who are moving up into higher tiers of service. So we are doing a very good job of sort of getting people on to the platform and then successfully migrating them up.
Amy Yong  Macquarie: Great, thank you.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Amy. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Tom Egan of Telsey Advisors.
Tom Egan - Telsey Advisors: Super, thank you. I wanted to follow up on the rate increases. Could you just remind us where are you on the rate increases in terms of through the markets? And then, did they start in March or in April? Thank you.
Arthur Minson: Tom, with respect to the rate increases, there was minimal revenue impact of the rate increases in Q1, very minimal in March, and about I think it's about 83% of them will flow through in Q2. We have a little bit later in the year, but predominantly it will be a Q2 impact.
Tom Egan - Telsey Advisors: Great, thank you.
Tom Robey: Next question, Candy.
Operator: Thank you. Next question, Vijay Jayant of International Strategy & Investment Group.
Vijay Jayant - International Strategy & Investment Group: Hi. A couple of questions please. First on the fat broadband skinny video offering, I know you guys launched that. Can you talk about what traction that had in the quarter? Did it have really any impact on ARPU? And second, with the baseball season starting, can you talk about what's happening at the Dodgers RSM in terms of take up my other distributors? Thanks.
Robert Marcus: V.J., on the fat broadband skinny video, I'll tell you what, the uptake has not been significant at this point, but admittedly we haven't marketed it as aggressively as some of our other packages, at least not in Q1. So I still think it's an interesting potential opportunity for a particular segment to the marketplace, but thus far, it has not had an impact on our customer base or ARPUs for that matter. As far as the Dodgers go, I don't think there is any secret that at this point with the exception of Time Warner Cable and Bright House, we have not signed up any distributors to carry that network. I think the good news is the product is great and that we have a first place baseball team and the production quality is outstanding, and we will continue to work on gaming affiliation deals. In the meanwhile there is a whole lot of customers at Time Warner Cable who are very happy that they can view the service, and there are others who are moving to Time Warner Cable so that they can.
Vijay Jayant - International Strategy & Investment Group: Okay, thank you.
Tom Robey: Next question please, Candy.
Operator: Thank you. Next question, Frank Louthan of Raymond James.
Alex Sklar - Raymond James: Hi, thanks. This is Alex Sklar here for Frank. Following up on the last question, with the Starter TV with HBO bundle, do you foresee an impact on the premium channel segment with HBO striking a deal with Amazon? And then on your cash tax slide, you suggest you could see a 175 million decrease in cash flow from stimulus reversals. Do you have any early thoughts on what the proposed two-year bonus depreciation expansion could have on free cash flow this year and in 2015? Thanks.
Robert Marcus: I think the premium question is an interesting one, Alex, and I think that when premiums make a decision to make their product available through means other than traditional subscription to premium services through a multi-channel video provider. One of the things that could happen is that customers choose to access their products a different way. And I think that has a lot more to do with the health of the premium business than it does without multi-channel video business. I think we'd like to see how that plays out. Artie, you want to take the cash taxes question?
Arthur Minson: Sure. On cash taxes, to the extent there is an extension of bonus depreciation for the two years; our estimate is that would reduce the cash taxes guidance that we've given. So what would effectively -- it would be $150 million pick up in free cash flow or set another way cash taxes would be reduced by about 150 million if there was an extension.
Alex Sklar - Raymond James: Great, thank you.
Robert Marcus: All right, Candy, I think we have one last question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is James Ratcliffe of Buckingham Research.
James Ratcliffe - Buckingham Research: Thanks. Two, if I could; first of all, with the starting rollout of HotSpot 2.0 on your WiFi infrastructure, how do you see this in the long-term? I mean can we move to a scenario where WiFi becomes the primary mode for not customers, not just at their workplace, not in their home, but actually when they are truly mobile on their devices? And secondly, as you are raising speeds the board, how do you look at the tradeoff of customers who might choose that they don't need a turbo or similar service, and is there any precedent from previous speed increases about what share of customers actually end up downgrading? Thanks.
Robert Marcus: So James, on the WiFi network, we've launched that -- we thought that the deployment of WiFi access points was a significant value add for our HSD customers and in particular our strategy has focused on public WiFi access points meaning not necessarily in the home or in a particular business. So it is a replacement to some extent for some elements of mobile network. And we think that continues to be a tremendous value-add and we are going to continue to rollout access points. I think our total access points at the end of the quarter were up close to 33,000 and we deployed something like 3000 plus in the quarter. So the pace of rollout continues. And is it a complete replacement for cellular contract? I think that probably is not the case, but I think it's a really complementary offering and something that makes our HSD product more valuable. As far as the speed increases question, we are always cognizant of the impact of increasing speeds on our various tiers of service and what kinds of downgrade and upgrade activity that might result in, and so I can say that what we are trying to do is deliver the great amount of value for the greatest -- for the best price at each tier, but certainly we are not anxious to create cannibalization. So we do those speed increases very thoughtfully.
James Ratcliffe - Buckingham Research: Thank you.
Tom Robey: Thanks, James. Rob, did you have a few comments?
Robert Marcus: Yes. So I guess I will just summarize by saying that we are off to a great start in 2014. We had the best residential subscriber performance we had in five years. Our business services revenue growth was close to 25%. Operating metrics are improving. We are differentiating our products further to improve the customer experience. TWC Max is up and running in New York City and L.A. And all of these results underscore our commitment to delivering on our financial and operating plan and making our company stronger than ever in advance to the merger with Comcast. So with that, we will close, and I'll thank you for joining us this morning.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Rob, and thanks to everyone for joining us. And to give you a little advance notice, Time Warner Cable's next quarterly conference call, which will reflect our second quarter 2014 results will be on Thursday, July 31, 2014 at 8:30 a.m. Eastern time. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-30 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Robey Robert D. Marcus - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Arthur T. Minson - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Dinesh C. Jain - Chief Operating Officer Philip G. Meeks - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Business Services
Analysts: Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Amy Yong - Macquarie Research Bryan D. Kraft - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Frank G. Louthan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Craig Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC Vijay A. Jayant - ISI Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Time Warner Cable Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the call over to Mr. Tom Robey, Senior Vice President of Time Warner Cable, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Candy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Time Warner Cable's 2013 fourth quarter and full year earnings conference call. This morning, we issued 2 press releases. One, detailing our 2013 fourth quarter and full year results and the other announcing an increase in our regular quarterly dividend. We also had posted 3 presentations to our IR website. The first, detailing our 2013 fourth quarter and full year results; a second, outlining our 3-year plan; and a third, presenting a side-by-side comparison of Time Warner Cable and Charter Communications on some key metrics. Before we begin, there are several items I need to cover. First, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures. Definitions and schedules setting out reconciliations of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release and trending schedules. Second, today's conference call includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements herein due to various factors, which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Time Warner Cable is under no obligation to and, in fact, expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Third, the quarterly growth rates disclosed in this conference call are on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise noted as being sequential. And finally, today's press releases, trending schedules, presentation slides and related reconciliation schedules are available on our website at twc.com/investors. With that covered, I'll thank you, and turn the call over to Rob. Rob?
Robert D. Marcus: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. Let me start my first call as Time Warner Cable's CEO by saying that I am honored and thrilled to lead this great company, the premier pure-play cable company in the United States. I couldn't be more enthusiastic about our future, and I look forward to building on our long tradition of delivering great experiences to our 15 million customers and maximizing value for our shareholders. In a few moments, I'll spend some time on our customer-focused view of the world but, before I do, I want to reconfirm our long-standing commitment to you, our shareholders. Since our separation from Time Warner a little less than 5 years ago, Time Warner Cable has generated total shareholder returns of over 450%, far exceeding the indices. We have focused on building shareholder value, both through operations and through capital allocation. I want to make it very clear this morning that as CEO, I remain totally committed to maximizing shareholder value. Clearly, today's call differs a bit from the typical earnings call. As all of you know, 17 days ago, Charter Communications made a public unsolicited bid to acquire our company for $132.50 per share. This was the third in a series of bids that our board has unanimously rejected as not in the best interest of our shareholders. As I said at the time and I'll say it again today, Charter's most recent bid to acquire Time Warner Cable substantially undervalues our company. The headline value of the Charter proposal equates to roughly 7x our forward adjusted OIBDA and is substantially below the multiples at which recent cable transactions have been completed. Moreover, as we'll make clear this morning, the value offered by Charter falls well short of the value that we can create by executing on our current operating plan. In short, we have terrific assets, a world-class team and a well-architected operating plan. And we are confident in our ability to drive growth and create more value for our shareholders. In light of the circumstances, we're going to do things a little bit differently this morning. You'll notice that, in addition to our normal earnings-related documents, our press release, Q4 presentation slides and trending schedules, this morning, we posted 2 other presentations. The first prevents -- presents a side-by-side comparison of where Time Warner Cable sits relative to Charter on some key metrics. Some of the comments made by Charter management implied that TWC is somehow behind Charter in terms of operating metrics and level of investment. This slide presentation should set the record straight. The facts are that, in almost every regard, whether that's residential, video and high-speed data penetration, number of HD channels offered, Wi-Fi hotspots, commercial buildings on our network, you name it, Time Warner Cable is better positioned than Charter, reflecting years of innovation and investment. And that certainly provides a very strong foundation for our go-forward operating plan. That leads me to the second additional presentation that we made available this morning. That presentation lays out our 2014 to 2016 operating plan. We'll go through that plan in quite a bit of detail this morning. So here's the drill for the call. We'll start with a brief review of our fourth quarter and full year results, then I'd like to spend most of our time together walking you through our plans for 2014 and beyond. Dinni Jain, our new COO, will share some initial observations on the state of our business, our strategy and our operating plan. Then Phil Meeks, our COO of Business Services, will put some flesh on the growth plan for business services. And finally, Artie will pull it all together and walk you through the plan and provide guidance for 2014. So let's start with our Q4 and full year results. We told you about our Q4 subscriber metrics at an Investor Conference a few weeks ago. And I think it's fair to say that the financial results we reported this morning came in a little ahead on almost every metric. Artie will get into the details, but I want to call out some of the highlights of the quarter. First, and I'm very pleased about this, after a challenging year of sub-losses, we finished the year with really good momentum in our residential business. There's solid evidence that the foundational work we did throughout 2013 to fine-tune our offer strategy and to improve our retention capabilities are paying off. Customer relationships net adds improved sequentially in each month of the quarter and, in December, we're solidly higher than they were a year earlier. That positive momentum has continued into January of this year, so we're starting off the new year strongly. Second, we had 2 noteworthy enhancements to our video product during the quarter. We accelerated the deployment of our first-generation, cloud-based guide, which features a graphically rich user interface and advanced search functionality. As of today, the guide is on close to 3 million set-top boxes. The feedback on the new UI has been phenomenal. In addition, during the quarter, we further enhanced our TWC TV app, adding more content, both linear and VOD, and expanding the portfolio of platforms on which the app is available. The latest being the Kindle Fire. At this point, our IP video product is available on more platforms than any other MVPD app. And usage continues to grow. In December, our customers used the TWC TV app more than -- on more than 1 million IP devices. Third, we continue to make progress in customer service. The various initiatives we've been implementing over the last year to improve customer care and technical operations, including 1-hour windows and better customer education, are yielding real improvements in customer satisfaction. Fourth, we continue to deliver outstanding results in business services with year-over-year revenue growth of more than $100 million yet again in the fourth quarter. We're on track to reach at least $5 billion of annual business services revenue by 2018. And last, but by no means least, we reached a milestone in capital returns. By the end of 2013, we had repurchased more than $7.5 billion of Time Warner Cable stock since the inception of our buyback program in 2010. That translates into a 25% reduction in shares outstanding over the last 3.25 years. Before I turn it over to Artie, I just want to point out that this morning, we announced that our Board had approved an increase in our regular dividend to $3 per share on an annualized basis. That's a 15% increase. I know you've come to expect these annual increases, but I think it's important to point out that they don't just happen. They really are a reflection of our continued confidence in the business and our ability to generate free cash flow. So with that as an overview, let me ask Artie to briefly cover the key takeaways from our fourth quarter 2013 results. Artie?
Arthur T. Minson: Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. Process-wise, I'm going to limit my initial remarks to Q4 performance. I will then come back later in the call and walk you through our 3-year operating plan, including a detailed discussion of 2014 and related guidance. Let me walk you through the key Q4 highlights. I will start with residential subscriber performance. As I noted in my remarks at an investor conference a few weeks ago, about halfway through the fourth quarter, our residential subscriber performance began to improve meaningfully, with HSD and phone net adds of 58,000 and 18,000 in December, respectively, and our video losses cut meaningfully compared to earlier in the quarter. I'm happy to report that this year-over-year trend improvement has accelerated into January. On the residential side for January, we added approximately 25,000 customer relationships, which compares to a loss of 28,000 customer relationships in January 2013. The improved customer relationship trends translated into PSUs being up over 100,000 year-over-year for the month of January, making this the best January from a residential subscriber perspective in the last 5 years. I'm also confident that this momentum will continue. So what has caused this momentum shift and why am I confident that it will continue? Put simply, the initiatives we invested in last year are beginning to take hold. As a result, we are seeing a combination of reduced churn from the meaningful improvements in our retention efforts and we're also seeing improved connect and migration trends as we continue to enhance our marketing efforts to both new and existing customers. We are currently executing on a number of very specific initiatives that I'm confident, as we move into 2014, will continue to improve our results. For example, the residential team is currently executing very specific plans to improve our yield and inbound sales and amongst in-market movers and, on the retention side, the team has renewed efforts on improving retention in our retail stores and non-paid performance. At the same time, we are also continuing to improve our performance in our dedicated retention centers. The residential team is very focused on and making good progress toward the goal Rob outlined on the last earnings call to add 500,000 DSL subs over the next 18 months. Our Everyday Low Price light HSD product provides a sustainable way to attract the most price-sensitive DSL customers. On top of this, we've demonstrated our ability over time to upgrade customers to higher value, faster tiers. Reality is that while price is still the most meaningful variable in getting a DSL subscriber to change platforms, once we have a customer on our HSD platform, we have been very good at upselling them. For example, we're seeing an average of 20,000 upward migrations a month from our basic and light tiers of HSD to our faster tiers of HSD service. These upward migrations lend credence to our view that today's light customer is tomorrow's Turbo customer. This is probably best reflected in our tier trends as subscribers to our Turbo and above tiers are now above 30% of the base, up from 24% of the base a year ago. On the video side, we are maniacally focused on improving our performance, and we saw improved trends in the latter part of Q4, which has continued into Q1. Our goal is to get back to video subscriber growth and we're very focused on achieving that goal. Let me spend a minute addressing the quality of the subscribers we are bringing in on the connect side. I'm very pleased with our results here. We're still seeing strong monthly recurring revenue performance from new connects. MRR for new connect was still up in Q4 as compared to last year, a trend we have seen for all of 2013. So we're seeing a balance of nice volume improvements while maintaining healthy growth in ARPU. So net-net, I'm very pleased with our subscriber trends. Those of you who know me well know that I'm a straight shooter, so trust that I recognize that last year's residential subscriber performance was dismal. Yes, there were some external factors that impacted us, but that doesn't change the result. However, I want you to know that we have made significant progress in turning the ship on the subscriber side and we are entering the year with a renewed focus and great operating momentum. Let me spend a few minutes on business services, which continues to grow rapidly with another quarter of revenue growth of over $100 million. We continue to invest organically in the business as we added over 16,000 buildings to our network in Q4, and these buildings increased our annual revenue opportunity by approximately $225 million. We also closed DukeNet at the end of the year, which looks to be a great acquisition for us. So we're entering the year with business services at over $2.5 billion annual run rate, and Phil is going to join the call today to talk a little bit about our strategy and operating plan to exceed $5 billion of annual business services revenue by 2018. Let me spend a few minutes on the Q4 P&L before I turn it back to Rob. Compared to consensus, our financial results came in better on revenue and adjusted OIBDA as recent subscriber trends and ARPU benefited revenue and we continue to be vigilant on expenses. We're also better than expectations on free cash flow and adjusted EPS. Margins were essentially flattish year-over-year, despite an approximate $50 million reduction in political revenue and increase in sales and marketing as we continue to invest in our business services sales force and an 8% increase in programming costs per basic video sub, which came in better than expectations. Offsetting these expense increases were the ongoing reduction in our voice costs, as voice costs were down approximately $45 million year-over-year as we continue the migration to our own platform. We are over 95% complete with our phone migration and expect to complete it in Q1. The rest of the expense improvement was very tight expense management, which you should expect more. Over the last 3 quarters, we have reduced year-over-year expense growth from north of 3% to under 2%. As I have mentioned, we restructured a number of areas in 2013. In Q4 alone, we eliminated approximately 1,000 noncustomer-facing positions, which should save us approximately $75 million a year. My expectation is we will continue to identify areas that can be more efficient in 2014. We know our costs will increase this year in a few areas, such as programming and business services, but I feel very good about our long-term margin prospects, and I'm personally very focused on getting us back to margin expansion. I'll talk a little bit more about this later. Finally, you saw we did complete the $2.5 billion buyback that we guided to for the full year. I can tell you we're in the market at the highest levels of stock traded in Q4. As noted, I'll come back to talk about our 3-year plan, with specifics around 2014, a little bit later in the call. With that, let me turn it back over to Rob.
Robert D. Marcus: Thanks, Artie. I'm really encouraged by the progress we made in Q4 and the significantly better trends we're driving as we enter 2014. Of course, there's much more work to do, which leads me to my thoughts on the future of our company. Given the circumstances, we thought it was important to spend some time this morning on Time Warner Cable's 3-year operating plan. A plan that we worked -- we've been working on for quite some time and that we presented to our Board back in December as part of our annual budget process. Before we turn to the plan itself, though, I'd like to start with some broad principles. Our success going forward is dependent on some very basic elements: great people, a winning culture, a solid operating plan and a relentless focus on execution. As a result, I've spent the time, leading up to my becoming CEO, focusing on these foundational elements. I firmly believe that we are only as good as our people; that means the right people in the right roles. Early in 2013, we reorganized our management structure to better align our organization around our customers, facilitate standardized business practices, streamline decision-making, enhance efficiency and drive accountability. Organizational change is never easy, but the really hard work is now behind us, and we're seeing the benefits of the new, more centralized structure. Starting in May, we began to fill in key gaps within our leadership team with world-class talent from outside the company. First, adding Phil Meeks to lead our Business Services team, then recruiting Artie Minson as CFO and, most recently, bringing in Dinni Jain as Chief Operating Officer. Let me say just a couple of words about Dinni, who I believe is well known to many of you. I couldn't be more pleased to have him here. He's been in the business for more than 20 years, has a stellar track record and is very much in sync with my strategic vision for Time Warner Cable. With Phil, Artie and Dinni on board, I'd argue that our leadership team is as talented and experienced as any team in the industry. Let me spend a minute on culture. I am intent on building a customer-centric, performance-oriented, values-based culture at Time Warner Cable. A culture in which we put customers first, in which we set challenging goals that hold ourselves accountable, in which we are passionate about winning, in which we do the right thing. This is not rocket science, but I believe that all large companies need to refocus on the fundamentals every so often, and I'm convinced that having the right culture is essential to our future success. Consistent with my vision of creating a performance-oriented culture, we have fundamentally changed our incentive compensation structure to ensure that every employee has specific and measurable goals directly related to how he or she will contribute to achieving our plan. And we will hold all of our employees, including me, accountable for reaching these goals. As we laid out our 3-year operating plan, I thought it was critical to identify several key operating and financial priorities for our new leadership team. Chief among our priorities is to significantly improve reliability, quality and customer service. These attributes drive customer satisfaction, and customer satisfaction is critical to subscriber growth. Also among my top priorities is to distinguish our products in ways that really matter to customers. We can't chase every shiny new object. We need to focus on product enhancements that move the dial like better navigation, even better TWC TV apps, ubiquitous Wi-Fi and ever-faster HSD speeds and, of course, we have to continue to invest with an eye to the future. This is not a sprint. We want to set ourselves up for future growth, whether that means investing to fuel continued growth in business services, to accommodate future increases in traffic on our network, or to enable promising new revenue streams like IntelligentHome and cloud computing. These priorities drive our plan for the next 3 years. The first element of the plan is to revitalize residential services by focusing on 3 company-wide initiatives. First, we build on the success of the company's recent subscriber acquisition and retention efforts to drive much stronger and more stable subscriber trends. I like what I'm seeing, but there's plenty of room to drive more connects and fewer disconnects. Second, we significantly improve reliability and customer service. We're already hard at work remediating those portions of the access plant that don't meet our new performance standards. Simply put, this should make our products work better: better pictures, more consistent Internet speeds, fewer customer issues. In addition, we're going to make service a differentiator. We'll continue to make it easier to interact with us, eliminate unnecessary truck rolls by solving more problems over the phone or online, and really emphasize first-call resolution. I recognize that this may be viewed as a long putt, but the fact is that no one in the communication services space gets great marks for service. We intend to be the first. And third, we continue to roll out our next-generation video products. We'll expand availability of our cloud-based guide to 6 million set-tops by year-end and begin deployment of our even more advanced navigator on new 6 tuner DVRs. We will expand our VOD capacity to 75,000 hours nationwide. We're also planning to make our industry-leading IP apps even better on still more platforms. This much more competitive video product is key to our effort to meaningfully improve video subscriber performance. We'll build on top of these company-wide initiatives with the launch of TWC Max this year in New York City and Los Angeles, our 2 largest cities. Essentially, TWC Max is a reinvention of TWC. TWC Max means much faster Internet speeds. We'll more than triple the speeds enjoyed by our standard tier customers to 50 megabits per second, Turbo customers will get speeds of 100 megabits per second, 5x their current speeds, and we'll take Ultimate customers all the way up to 300 Meg. Those ultrafast speeds, coupled with even better Wi-Fi both inside and outside the home, really mark a quantum leap for our HSD offerings. I think our customers are going to be blown away. TWC Max also means more reliable, better quality video, all digital signals and better, newer HD set-top boxes. And TWC Max means a new brand for Time Warner Cable services, which will signify all the great new elements of what it means to be a Time Warner Cable customer. Stay tuned for the big reveal of the new name later this year, as we make more progress toward our launch date. After we complete Los Angeles and New York this year, we will transform most of the rest of our footprint with TWC Max in 2015 and 2016. We fully expect that our plans for the residential business will drive real subscriber growth. You should know that I've challenged the team to add 1 million residential customer relationships over the next 3 years. I'm confident that we can do it and I'm also confident that we'll start with positive residential customer relationship net adds this year. The plan's second element is business services. We will continue to invest in business services as we execute against our plan to make that at least a $5 billion business by 2018. Phil is going to review business services in more detail, so I won't steal any of his thunder. And the third element is cost management. Artie will hit this in a moment, but we'll continue to pursue operating efficiencies in order to offset continuing programming cost pressure. I will note that the plan contemplates that we will invest meaningful more -- meaningfully more capital in the business than we have over the last several years, both to enhance the residential customer experience and to grow the serviceable opportunity for business services. To summarize the plan, we're planning for top line growth of 4% to 5% and adjusted OIBDA growth of 5% to 6% this year, with both revenue and OIBDA growth accelerating by the end of the plan period in 2016. I will close by noting that we just held our senior -- our Annual Senior Management Meeting at our New York City headquarters. There was a gathering of our 150 top leaders to kick off the new year and align around our priorities and our operating plan. It was an energizing and inspiring couple of days. We are geared up to manage this company for the long haul. We've got the right assets, a talented, passionate, motivated team aligned around a thoughtful plan and we're already executing better than we have before. With that, I'll turn it over to Dinni.
Dinesh C. Jain: Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. Though my official start date was only a couple of weeks ago, my involvement with the team here began shortly after I was announced in early December. Since then, I've spent a lot of time getting to know the company. And overall, what I've discovered has pleasantly surprised me. My primary objective today is to review some of what I've learned and why it's changed my sense of the opportunity here. In order to do that well, let me start with a bit of background. I've been in the cable industry for 20 years, splitting that time almost evenly between 2 companies. A company formerly called NTL based in the U.K. and Insight Communications here in the U.S. I was part of NTL from day one, as the first employee in a company which eventually grew to almost 30,000 employees throughout the U.K. and Europe. Our sales and marketing playbook at NTL allowed us to grow to over 50% market share in our early markets, whereas our peers rarely even got to 30%. And with intensive focus on driving customer satisfaction through reducing error rates and call volume, we also created a new standard for low churn in an industry in which churn hovered around 3% per month. For more than 4 years, our churn rates rarely broke 1%. For an almost 7-year period, our growth was spectacular, fueled primarily by our abilities in operations. During that time, we consolidated much of the U.K. cable industry. I led the operational due diligence on 9 of the companies we acquired and I help integrate them after the deal was closed. Those experiences taught me how to quickly diagnose issues within cable companies and, more importantly, how to fix them. Over and over again, we hear the same things from the companies we acquire, "Yes, we get what you're doing, but it just won't work here." And yet over and over again, it always did. That's the strength of our playbook. Of course, unrelated to operations, the NTL story didn't end well because the company overreached, increasing its leverage too much and completely diluting its management team. In 2003, I became COO at Insights and, along with a few of my colleagues from NTL, we set out to replicate our operational success. And we did. Using the NTL playbook, together with best practices from U.S. cable companies, we increased Insights' overall customer satisfaction by 39%, distancing ourselves from our peer group in the U.S. cable industry. And we brought down our internal error rates considerably as well, thereby increasing our operating margins and significantly reducing churn. Most of all, we proved it was possible to grow video customers. For 4 years, from 2006 to 2009, we grew our video base between 2% and 5% a year in an industry which was consistently losing customers. Indeed, even after signing a deal to sell Insight to TWC, we grew our video base almost 2% in the 12 months before it closed and at a time where no other cable operator was growing video customers. And that brings me to Time Warner Cable. Framing my observations on TWC to have credibility, I must now cop to the fact that I've never been a big fan of the larger cable companies in the U.S. The larger cable companies, including TWC, seemed to lack the competitive spirit, the passion for winning and the willingness to adopt new ways of doing business that were so critical to our success at both NTL and Insight. As a result, it took Rob quite a while to convince me that he was serious about changing the culture here and that I could make a meaningful contribution. What ultimately persuaded me was the alignment I saw in everyone with whom I met. Every conversation focused on becoming more customer-centric. Every conversation accepted what needed to change. And more and more, I saw that many of the changes were already well underway. This is not the company I thought I knew. It's neither broken nor dysfunctional, far from it. This is a new Time Warner Cable, one with considerable drive and momentum, which they've been creating for many months now. This is also a company which has been almost entirely rebuilt. To the outside world, TWC seemed more like a loose confederation of cable companies rather than a cohesive whole. Over the last couple of years, however, this team has completely refashioned TWC into a highly centralized company, standardizing many critical business processes. This was a bold move, entailing many risks. Indeed, as I've learned, these changes did cause considerable disruption and were a meaningful part of the disappointing operational performance in the recent past. But from my perspective today, that pain is now stunt cost [ph]. What I'm inheriting is a platform in which most of the hard and risky work has already been completed. It took us several years to get to a similar point of standardization at Insight and, to be honest, we never fully achieved this speed at NTL. At TWC, we're now in a position to take advantage of our scale because of how things have been standardized. In particular, the technology group, the heart of all cable companies, has been remade from top to bottom and organized in a far more delivery-oriented manner. This is now a highly motivated and capable team. The residential business, too, has been completely redesigned and augmented. Most impressive to me is the recently deployed retention group, which is already showing very promising results. Newly created teams to drive customer loyalty also show promise. Plus, the residential group had a determined focus on all the right areas within customer service, in particular, on reducing call volume and truck rolls. Of course, there's much work to be done. And here are a few things that I'm thinking about. While we're working on many of the right things, we need to minimize the friendly fire and let the changes that we're working on in residential and business services take root and flourish. Although we're trending in the right direction, I want to study our connect machine and further improve its performance. And while the process to centralize is now largely behind us, we must leverage the new organization and drive it for greater speed and execution, particularly for getting new products to market. And lastly, everywhere I go, I see ways in which our products and services are better than our competitors, but I think we need to tell that story better. This company has a lot to brag about. And these are just my observation from the residential line of business. The business services group is just as impressive as any as I've -- that I've been a part of. And I'll be turning it over to Phil to discuss that shortly. Overall, I came to TWC thinking I was facing a rather difficult turnaround. To my delight, I'm finding something quite different. I'm finding a company that has already begun the major changes necessary, I find a senior management team with whom I am philosophically aligned and I find an opportunity which I can draw on my experience to build a world-class, customer-centric operation. And that makes me very excited about our future. With that, let me turn it over to Phil.
Philip G. Meeks: Thanks, Dinni, and good morning, everyone. As Rob mentioned earlier on the call, I joined TWC 8 months ago after spending the past 5 years running Cox Business and, prior to that, 18 years at MCI. I share this with you because, after spending virtually my entire career in the commercial telecom industry, I have a strong appreciation for the market opportunity available to us. As you may recall, MCI had a reputation for speed and aggressiveness in the marketplace. As a result of that experience, I have a high propensity for moving quickly and will not waste a single day that might help us realize our potential. It is important that I instill a deeper sense of urgency and a deeper culture of action that moves at greater velocity, which I define as speed plus focus. Business services is a high-growth line of business with a very compelling value proposition. We offer flexible and affordable products, delivered by dependable local teams via our reliable next-generation, fiber-rich network and data centers. Without question, a network with higher reliability and availability is critical to the businesses we serve and we make significant investments to properly scale and fortify the network ahead of customer demand. We offer best-in-class products, bundled to offer value to our business customers. These products span a wide range, including Internet, data, voice, video and cloud services, with solutions and pricing that is appropriately targeted for the segments we serve. Best-in-class products, network and reach through our local people and presence, combined with a winning culture, is how we will continue to succeed. My objectives for Time Warner Cable business services are very clear: exceed $5 billion in annual revenue by 2018 while simultaneously building the scale that sets the stage for many more years of profitable revenue growth beyond 2018. We have a 3-pronged strategic plan to accomplish this. First, we will scale our successful business to serving small businesses. In this segment, we will continue to expand our network reach, deliver best-in-class reliability and focus on delivering simple product bundles that are specifically targeted for small businesses. Second, we will replicate that success with mid-market and larger businesses by providing a compelling portfolio of products and solutions designed to meet their needs. Our next-generation Internet solutions, slated to launch later this year; our PRI and SIP trunking services; the cloud computing and managed hosting services we acquired with NaviSite, are all positioned as very well for an even greater success with these larger companies. And third, we will continue to grow our carrier services business. We hit a milestone in 2013 when we connected to our 12,000th cell tower. Including DukeNet, we are now connected to 14,000 towers. In addition to cell tower backhaul though, we intend to capitalize on the significant opportunity that we have to provide wholesale last-mile access to the enterprise marketplace. As we execute on our strategic plan, we are operating from a position of strength. At year-end 2013, we had over 600,000 business customers and our network reached more than 850,000 buildings. We connected 55,000 buildings just last year, which increased our serviceable opportunity by an estimated $900 million. In addition, the DukeNet acquisition significantly increases our network infrastructure by adding over 8,700 route miles to our fiber optic network. To be sure, building out our network to reach more business customers is the capital-intensive proposition, but we are very diligent in measuring and managing our returns on every investment. We are continually focused on improving our capital efficiencies by deploying architectural designs and advanced technologies, which will allow us to strategically lower the cost to connect to our customers. We also are focused like a laser on harvesting the market opportunities that we expand to. Let me share a snapshot of one example. In the second quarter of 2012, we made an investment of $10 million to proactively connect 801 new buildings to our network. In the 18 months that followed, we've harvested more than 2,500 new business customers in those buildings that, when combined, represent almost $750,000 in high-margin monthly recurring revenue. The good news is this is a repeatable process, and we will continue to build and harvest customers as we aggressively expand our network reach. We're also investing on our people. Over the past 3 years, we can more than double the size of our direct sales organization. We are currently -- we are supplementing those [indiscernible] reps with sales support, technical support and customer care resources to ensure that as we grow, we continue to provide a premium customer experience. In order to harness all of our opportunities and support growth prior to efforts for our people, a common organizational structure and standard processes are required. In Q4, we restructured our line of business to a centrally managed organization in order to create more consistency in our approach, while preserving localism where localism matters. Our current focus is on creating a standard operating model, so that the work flows to the business the same way everywhere. This will allow us to drive deeper automation, achieve greater scale and deliver enhanced customer experience. In conclusion, I'm confident that within the business services' line of business, we have the people, the culture, the plan and the commitment to execution that will allow us to achieve our aggressive growth goals. Being a business unit dedicated to commercial customers means we can deliver what we promise to our business customers, as well as deliver on our commitment to the broader company. I have full confidence in my team, and I will achieve our 2014 financial targets and deliver on our longer-term commitment to exceed $5 billion in annual revenues by 2018, as well as set us up for continued profitable growth in the years ahead. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Artie.
Arthur T. Minson: Thanks, Phil. Let me start by spending a few minutes on our most recent 3-year business planning process, which we began over the summer. We completed the process about a month ago with the presentation that we share with our Board of Directors, the details of which are included in the TWC operational and financial plan slides we posted to our website this morning. I'm not going to go slide by slide, but if you -- as you have heard this morning, our key operating initiatives include the following: one, investing to improve the overall residential customer experience; two, continuing to fund growth investments in business services; and three, continuing to pursue operating efficiencies in order to offset specific cost pressures. I believe the plan I will share with you today accomplishes all 3 of those operating initiatives while, at the same time, providing for strong growth over the plan period in revenue, adjusted OIBDA and free cash flow and continue the dividend growth and a continued healthy stock buyback program. I believe this will drive meaningful stock appreciation, all while maintaining a solid investment-grade rating. Let me start here by saying there isn't a patent on how to run a cable company or any company well. It's really all about a relentless focus on execution, as you continually invest to improve your products and services, which leads to happy and loyal customers. So as we entered the 3-year planning process, we knew there were areas where we wanted to invest to achieve our long-term operating goals. I will start with our network as it is our greatest physical asset. Over the next 3 years, we will invest to harden the plan to improve overall reliability and quality of service. As Rob noted, we will also invest meaningfully in the rollout of TWC Max. Most significantly, that will take the form of CPE, that's D-to-As, new set-top boxes, modems and advanced wireless gateways. And on the business services side, we will invest approximately $500 million a year to connect additional buildings and cell towers to our network to add about $1.3 billion a year in serviceable revenue opportunity. To achieve all this, we plan to increase total capital spending to $3.7 billion to $3.8 billion a year in each of the next 3 years and to invest an incremental $100 million a year in operating expense in proactive maintenance of the network and Max rollout activities. Approximately 50% of the increase in capital spending relates to CPE. Thanks, in part, to the new de minimis regulations, half of our additional spend on CPE is eligible for a media [ph] expensing from a tax perspective, which helps from a key -- free cash flow perspective. We expect these investments to yield a number of operational improvements on the residential side of the business, including better and more reliable products and services, reduced call volumes and truck rolls, increased customer satisfaction, lower churn, better connect volumes and greater upward product migrations, all of which should lead to significantly better subscriber trends, which leads to better overall financial results. As I indicated in my opening remarks on Q4, we saw improvements on the connect and disconnect side from the offer strategy and retention efforts we implemented during 2013. As we accelerate investments to improve the customer experience, we expect a compounding effect on future connect and retention trends. Looking only at net adds mask what is going on with connects and disconnects. Between customer relationship connects and disconnects, we currently do about 8 million transactions combined a year. So 5% changes in either connects or disconnects has a huge impact on the net add number. In 2013, we were on the bad end of that equation but, going forward, I expect very meaningful improvements in the net add number, which mathematically happens even with modest improvements in connects and disconnects. So to summarize, over the next 3 years, we will build on the foundation we laid in 2013 and make significant investments to improve the overall residential customer experience and expand the number of business customers we can serve. Those efforts should drive ongoing strong growth in business services and a revitalized residential operation. So given this level of investment, I am sure you are asking what this all looks like financially? Our plan contemplates that over the next 3 years, we will add approximately $3.5 billion of annual revenue and approximately $1.4 billion of annual adjusted OIBDA for an approximate 40% conversion of incremental revenue into adjusted OIBDA which, I believe, is very achievable as we reap the benefits of a mix shift toward broadband on both the residential and business side. That would translate to 2016 total company revenue of approximately $25.7 billion, with approximately $9.4 billion of adjusted OIBDA, with both revenue and OIBDA growth accelerating at the end of the plan period. In 2016, we expect business services will be growing at just below 20% a year despite a meaningful higher revenue base, as we continue to reap the benefits of the investments we are making in this area. And on the residential side, we expect residential revenue growth to accelerate from 1% growth in 2014 to approximately 4% growth by 2016. We are also focused on flipping the mix of residential revenue growth, in other words, getting much more of our growth from volume as opposed to rate. On the cost side, programming and content costs will continue to be an issue over the plan period and we will continue to make ongoing investments in business services. Excluding programming content and business services, all other expenses grow single-digit over the plan aided, in part, by lower residential voice costs. Given our expectation for accelerated growth in adjusted OIBDA and free cash flow, we expect to create significant balance sheet capacity over the next 3 years. Our current expectation is that over the period, we can generate north of $12 billion of incremental financial capacity, approximately 2/3 from free cash flow and approximately 1/3 from leverageable adjusted OIBDA growth. This financial capacity will cover our dividends as well as leave ample room for aggressive buybacks and opportunistic M&A. So let me rewind a bit and put a finer point on what we expect for 2014. In terms of guidance, as Rob noted, our current expectation is for reported revenue growth in the 4% to 5% range and adjusted OIBDA growth in the 5% to 6% range, so we'll have margin expansion. Keep in mind that DukeNet adds about 0.5 point of revenue growth and about 0.75 point of adjusted OIBDA growth. On the revenue and expense side, there are a few items to note in 2014. We expect approximately $100 million in political revenue and we also expect to have north of $175 million reduction in our phone costs as we complete our Go It Alone migration. Offsetting those items will be continued increases in programming costs. And I know we have a reputation for being conservative here, but my best estimate at this point is for low double-digit growth in programming costs per sub. In addition, we will have start-up losses in connection with launching the Dodgers network. And as I noted, we expect to incur approximately $100 million in costs related to the rollout of TWC Max and our overall plan-hardening activities. I noted the $500 million increase in CapEx to $3.7 billion, and we will fund that through increases in adjusted OIBDA, slightly lower cash interest and slightly lower cash taxes due, in part, to the new de minimis tax rates. So net-net, we expect 2014 free cash flow to be flattish as compared to 2013 at approximately $2.6 billion. To be clear, there would be free cash flow upside in the event bonus depreciation is extended. In 2014, we expect our spending on share repurchase to be in the same zone as in 2013 at approximately $2.5 billion. From a growth standpoint, we expect 2014 revenue and adjusted OIBDA growth to be back-end loaded due, in part, to the fact that political advertising will be back-end loaded. So before I finish, I want to answer 2 questions, why did I come back to TWC and what do I think about the plan? There were a number of reasons I came back to TWC, and one of my main considerations was that, in TWC, I saw a company with great assets that I felt were not fully appreciated from a valuation standpoint and, as a result, I saw an opportunity to create a lot of shareholder value. I saw our business services unit as our end-jewel. This high-growth, high-margin business was hidden within our traditional cable trading multiple, and I saw a great stock upside from this opportunity alone. I also saw our residential business that looked challenged on the outside but was, in fact, much healthier than what the public was seeing and on the cusp of a meaningful operational turnaround. Why did I think that? Because what I saw was a company that was making its way to a pricing transition that was reducing connect volume to more normalized levels. At the same time, disconnects were trending up because of increased promotional pricing in 2012. So put simply, we had tough comps on both the connect and disconnect side in 2013. As I looked into 2014 and beyond, however, I saw a meaningful customer and unit net add trend improvements as connect stabilized and eventually grew due to ongoing product improvements, and disconnects were reduced due to our improved retention efforts. I give this as background because I'm, obviously, not the only one who saw this opportunity. The folks at Charter and Liberty are very smart guys, and they think they see a chance to force a trade before the public realizes what we can achieve with our stand-alone plan. So hopefully, after today, you feel a lot more comfortable about our go-forward plan and the intrinsic value of this company. So let me tell you in closing that I feel great about our operational trends and that gives me a high degree of confidence in our 3-year plan. Those of you who know me well know that I'm a big believer in playing to win and living up to my commitments. And to be clear, I'm here to win and I'm here to work with the rest of our 52,000 employees to deliver on this plan. When I joined AOL, no one, and I mean no one, believed we could return it to revenue and adjusted OIBDA growth within 3 years. And through focus and execution, we did. And we made a whole lot of money for shareholders in the process. I plan on doing the same here. And let me now turn it back over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Artie. Candy, we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the conference call. [Operator Instructions].
Operator: Our first question is from Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I'll limit myself to one, focus on the improvement that you expect on the residential side. Rob, you mentioned more volume than rate. So I wanted to just ask if you could sort of dive into that a little bit more? One of the ways that the industry has been driving better revenue growth is through higher ARPU, particularly putting more equipment in the home and attaching revenue to it. You noted that in some of your presentations around additional set-tops, additional D-to-As. Is that something that you think doesn't make sense going forward for the company? Do you think that's a source of upside to your plan? Maybe speak about how you look at the revenue growth mix over the next 3 years and the potential around pricing?
Robert D. Marcus: Sure, Ben. I'll start, and I'll ask Artie to chime in. Look, we've had -- we've actually had tremendous success over the course of 2013 in driving monthly recurring revenue from our residential customers. In particular, we've had significant increases in monthly recurring revenue per new connect customer. So I think we've done quite well on that front. And that continues to be a focus. Quality of subs and revenue generated by individual subs will always be important. What I've said repeatedly is that we like to see the source of our revenue growth become more balanced. And we haven't generated the kind of volumes that we ideally like to see. So what we're talking about today is a refocusing on generating volumes through better retention, which I think we're well on our way to doing, and amping up the connect machine. So I don't want to suggest that it's an either/or, but I think as the recent past, we've been very dependent upon rate and incremental revenue per customer, and I'd like to balance that out with greater volume. Artie, you want to chime in?
Arthur T. Minson: Sure. Ben, what I would add about the plan is, obviously, on its face, it's more of a market share plan. And Rob talked about the growth we're expecting, customer relationships. But let me talk about places in the plan that I think are conservative because I'm a big believer in having multiple paths to achieve your overall operating and financial plan. So while we have, obviously, meaningful aspirations in growing customer relationships, I would argue that the PSUs per customer relationship we have in the plan are pretty conservative. And we're also pretty conservative in the plan on the rate side because it's a market share-based plan. I also think expenses, and Tom handed me a note that said that I may have missed a key word in my script when I noted that non-programming, non-business service expenses would grow. It should have said low single-digits; I think I just said single digits. And I will tell you, expenses are going to be a big focus for us in the plan. To put a finer point on expenses, non-programming, non-business services are going to grow in about the 2% range over the plan period. Now you -- we pick up about 1 point because of the reduction in telephony costs so, absent that, it's 3% growth. And you saw this quarter that we continue to reduce year-over-year growth and operating expenses, so that will be a place that we'll be particularly focused on through the plan period and I'd hope to do, frankly, a little bit better than that. In terms of revenue from going all digital and rolling out some of the new devices, we do have some of that in the plan. But I would -- it's pretty de minimis.
Operator: Next question, Jessica Reif Cohen, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Here's my long one question. So on the cloud-based guide, you gave guidance of $6 million by year-end '14, which is just about double what you had at the end of fourth quarter. I'm just wondering why -- I think you started rolling these out in Q4, can you do better? Is there is a gating factor? And what is the expected impact from these guides because they're so much better than anything that we've seen as customers in the past. So if you could just elaborate on what you expect or what you're seeing in terms of churn and usage and how it drives revenue? And my second part of my first question is what are you seeing in terms of overbuild activity in 2013 and expectations for '14? I know Comcast had mentioned that there were 2.3 million new homes built by telcos in 2013. I'm just -- if you could elaborate on that, that would be great.
Robert D. Marcus: Sure. So first, with the cloud-based guide, Jessica, it's -- this is not a pacing issue. The guide works on -- potentially could work on roughly 6 million of our set-top boxes, so we will be fully rolled out. It's not that we can't do it faster. That's the total number of boxes that the new cloud-based guide can work on. One of the requirements is that, essentially, they have a cable modem in them and some of the older boxes just don't have that cable capability to deliver the metadata from the cloud. So actually, I expect to be rolled out to the full 6 million boxes relatively early in the new year. In terms of impact, a little too early to tell. We really haven't heavily marketed the new guide and let people -- let customers know about it. Again, part of what we're doing here is trying to make sure that we have a more fulsome, complete rollout before we make a lot of noise about it. But I totally agree with you. It is light-years ahead of anything we've delivered before. In particular, the VOD portal, with the terrific box art and the advanced search capability, are head and shoulders above the prior experience. And ultimately, what we expect is that it will just increase the overall attractiveness of our video offering and also should allow for greater discoverability of our VOD offerings, and I would hope an uptick in transactional VOD. But it's a little early to tell on both of those, although I'm confident that that's where we're headed. In terms of overbuild activity, if you look at U-verse, I think we're now at roughly 28% overbuild of our entire footprint and, on the FiOS side, about 13%. The U-verse growth is a little bit faster, FiOS has been fairly static in that 11%, 12%, 13% range for some time. It's very hard to judge how many of the FiOS homes that are built to but not yet marketed are in our footprint. I suspect there are some in New York City, although Staten Island is virtually completely overbuilt at this point, so it would be Manhattan primarily where additional overbuild would occur. We've assumed kind of current course for the next year and then it flattens out.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Rob, just follow up on the VOD, on the new guides. Are you planning to offer electronic sell-through because we've heard terrific feedback from the studios? And what does it do? What do the new guides do for targeted advertising?
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. So on electronic sell-through, certainly, some of our peers have embarked on that. And it sounds like a very interesting opportunity, which we will certainly be evaluating. It's -- we can do it on our new platforms. So it's something we're definitely thinking about. In terms of targeted advertising, look, the primary developments we've made advances on in the targeted advertising realm actually are independent of the new guide, and the key area is our ability to dynamically insert ads in VOD content. And we've made great strides in that, cooperating with our fellow partners in Canoe. And it's a long time coming, but it's now a reality. And we have an increasing number of programmers who are actually dynamically inserting ads. It's generating incremental ad dollars for them, but it's also encouraging them to make more content available on VOD, which makes our platform better. So I think it's good all the way around.
Operator: Next question, Richard Greenfield, BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: When you think about the strategic plan, it seems like a big chunk of it for 2014 is the increase in CapEx to accelerate your growth, both in subscribers as well as retaining current subscribers. And just wondering, how did you come up with that level of acceleration? It seems like a lot of what Rutledge, Moffat and Malone want is a dramatically faster acceleration in CapEx to drive even faster EBITDA growth, more likely like in '15 or '16 from that '14 spend. So I guess it's a long-winded way of saying why did you not pick $4.7 billion of CapEx or $5.7 billion of CapEx this year to do some of this even faster than you're currently doing it? Would love to just hear how you think about that.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. Let me start and, again, Artie will jump in. I think it's important to level set here. The plan that some of our other cable peers are dealing with is fundamentally different from our -- the state of our plan today. We actually invested lots of capital over a multi-year period, some number of years ago, to implement switched digital video, which actually gave us the ability to deliver industry-leading numbers of HD channels. So our video product really is in the sense that we long ago freed up bandwidth to deliver HD channels, kind of state-of-the-art. The urgency of moving to All Digital, which is the primary capital spend that I think Charter is advocating, it just plays a different role for us. Over time, going all digital makes sense because freeing up spectrum that's currently utilized for the delivery of analog video, so that we can use it for faster HD, HSD speeds, makes a lot of sense. But it's not the same level of urgency in that we already have a competitive HSD product, which is only going to get better. But on the video side, we're well along. Then there are just the practical limitations to how much capital you can spend in any given year. Sure, we could have chosen a higher number, but you need actual human beings to implement the work and you want to get it right. Our primary objective in rolling out TWC Max is to deliver a better customer experience and we wanted to do it in a way that concentrated our efforts in a given city so that the experience actually was different as opposed to kind of spreading out our efforts across the footprint. So the theory here is focus, get it right in New York City and L.A. and then we'll move on from there. And frankly, as we learn, it may be the case that we feel like we can accelerate the rollout in the rest of the footprint. Artie, you want to comment?
Arthur T. Minson: Yes. The only thing I would add, Rich, is financially, our plan, unlike some others, is not based on spending a lot of upfront money on putting a 2-way set-top box on every outlet and then driving revenue and OIBDA growth off of those revenue streams. It's, actually, as we've laid out today, much more of a market share plan. So I think it very much ties into our overall operating strategy. And I think that's really where we started from. We started from an operating plan and the financial plan was an output from that. And so I feel very good about where we stand with that.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: And then just a follow-up because I think this is important. In terms of setting lofty goals, how is your compensation tied to hitting the targets you put in for both '14 and '16, meaning if you fail to reach these, does it directly impact everyone on those conference calls on your end's compensation if you don't live up to '14 and '16 targets?
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. Well, Rich, we have a very variable heavy compensation structure, both in the form of variable cash bonuses on an annual basis and also the proportion of our total compensation that is in equity which, I think, is reflective of our ability to hit these goals. What's unique about our compensation structure this year is that it's not exclusively based on hitting financial targets, which generally has been in the past, it is based on financial targets, yes. So in other words, we have to hit these '14 numbers to get paid. But it also has components that are subscriber metrics, customer performance, customer satisfaction metrics, rollout of the Max program base metrics, so there are an awful lot of component parts here that we must deliver on in order to earn our variable compensation.
Arthur T. Minson: And Rich, the only thing I would add, on a personal level, is I actually have a reputation for being a pretty conservative budgeter. People around here have heard me say often, in all my time as CFO, "I've never missed the budget." And I feel pretty good about where we stand right now.
Operator: Next question is Laura Martin of Needham & Company.
Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: A couple -- I want to focus on cost, Artie, a little bit here. So Artie, at AOL, when you were the CFO, you doubled the corporate margins and then, when they gave you the COO title, you actually really, really slowed the demise of the subscription business. So my question to you, one of the things you did there really well is you guys were investing in the business, that you really cut costs to help pay for that. So I'm interested -- thanks for the guidance by the way on many of the line items -- but on programming costs, one of the really biggest negatives for your sub growth was that Time Warner/CBS brouhaha. And you just gave us guidance on programming costs, up low single-digits. I guess my question is can you really achieve those kind of low growth numbers in the programming side? And are you -- should we expect you to be throwing off more unaffiliated channels like DIRECTV is doing with weather right now in order to keep programming costs? And then related to that, any other areas that we should expect to see you cutting costs out to fund some of this extra investment in business services in the residential product?
Arthur T. Minson: Sure. Let me hit sort of my overall view on expenses. And as I said in my remarks, programming costs are going to continue to be an external pressure on us. And our best expectation at this point is they will increase double-digits next year, and we have an expectation in low double-digits and an expectation over the plan period that, that trend will continue. And not to say we're not going to fight really hard to provide our customers the best value we can and -- but I think what's important when you build the plan is sort of just to build it on based on the reality you're facing, and that's what we're facing on the programming front these days. We also know, frankly, that there are areas we want to invest. Business services, we have invested meaningfully in the sales force and we're going to continue to invest meaningfully in the sales force. And the residential team, as they roll out Max, we know there are areas that they wanted to continue to invest in, whether it was on the care or the tech ops side. So with that as reality, what, really, we have to do is take a step back and look at all other expenses. And I think what you saw this quarter, and you're going to -- should expect to see more of this, we did a meaningful reorganization. We basically eliminated about 1,000 noncustomer-facing positions, and that should provide about a $75 million annual run rate benefit. And costs are going to continue to be a focus for us, but it'll be a balance between areas we know we want to invest in to grow the business and then doing the best we can to, frankly, eliminate those noncustomer-facing costs that we think we can be more efficient in. So that's going to be a way of life here. I think the entire organization is very focused on it, and I'm personally very focused on it.
Operator: Next question is Amy Yong, Macquarie Capital.
Amy Yong - Macquarie Research: I just have a really quick question and clarification on the 1 million residential relationships that you plan on adding over the next few years. Can you just talk about what that means in terms of different DMAs and, I guess, the breakdown between more competitive footprints like New York and L.A.?
Robert D. Marcus: Well, Amy, I can -- this builds on a challenge that I talked about on our Q3 call, which was that I challenged the team to win back 0.5 million high-speed data customers from DSL over the subsequent 18-month period, now 15-month period. And we're making good progress on that front. The composition of subs, of customer relationships is a mix. Although admittedly, it is as it -- per our plan, pretty heavy on single plays relative to the past, and that's because of the power we think we have on the HSD front. Artie mentioned that that's a conservative assumption in the plan and we sure like to see us having a higher bundled results than what the plan has, and I think that's doable. So with HSD as a big driver, the DSL markets, the non-fiber overbuild markets, are the most significant contributor to what we hope to achieve. But our game plan is to go full speed ahead in all markets.
Arthur T. Minson: And the only thing I would add there is -- one of the ways we look at that number is if you look at 2013, we had about 500,000 incremental passings. So if you assume that's in the zone for the next few years, we, obviously, take a look at markets, given demographic growth are getting more passings growth. And so we do expect -- obviously, right now, Texas is red-hot, so that's going to be a place we look to. So passings is going to play a part in getting those customer relationships.
Operator: Next question is Bryan Kraft, Evercore.
Bryan D. Kraft - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Rob or Dinni, can you talk about what you need to do to meaningfully improve the service levels and reliability in New York City, and how that fits into the operating plan?
Robert D. Marcus: Sure. Look, I think that New York City is kind of representative of the rest of the footprint. I think it starts with reliability, making sure the products work because the best form of customer service is that the customer doesn't have to reach out to us in the first instance for an issue. So we're really emphasizing improving the quality of the plant and the actual in-home customer experience. It also extends to ensuring that CPE is both functional, but also in spec, and we're going through our process of ensuring that all of our CPE is appropriately responding in the network. So it starts there. And then it goes to a very deliberate focus on executing in call centers and amongst our texts to get the problem solved right the first time to eliminating call volume that we create for ourselves, and Dinni will talk about it, and make life easier for customers in how they interact with us. So Dinni, maybe you can add a little bit?
Dinesh C. Jain: Yes. I mean, I think that Rob said all of the major things. I'd just highlight one thing in particular that he was talking about. Within New York City, we know exactly why customers call us. We know the things that are really bothering them the most. And now it's incumbent upon us to just make sure that we get those things prioritized very clearly and start taking them off one by one. And I think that it's kind of a boring answer but, at the end of the day, it's that boring type of execution that delivers better and better customer service.
Bryan D. Kraft - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: So there's nothing unique to New York City in terms of hardening the plans that is uniquely challenging because of the buildings in Manhattan or anything?
Robert D. Marcus: There really isn't. We probably talked about this in the past. There, historically, have been issues of relating to older in-building wiring in New York City. But by and large, we've been methodically going through the New York City, the Manhattan footprint, and accomplishing rewiring in buildings where it's necessary. It actually does have the effect of meaningfully reducing customer issues and trouble calls. And as necessary, we'll continue to do that. But it's not -- that's not a new -- it's a not a new function for us. We've historically done it on a regular basis.
Operator: Next question, Doug Mitchelson, Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Rob, 2 questions on the long range plan. And not to oversimplify the plan, but it was mentioned earlier the focus is to deliver market share gains partly by spending more on CapEx, right? So first, your competitors are now standing still, they're all spending more as well. And I'm sure it is, but is that accommodating your plan that the market is not static? What gives you confidence the pot of gold will be there at the end of the rainbow?
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. Of course, we're -- when we contemplate our plan, we assume that all of our competitors will continue to strive to win customers just like we are. But we feel confident that one, we can stay ahead of them; and two, a place where everybody has talked for a long time but not succeeded is improving that customer service experience, and we really think that that's an opportunity to differentiate ourselves. And try as they may, we just don't think the other guys are going to get there. So we feel very good about our ability to deliver a better customer experience.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: The second part of it is where will the market share gains come from? So when you segment the marketplace, where are the soft spots? Is it the high end, the low end, the middle? Is it -- do you have to win better everywhere?
Robert D. Marcus: I think there are opportunities everywhere. But again, I always point to some -- to say low-hanging fruit maybe trivializes the effort that's going to go into executing on it, but I continue to see a huge opportunity in our video-only base, who I think we can upsell to video HSD given the superiority of our HSD product. We made some good strides upselling video-onlys this past quarter. I think we added something like 100,000 -- we've migrated something like 100,000 customers from video-only to video Internet, doubles and triples. And we'll continue to seize that opportunity. And then generally, in DSL markets, I continue to believe that our share ought to be much higher than it is today on HSD.
Arthur T. Minson: And Doug, the only thing I would add is one of the reasons we added a little bit of color today on the connect and disconnect is just to give a sense in the plan of how it was built because what we expect to see over the next few years in the plan is continued churn improvements, and that will happen as a result of having better products and services and better reliability. And that becomes self-fulfilling and helps on the connect side over time with those better products, with the rollout of our new branding. So as I've said, 5% improvements in the connects and disconnects can have really meaningful impact on the net add numbers. And I think with that investment, that's a very reasonable assumption.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Well -- and I guess where I was going, we'll get more details on future calls. But we all understand how you attack the high end and the middle of the market, but the low end is the area where I think it could be really interesting if you could figure out something economical. And if you're going to gain 1 million customers, right, it has to be beyond just the better churn. So...
Robert D. Marcus: Doug, I certainly agree with that. And we've been, I think, industry-leading in terms of our focus on segmenting our potential customer base. We had great success in Q4 with our $14.95, 2-buy-1 HSD service that was designed to accomplish just what you described, which is hit a portion of the market that was particularly price-sensitive. And that was fairly statically connected to their DSL subscriptions. We knew that we had to deliver an affordable, superior offering to what DSL was offering in order to jar them loose, and I think we're making great strides there. So I think you could expect to continue to see us do that type of thing.
Operator: Next question, Frank Louthan of Raymond James.
Frank G. Louthan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So looking at the long-term plan here, I see a couple of things make some changes to some outside plant and equipment and some major cultural changes, that in my observation of network industries can take you 2- to 3-year kind of a period. Looks like you're targeting and doing this a little bit faster. What sort of confidence do you have that you can sort of realistically hit those goals and make those changes within an 18- to 24-month period and it won't stretch out longer into 2016, 2017?
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. Frank, I guess, I would very simply start by saying I feel very good about the plan. I think we're realistic about which changes take effect when. So largely, the improvements we're going to see in 2014 in subscriber performance are very much driven by building on the momentum we've got on the acquisition and retention side already underway. The improvements in customer experience clearly takes some time to sink in to have an impact on overall subscriber trends. But that's essentially what we've built into the plan. We contemplate that, that will take a little bit of time to kick in. And that's why you see stabilization of residential customer relationships in 2014, and then you really start to see growth in '15 and '16 when the benefits of our acquisition retention strategies, together with really improved customer experience, start to take hold.
Arthur T. Minson: The only thing I would add, Frank, is when you break it down into its component parts, the incremental spending, I think it's very manageable and we have very exact plans around what we're doing. If you take the incremental $500 million of CPE -- $500 million of capital this year, it breaks down roughly CPE up $250 million. About $100 million of that is in video, about $150 million in HSD and there are specific projects and work streams around that. You then have about $150 million increase in scalable infrastructure as we continue to invest in the plan to increase HSD speeds and, again, very discrete projects with very specific work plans around that. The only other thing I would add, too, is just organizationally, I think Dinni noted, all the heavy lifting has been done. And so really, the teams are set up well and very organized to execute.
Frank G. Louthan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So is the equipment and plant impacts were felt first and then the cultural change, then your organization kind of following up a little later to finish this off?
Robert D. Marcus: I wouldn't say that. I think cultural change clearly requires an evolution. It starts with the tone that's set from the senior leadership team and I think we're well along on accomplishing that. And that'll continue to permeate the organization over time. I wouldn't set it up as plan first, culture follows. This is something that is all taking place essentially simultaneously.
Operator: Next question, Craig Moffett, MoffettNathanson.
Craig Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: First, Dinni, congratulations, and Rob, congratulations on officially taking the new role. I wanted to ask about usage-based pricing and your broadband pricing model for a minute. I think you and John Malone have both articulated a view that there's opportunities to move toward sort of more transparent pricing of transport, if you will. But my sense is you've always preferred a more usage-based pricing model and the Malone model seems to be more focused on a two-sided market and charging. In the wake of Verizon, can you give us some thoughts on, now that you're in your new tier, how do you think that's going to play out and how you think Time Warner Cable is going to lead in that area?
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. Let me start by addressing the Verizon decision. I think it's -- at this point, the outcome of the Verizon decision is not going to affect the policy approach that we take towards HSD and HSD pricing. We've never had any interest in blocking or discriminating against any particular content. We're really about delivering the best possible HSD customer experience. So the -- to the extent that the FCC's blocking and nondiscrimination rules were struck down, that's not going to change the way we behave. Our usage-based pricing view has always been that we think that it's an elegant economic model to have customers who use more, pay more, and not have customers who are light users have to subsidize the use of heavy users. And as a result, we felt strongly that it was important for us to get usage-based offerings into the market. And we now have a 5-gigabyte tier and a 30-gigabyte tier offered across our footprint. At the same time, as we felt those models make sense, we also think that an unlimited offering is incredibly attractive to customers. And I think customers have spoken with their actions because, still, the vast, vast majority of our customers take the unlimited offering. In fact, the uptake of our usage-based here is still very small. Will that always be the case? Might it differ as pricing differentials between unlimited and usage-based tiers evolve? Sure, it might. I think our -- we view our mandate as to provide customers with a whole lot of choice. So I expect we'll continue to pursue both models. The idea of charging content companies for some preferential access or for not having bits counted in a lot of the AT&T Wireless sort of 800-number analog, I think it's early to say how all that will play out and whether or not that will pass muster from whatever the FCC ends up doing post the Verizon decision. I think we'll watch those models closely and see where it goes.
Craig Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Does your guidance that you gave today include any meaningful component of usage-based fees from broadband consumption?
Robert D. Marcus: So remember, our view on usage-based tiers has really never been about that being a significant driver of ARPU. We've always viewed it as an opportunity to do a better job at target pricing or segmenting our markets so that we could charge light users a more affordable price and not force them to subsidize heavy users. So to the extent that there were benefits on the revenue side, we always thought that they would come from having happier customers where the price-value equation was more synced up and, therefore, it would create a more stable customer base and less churn. We really didn't focus on this notion of having overcharges because our theory has been that we would always offer an unlimited tier, and then customers who use a lot would always opt for the unlimited tier.
Operator: Our final question is from Vijay Jayant, ISI Group.
Vijay A. Jayant - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Rob, you presented your long-term plan today. But this -- with that in the context, is Time Warner not interested in engaging with Charter at all on a transaction? Or is there like a level that could sort of come out in a win-win transaction if you actually did engage? And just generally, you talked about $160 value. In your mind, is that where you think the stock should trade today based on your long range plan or is that 3 years out?
Robert D. Marcus: Vijay, I'm going to repeat myself, which is we're in the business of maximizing shareholder value. We have said that if, in fact, an offer were presented that exceeds the value that we think we can create by operating the company pursuant to our operating plan ourselves, we would be willing to engage. We said that the price that it would take to transact would be $160, and this is specific to Charter, $100 in cash, $60 in Charter stock. And importantly, the stock component protected by a 20% symmetrical collar because we have concerns about the way Charter stock would trade between signing and closing. So I'm not telling you anything new, but that's a firm position. What I think, hopefully became abundantly clear today, is that we feel very good about our ability to run this business and we think we can create a whole lot of value for shareholders. I'm not going to comment on day-to-day stock trading prices, but we feel very good about our ability to create value at this company.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Vijay.
Robert D. Marcus: Okay. Thanks, everybody. We certainly covered a lot of ground this morning, but before we wrap up, I just want to leave you with some final thoughts. First, the residential business turnaround is well underway. We're committed to enhancing the customer experience, which will drive significant subscriber growth which, in turn, will accelerate our residential revenue. Second, the robust in profitable revenue growth in business services will continue for years to come. We will continue to invest in this opportunity and we will make this a very large profitable business. And third, even with the investment required to refuel the revitalization of residential and the continued strong growth of business services, we still have the firepower to engage in opportunistic M&A and return very significant amounts of capital to our shareholders. We hope you've gotten a sense of the talent, focus and passion we have on the team. And I know I speak from all 52,000 Time Warner Cable employees when I say that I'm confident that our best days are ahead of us. Thank you, and we look forward to talking to you again soon.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Rob. And to give everyone a little advanced notice, Time Warner Cable's next quarterly earnings conference call, which will reflect our first quarter 2014 results, will be held on Thursday, April 24 at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. Thanks for joining us.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. That does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tom Robey Glenn A. Britt - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert D. Marcus - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Arthur T. Minson - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Craig Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division John C. Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Time Warner Cable Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom Robey, Senior Vice President of Time Warner Cable, Investor Relations. Thank you, you may begin.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Candy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Time Warner Cable's 2013 third quarter earnings conference call. This morning, we issued a press release detailing our 2013 third quarter results. Before we begin, there are several items I need to cover. First, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures. Definitions and schedules setting out reconciliations of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release and trending schedules. Second, today's announcement includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements herein due to various factors, which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Time Warner Cable is under no obligation to and, in fact, expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Third, the quarterly growth rates disclosed in this presentation are on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise noted as being sequential. And finally, today's press release, trending schedules, presentation slides and related reconciliation schedules are available on our website at twc.com/investors. With that covered, I'll thank you and turn the call over to Glenn. Glenn?
Glenn A. Britt: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Many of you have reached out after hearing of my health issues, and I want to thank all of you for that. It really, really means a lot. As you know, I'll be retiring at the end of the year, so this will be my last quarterly earnings call. We're far and deep into the long-planned, well-thought-out transition. So I'll leave the details of the third quarter to Rob and Artie. But I'd like to take a few minutes to look at our industry from a broader perspective and maybe even to philosophize a little bit. When I first graduated from business school in 1972, I was attracted to the cable industry because I thought it represented a new industry with new technology that had a chance to challenge all the incumbent ways and transform the media and communications industries by -- really, by adding entertainment choices and adding to the diversity of voices in the public policy debates that, of course, are essential to our form of government. I also recognized that these were daunting aspirations and that the odds of pulling it off were slim. But I was young, and, like many others, I took a chance. I think that, by any measure, this industry has fulfilled those dreams. The media and communications landscape is immeasurably different than it was 41 years ago. And if you think that more choice, more voices and more transparency are good, then we have really accomplished something. But why are all these nice sentiments relevant? They are relevant because what we do every day is important to people. We have a physical and human infrastructure that provides services that people really wants. And that means we have and will continue to have a very good business as long as we continue to satisfy our various constituencies. In that context, I thought I'd talk to you about a handful of things that really matter over time in this business. They have been consistent over my 41 years, and they aren't always the things that I focus on quarter-to-quarter. So they are, in no special order, products and competition; technology choices; timing of capital spending and sourcing of capital; public policy and regulation; and, maybe as a follow-up from the others, M&A. So first, products and competition. The products we've offered over the years have changed dramatically. When I first got involved in the industry, no one could figure out what to do with planned capacity for 12 channels television. Well, guess what, the industry financed the creation of new networks and new content to fill those channels because the public had an insatiable appetite for more. Even in those early days, we dreamed of all sorts of things, including things we now do on the Internet. In 1993, most people thought that consumer broadband was a pipe dream, and that assumes they'd even heard of the Internet in the first place, which most people haven't. When we're through -- so we brought consumer broadband to the United States, and we led the way for the world. We also brought real competition to the voice market for the first time. And now we are revolutionizing B2B and moving into home automation. The point of all this is that we should not think of our world as a static place or attempt to turn the clock back 20 years. Regarding competition, well, duh, we have competition. I say that because when I first got this job 12 years ago, I think the cable industry as a whole, including our company, was in denial that we had real, viable competition. And I still hear some of my peers saying dismissive things about our competitors. And certainly, each of them has strengths and weaknesses, just as we do. However, they are around to stay, and we need to keep getting better at competing. The current form of competition in this entire sector is essentially focused on promotional pricing, which allows customers to jump from provider to provider to get the best deal. We need to wake up and learn more sophisticated marketing techniques. Anyone can gain share by starting a price war. Profits and happy customers, over the long run, are something else. My last point on competition should be obvious, but it often isn't. For the most part, cable companies don't compete with each other in the consumer marketplace. None of us has a national footprint, even though some of us are very large companies. We do compete with companies that are much larger, and in some cases, they do have a national or even a global footprint. As a result, the cable industry tends to cooperate on things like technology and public policy. There also is a regular crossflow of employees who move among the companies in order to maximize their career opportunities, and they bring ideas and operational techniques with them. In addition, we all use pretty much the same vendors and the same consultants. Though having watched this for many years, I can say that the history will tell you that the larger, geographically diverse cable operators tend to perform similarly and gravitate towards the same technologies over time. So why bother saying that? Well, we do compete for investment dollars, and there are not many public vehicles to invest in. So management is trying to tell you that they each have some secret operational formula or some magical technology that will make them better. But the reality is there is no secret formula or secret technology. Instead, there are lots of details. Now this doesn't mean that we all look identical at each moment. Sometimes, a company has performed very well, and then the others catch up, so their second derivative numbers look better. But at the end, if you look back and look over time, you will see very similar performance, and, with few exceptions, that performance has been very good. Moving on to technology. We are a business driven by technology. There are many examples over my 41 years where we used new technology in ways that have not been efficient to provide new services or to enhance existing ones. There is a tradition in the industry of people trying to do things. Some of them work very well and then are adopted by everyone else. Some fail. That is a good and healthy process. Again, I would urge caution before you get enamored by some solemn statement that someone has some new secret technology that will propel them to the top of the heap. Ask a few questions, like how do you know this will work? Has it actually worked in deployments? Will it scale? If it works, why won't all the other cable companies also use it? And what will you do if it doesn't work? With technology, it's also important to get the timing right. For many years, the industry went through cycles of intense capital investment, followed by relatively low capital spending until the next new thing came along. Once the initial investment was made, the investment story was alluring in the following low CapEx years. There are 2 problems with this strategy. First, smart investors figured out that it was really, really important to predict the timing of the next investment cycle. Second, the pressure from the first problem tends to cause managements to postpone investments and, perhaps, to cling too long to old technology. This can be a real problem in a competitive world. We, at Time Warner Cable, have pursued a different strategy, which has been to invest in the latest technology on a steady and regular basis. This is a more sensible engineering solution, and I think it actually makes us more predictable for you as investors. However, we frequently get questions because we always seem to be running either higher or lower capital spending than those who spend in a more lumpy way. Our slow and steady approach is the right way, I think, but it does create communications challenges. Do we get all of this right all the time? No, of course not. But over time, I think we do get it right. Regulation. We are a heavily regulated business, and all of the businesses in and around our sector are either directly subject to regulation or deeply affected by it. This thicket of laws, regulations and rules was formed over several decades. In today's policy circles, incumbent industries and companies are generally thought to be bad, and the role of government is to help challengers to the established order. I find it an interesting idea because it is the complete opposite of what the policy world was like during the first 15 years of my career. In those days, the communications and broadcast sectors were highly regulated, and much of the rest of the media sector was also pretty tightly controlled. The policy establishment and incumbent companies actually thought this all worked pretty nicely. And the whole system worked to discourage new entrants and challenges -- challengers to the established form. The reason this is important is that the vast majority of the laws, regulations and rules that we live under today were put in place when cable was seen as an undesired upstart, and that was despite obvious consumer demand for our products. Probably the best example of this is the 1992 Communications Act, which passed really towards the end of this intrusive protective era, but it is still the law of the land today. Although the Telecom Act was updated slightly in 1996, it is safe to say that today's entire television business and maybe even the entire entertainment business structure came out of this legislation and its consequences, both intended and unintended. The problem with this is that an awful lot has changed since 1992. And over time, there have become parts of the industry that have become clearly advantaged and parts that have been disadvantaged in ways that could not have been foreseen at the time. Naturally, those who find themselves at an advantage claim that this is all the free market at work, and those who are disadvantaged point to the legislation. It's worth spending some time to understand this stuff because it is an artificial construct of a policy process. It has changed in the past, and it will undoubtedly change in the future, although publicly not in the near future. Let me touch on sources of capital for a moment, a subject that, of course, is near and dear to the hearts of everybody on this call. This is a capital intensive business, and it requires a huge ongoing capital base to support it. Time Warner Cable, as an example, is not a national company. Yet, when you compare the size of our balance sheet, our number of employees and our revenue to many companies that are, perhaps, better known around the world, you will see that we are very large; actually, surprisingly large. The nature of our business allows us to finance a large portion of that capital base with debt. However, we are dealing with very large numbers. And over time, there are economic cycles, financial market cycles and government-induced dislocations in the financial markets. So we've run the company in a way that we think is prudent and that will enable it to survive these inevitable cycles. We, of course, are well aware that in the current market, high leverage seems very alluring, but we also think, on close examination, that everybody, except those with a fairly short time horizon, might think twice. Let me finish with a couple of comments on M&A. I read in the press, sometimes directly and sometimes by innuendo, that I am not interested in consolidation and that after I retire, Time Warner Cable might have a more enlightened attitude. The implication is that, somehow, I've been interested in entrenching myself and my colleagues. If you think about it, that is obviously absurd. We have demonstrated repeatedly that our job is to make money for our owners. And in M&A, we are open to deals that do exactly that. I personally have a great deal of my net worth tied up in Time Warner Cable stock. And after December 31, I won't be the CEO anymore. I care a whole lot about maximizing value. Rob and Artie can speak for themselves, but I believe they share my motivation, even though they're younger than I. However, my perspective has also been shaped by 2 very large corporate mergers in the past: the merger of Time Inc. with Warner Communications in 1990; and the Time Warner-AOL merger in 2000. Despite widely touted strategic and industry merits, both deals were very lopsided and in favor of one set of shareholders. So you shouldn't be surprised that we are focused on making money for you rather than just on some fuzzy notion of industry consolidation. Consolidation can be a good thing, but the terms really matter. Over the years I've been in this business, there's been a steady consolidation from many cable companies to few. The deals that work have always been driven by one of a few reasons. For example, sometimes, families decide it's time to sell because the children have no interest in the business. Another example, for smaller companies with few economies of scale, it's often possible for a larger company to pay them a price much higher than the economics they could realize by continuing on their own but -- yet less than the larger company's valuation. These are true win-win deals and has been many of them. Other companies in the past, including some large ones that practiced lumpy capital spending, and they leverage themselves to the hilt, have found that they could not finance the next capital cycle, and so they had to sell. In some cases, those sellers were able to earn spectacular returns on their original investments. Although you can always debate what would have happened if they had stayed in the business and if they'd been more conservatively financed. There's also been a few examples of companies that got into serious financial trouble because of being overly aggressive in the acquisition market. Delphi and Charter both come to mind in that kind of way. When we first spun off from Time Warner, I think there was widespread expectation that we would go on an acquisition spree and consolidate the industry so that the eventual structure would be 2 large cable companies. So far, I guess, we have disappointed those who believed in that particular story. And why is that? Well, we certainly believe there are benefits to consolidation. However, we also believe that those benefits are pretty finite and easily knowable. Among the large companies that you are aware of and that you follow, the managements and boards are sophisticated, and they are well aware of those finite benefits. The reality is that they only wanted to do deals in which they receive all of those benefits. But those win-lose deals would not be good deals. To state the obvious, win-win deals are good deals, and I expect that, over time, we will see more of those. In the meantime, we remain dedicated to maximizing the return for our owners, and that includes Rob, Artie and me. I'm really pleased with our succession process, which I started discussing with our board a few years ago. Rob Marcus is a brilliant executive, and he knows how to lead. He understands business, and he understands our business. Perhaps most important, in my view, he has great judgment and a whole lot of common sense. I'm really confident that he and his team will lead Time Warner Cable very well. I also want to thank you. To our investors, thank you for your support. Almost 7 years ago, we set out to make this a different sort of company, one that is transparent and shareholder-focused, where we have an ongoing dialogue and learn from each other. So thank you for making us better. To our customers, thank you for your business. Thank you for trusting us with services that are very important to you and your families. I believe the best is yet to come. And to our employees, thank you for working hard every day to serve our customers and communities. But enough with the philosophizing. Let's get to Rob and quarterly results. Rob?
Robert D. Marcus: Glenn, thanks very much, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin my formal remarks, Glenn, I'd first want to wish you my best on your health and, second, want to acknowledge this as your last earnings call before your retirement at year-end. There will undoubtedly be plenty of time to celebrate your impressive 4 decades in this business, but I do want to take this opportunity for some thank yous. On behalf of our more than 50,000 employees, I want to thank you for your leadership. On behalf of our customers, I want to thank you for your vision and your tireless efforts to deliver truly innovative, incredibly valuable products and services. And on behalf of our investors, I want to thank you for your steadfast commitment to creating tremendous shareholder value. And personally, I want to express my gratitude for your guidance and mentoring over the last several years. I aspire to be a worthy successor. On the operations front, there are a lot of things I could talk about this morning, but I'm going to limit my comments to the 3 that I think really matter: first, the performance of residential services, including the impact of recent programming disputes; second, our ongoing success in business services; and third, what I'm focusing on as we complete our CEO transition at Time Warner Cable. Starting with residential. Clearly, the issue this quarter was subscriber volume. Some metrics were much worse than we planned due, in part, to the trio of programming blackouts we endured during the quarter: CBS in New York, L.A. and Dallas; Showtime across our entire footprint and Journal Broadcasting in Milwaukee and Green Bay. We estimate that these blackouts elevated customer relationship disconnects by a couple of percent and also drove a roughly 10% increase in doubles and triples dropping video. The blackouts also reduced connect volumes and caused a spike in our in-calls to our call centers, which interfered both -- with both our sales and care operations. Unfortunately, the impact of the disputes bled over into HSD and voice, as we lost some video HSD Double Play and Triple Play customers. The CBS and Journal disputes clearly resulted in short-term pain for us. But as I've said before, the issues at stake had long-term, far-reaching implications for our business. So I really believe we had little choice but to stand firm on behalf of our customers. In the end, the deals we reached were far better than where we started. But the programming disputes are only part of the story. I'm still not satisfied with the subscriber results being generated by our current programs. In particular, while our new pricing and packaging architecture is continuing to drive dramatic improvement in recurring revenue per newly connected customer, in Q3, it had a greater-than-anticipated impact on connect volume. We saw fewer customer relationship connects, fewer PSUs per connect and, notably, fewer upgrades from singles and doubles to triples. To a great extent, these are expected outcomes of our pricing and packaging strategy and the trade-off between ARPU and volume, but I'm confident we can do better on volume without giving up the ARPU benefits we've been achieving. In the near term, to drive more unit growth, we've got a couple of things in the pipeline. First, next week, we'll launch our holiday offer, which includes a free Samsung tablet loaded with all of our apps, including TWC TV, with the purchase of higher-end packages. I think this will generate lots of interest and really highlights TWC TV and the value it adds to our service offerings. Second, we're going after DSL. We estimate there is still 4.5 million DSL customers in our footprint, 1/3 of whom take video from us. Given the superiority of our broadband offerings to DSL, we find that inconceivable and unacceptable. It's an opportunity we must capitalize on. To that end, in the next couple of weeks, throughout our DSL overlap markets, we'll begin aggressively marketing our new 2-by-1 HSD tier offered at the everyday low price of $14.95 to appeal to more price-sensitive, value-oriented DSL customers in a way we haven't done before. I've challenged our team to convert at least 0.5 million DSL subs to Time Warner Cable broadband over the next 18 months. I think this is both important and achievable. And over time, as these customers' speed and capacity needs increase, we'll be well positioned to sell them higher-end products. This quarter's subscriber volume issues notwithstanding, the pricing and retention initiatives we put in place over the last 9 months are delivering. Once again, this quarter, aggregate new connect revenue, meaning, total new customer connect times revenue per new customer, was up meaningfully over last year. Although only about 20% of our customers have the new packages, we're already seeing the improvement in new connect ARPU drive improvement in overall ARPU per customer relationship. Over time, as more customers are in the new packages, we fully expect that the positive impact on overall ARPU will be even more pronounced. In addition, efforts to improve retention are yielding results. As you know, we've been particularly focused on doing a better job retaining customers rolling off promotions. In Q3, disconnects among customers rolling off promotions were flat year-over-year, despite a year-over-year spike in promo roll-off volume. Going forward, we'll have fewer customers rolling off promotions, and we'll continue to do a better job keeping them. So this should further reduce churn. Artie will go into the details on these initiatives in a few minutes. Let me turn to business services, where we continue to deliver outstanding operating results. Since Phil Meeks took the helm 5 months ago, we've completely restructured the business services organization, hired a new Head of Business Services Sales and announced the $600 million acquisition, DukeNet. Also, in Q3, we connected record numbers of new buildings and cell towers to our network, providing the foundation for future growth. And we accomplished all this while growing quarterly revenue by $100 million on a year-over-year basis. We are committed to further success in this area and fully intend to continue investing in our network and people to achieve our goal of at least doubling business services revenue over the next 4 to 5 years. And to be clear, that goes for organic growth. DukeNet and any other business services acquisitions will generate additional revenue on top of that. It's worth noting that, increasingly, business services line extensions are fiber rather than HFC. And in mixed commercial and residential areas, the prospect of deploying fiber to the home is looking more attractive from a financial perspective, enabling multi-gigabit-per-second HSD speeds as needed. Let me turn to the third item I'd like to discuss with you this morning, which is what I'm focusing on as we move into 2014 and I take over as CEO. During this year, we've been hard at work establishing our one TWC organization and ensuring that our management team is aligned around our key priorities for the future. Foremost among those priorities is recommitting to putting customers at the center of everything we do, with a particular emphasis on reliability and service. Throughout 2013, we've been making great strides in customer service, rolling out one-hour appointment windows throughout our footprint, facilitating more self installs and self care, improving the troubleshooting capabilities of our care reps and enhancing customer education. I'm very pleased with the progress we've made and continue to make on the service side. But there's more to be done. Over the last 90 days, as part of the transition process, I've been working with the leadership team to develop a plan to further improve the customer experience. We're working through a 2014 budgeting and planning process right now, but I'd like to share at a high level a couple of the initiatives we're working on. First, in recognition of the fact that we're only as good as our network, we are implementing an enhanced reliability program across our entire footprint to ensure it's capable of delivering what we and our customers expect. Our newest monitoring tools enable us to identify those nodes in our network that are driving the most customer calls, so we can proactively target our network maintenance efforts. Second, beginning next year and proceeding over the next several years, we're going to designate selected markets as what we've codenamed TWC Max Markets. In each TWC Max Market, we will completely revamp the customer experience. We'll go even further to drive best-in-class reliability and service, we'll go all digital and replace modems with state-of-the-art D3 modems and advanced wireless gateways, so we can meaningfully increase HSD speeds. And by the way, we're not talking about tweaks here, but rather quantum changes to our speed tiers. We'll also replace standard definition and older HD set-top boxes and roll out new DVRs, better UIs and more advanced versions of our TWC TV apps to fundamentally improve the video experience. Of course, New York City is on the verge of becoming our first 100% digital market. And we've been steadily reclaiming spectrum through our analog reclamation program over the last several years, so we've got a good head start. While these are ambitious plans, we firmly believe that the potential benefits over time will be significant: a happier, more stable subscriber base; an even more robust platform on which to grow and innovate; and an even stronger competitive position. And we think we can execute these plans without departing from mid-teens capital as a percentage of revenue. Our commitment to generating strong free cash flow and returning capital to shareholders remains unchanged, and we intend to manage the pace of our investments accordingly. We'll share more about network -- our network reliability initiatives and TWC Max as they take shape. Once I'm in the CEO seat, we plan to hold an Investor Day both to introduce our team and to discuss our strategic and operating plans in more detail. Finally, given all the swell in the press, I can't help but comment on M&A speculation. Glenn and I are 100% on the same page here. I want to be very clear, we are and have always been unequivocally committed to creating value for our shareholders, whether that's by allocating capital prudently, operating our businesses effectively and efficiently or by participating in M&A as a buyer or a seller. Any decision on consolidation hinges on just one question, does it maximize value for our shareholders? And with that, I'll turn it over to Artie for his discussion of the quarterly financial results. Artie?
Arthur T. Minson: Thanks, Rob. My best wishes as well, Glenn, and good morning, everyone. I will start by saying we had another good financial quarter. Let me just walk you through for what, for me, the noteworthy items. Business services growth remained very strong, with revenues up over $100 million from last year. This was the 14th quarter in a row of 20%-plus revenue growth. Business services is now closing in on becoming a $2.5 billion run rate business. And as Rob said, our goal is to at least double the revenue of this business over the next 4 to 5 years, and that's without acquisitions like DukeNet. Residential customer relationship ARPU was up $2 year-over-year to $105, the highest absolute dollar growth in ARPU this year, even with the mix shift away from Double and Triple Plays to HSD-onlys. Despite the decline in customer relationships and PSUs, the strong ARPU growth drove overall organic residential revenue growth of 0.7% year-over-year, which represents an improvement over Q1 and Q2. Overall residential revenue growth was driven by a 14% increase in HSD revenue via a combination of the modem lease fee and the very strong growth in selling higher tiers of HSD service. Growth in our wideband tiers, meaning our 30-, 50-, 75- and 100-megabits-per-second services, accelerated this quarter with over 100,000 net adds. We now have over 700,000 wideband subscribers, up 100% year-over-year. Revenue is also benefiting from our new pricing architecture, as we currently have approximately 20% of our subscribers on the new pricing architecture, up from approximately 10% a quarter ago. Our investments and retention efforts are also showing meaningful improvement in terms of both maintaining ARPU and volume. While the operating and subscriber impacts of the CBS and Journal disputes were significant, the in-quarter financial impact was small. Revenue for the quarter was reduced by these disputes by approximately $15 million, and adjusted OIBDA and operating income were roughly $5 million lower. We expect that Q4 financial impact from lower Q3 subscribers, plus the customer credits issued in Q3, will result in a full year reported revenue growth rate of 3% to 3.5%, somewhat lower than previously anticipated. I am pleased that we saw modest operating leverage with adjusted OIBDA growth of 3% on a total revenue increase of 2.9%. The Q3 margin improvement was a bit better than expected. There were quite a few ins and outs on the margin front. Year-over-year margin improvement resulting from the [indiscernible] and continued migration-related reductions in voice costs were offset by higher marketing costs, including marketing costs related to the programming disputes, and lower margins on ad sales revenue. We also had higher employee costs, particularly in business services, where we continue to invest in salespeople to drive revenue growth. We are keenly focused on managing our operating expenses. For example, over the last few months, we have restructured billing and collections, IT, human resources, ad sales and finance, resulting in meaningful run rate operating efficiencies. I continue to expect full year margins will be around 36%. And as we head into 2014, cost control will continue to be an area of significant focus. Adjusted diluted EPS growth remained strong at up 20% in Q3 to $1.69. The growth came from 12% adjusted net income growth and the ongoing reduction in shares outstanding, as weighted average diluted shares were down 21 million or 7% year-over-year. On a reported basis, year-over-year comparability was impacted by the 2012 AWS and Clearwire gains. I also want to point out that EPS did benefit this quarter from a lower effective tax rate, due in part to the remeasurement of certain deferred tax liabilities at the state level. There was a similar lower effective tax rate in Q3 of 2012, so the tax rate did not have an impact on the year-over-year growth rate. Third quarter free cash flow increased 4% to $440 million due, in part, to higher adjusted OIBDA and lower qualified pension plan contributions that were partially offset by higher cash taxes and net interest payments. The increase in cash taxes was primarily due to both lower Insight tax benefits and lower pension contributions in 2013. And the higher interest payments were related to the timing of coupon payments on bonds issued and retired in the last year. For the full year, we continue to project $3.2 billion of capital expenditures and $2.5 billion of free cash flow, though there could be a little bit of upside to our free cash flow guidance. We still intend to repurchase at least $2.5 billion of stock in 2013. Let me spend a few minutes on CapEx because there are some important takeaways. While CapEx was flat year-over-year for the quarter at approximately $775 million, we continue to see a mix shift with the residential and other CapEx down roughly $50 million related to lower video CPE and business services up about $50 million related to higher line extensions. In the third quarter, we added more buildings and cell towers to our network than ever before, with over 18,000 new buildings on net and almost 1,300 new towers added. Consistent with our longstanding practice in residential, where we add capacities [ph] prior to selling services, we have been building out business service line extensions to high-opportunity areas before we have new customers signed up in those buildings. We just completed a review of all these proactive line extensions over the last few years, and I'm extremely pleased with the financial and operating results. We have customers in over 70% of the buildings we have attached to our network. We have an average of 3 to 5 customers per building out of an average of 10 to 12 tenants per building. And relative to the cost of bringing these buildings on net, we are generating very healthy returns on a monthly recurring revenue basis, with meaningful opportunities for upside as we continue to penetrate new buildings on net, increase penetrations in existing buildings and continue to roll out new products and services for existing customers. While we see great opportunities for organic growth in business services, we are also interested in M&A opportunities in this space. Earlier this month, we announced our agreement to acquire DukeNet. This acquisition allows us to expand our fiber footprint to reach more transport customers. Approximately 80% of DukeNet's fiber miles are in our footprint, and about 90% of monthly recurring revenue is from transport, with 70% from cell tower backhaul alone. So this deal fits very well with our business services strategy and is a good example of our disciplined approach to M&A. We bought a really attractive business services asset at a relatively low residential-type multiple. We expect to close DukeNet in the first quarter of 2014. Given the increasing importance of business services, we plan on expanding our segment reporting when we report our Q4 results in early 2014. We are still finalizing our exact breakdown of segments, but my expectation is business services will be its own reportable segment. On the balance sheet side, we had approximately $23.9 billion of net debt for a leverage ratio of just over 3x and $4.6 billion of combined cash and equivalents and available borrowing capacity. As we move towards Q4 and 2014, a few items to keep in mind. We now expect full year 2013 programming cost growth sub to be around -- per sub to be around 9%, which implies a fourth quarter growth rate in the double-digit range. Before you carry that growth rate forward into 2014, I want to point out that our current estimates for Q4 programming cost growth are boosted by about 200 basis points related to onetime reductions of programming expenses in Q4 of last year. I'd also point out that our forecasts typically include estimates for new services that may or may not get added, so we could come in slightly below 9% for the full year. With 3 quarters of the year behind us, we now expect to deliver adjusted diluted EPS growth for 2013 somewhere around the midpoint of the 10% to 15% range we guided to at the beginning of the year. We are in the middle of our 2014 budget season, and we'll have a more robust readout on the fourth quarter call, but a few items I wanted to put on your radar. If there's a silver lining to the higher interest rate environment, it is the fact that our pension is now estimated to be overfunded by over $400 million in 2013, so we do not expect to make any contributions to the qualified plans in the fourth quarter or in 2014. In addition, the IRS recently issued regs retroactive back to 1/1/2012 that will allow us to do immediate expensing for tax purposes of capital items that cost $200 or less. We expect to take this benefit in 2014. We currently expect that the combination of no pension contribution and new IRS regs will generate a free cash flow benefit of approximately $300 million in 2014. I think it's fair to assume that CapEx will increase as we fund our enhanced network reliability initiatives and our TWC Max Markets implementation that Rob noted in his remarks. However, I still expect CapEx to be in the mid-teens range as a percentage of revenues, and we should be able to fund much of the incremental capital with the tax- and pension-related cash flow benefits I just referenced. More to come on this as we finalize 2014 budgets. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Artie. Candy, we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the conference call. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Jessica Reif Cohen of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Obviously, I want to add to everybody's comment on Glenn, wish you just the best of luck at your retirement and a healthy, healthy recovery. As far as the question, just if anyone could comment on any lingering impact on basic subs from the CBS dispute or any of these programming disputes. And can you just -- I guess, kind of a general comment on how long do you think it will be before you expect to stabilize subscribers and the pull-through that it's had across your other services?
Glenn A. Britt: Jessica, this is Glenn, and thank you for your thoughts, and, actually, many people have reached out, and I really, really appreciate that. It means more than you could know. I think on the substance of your question, I will refer that to Rob.
Robert D. Marcus: So, Jessica, maybe it makes sense for me to attack this one by walking through the different components of subscriber performance that were actually affected by the programming disputes. So not surprisingly, we saw some customer relationship disconnects. We also saw a suppression of customer relationship connects. And maybe the easiest way to highlight how much of that was generated by the subscriber disputes is to point out that in July, prior to the disputes, customer relationship net losses were basically flat year-over-year. So all of the action or all of the difference in customer relationship losses occurred in August and September, which is when the disputes were going on. In addition, what we saw clearly was some downgrade activity, bundled customers who dropped video, and that added to the PSU net loss function. I would point out that when we lost customer relationships, whether via disconnects or the absence of connects, in many cases, that carried over to high-speed data and voice. I think the biggest year-over-year delta actually came in Triple Plays. So we had 3 units associated with that. In addition to the direct impact, there's no question that the disputes resulted in a whole lot of call volume coming into our call centers. That had the impact of clogging up not only the care queues but some overflow into inbound sales. And unfortunately, in some cases, that made it hard for customers who, otherwise, were inclined to connect with us, it made it hard for them to actually get through to our sales agents. So the machine, clearly, was impacted by the disputes. There was no question that, that had a hangover impact that extended beyond the actual settlement of both CBS and Journal, although you'll recall that Journal extended for another couple of weeks after we resolved CBS around Labor Day. I'm not going to get into Q4. We came into this year with a change to our disclosure practices, which I think is a wise one, which is to not provide interim subscriber performance, less people jump to conclusions based on small periods of data, so I'm not going to go beyond that. On overall subscriber performance, I would take the opportunity to point out that the results we're seeing on promotional roll-offs is positive. We're doing a much better job keeping promotional roll-off customers. The actual disconnects associated with promo rolls, as I've pointed out, were flat, in spite of the fact that we had a very large spike in promo rolls coming through the system. Two good things going forward is that promo roll volume is going to decline, and I think we should expect that our performance in keeping the promo rolls that do come through will be at least as good as they were in Q3. So I feel good on the disconnect side going forward.
Operator: Next question, Craig Moffett of MoffettNathanson.
Craig Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Glenn, let me just offer the same. I wish you a very long, happy and, especially, very healthy retirement. I can't thank you enough for all the support and tutelage over the last 10 years or so. Let me ask a question about broadband pricing, if I could. Your broadband ARPU, and I know there's limitations with how accurate your individual product ARPUs can ever be because of bundling, but your broadband ARPU is up 12% or so year-over-year, and that's obviously been the primary reason you've been able to sustain margins. That can't be sustainable, though. What's the sustainable growth rate, in your mind, for broadband pricing and broadband ARPU? And how do you shift away from a reliance on price so heavily in the broadband market?
Glenn A. Britt: Craig, this is Glenn. Let me tackle that, and then I'm sure Rob and Artie will jump in. Broadband is amazing, and you are right to point out that within the Triple Play that revenue was allocated, so it's -- maybe it's not as quite as precise as you'd like to pretend because of that accounting standard. But the reality is when we started this business in 1996, I think it was, we priced it at $40, and it was -- I think it was 1.5 megabits per second or some speed like that which seemed enormous at the time. The speeds have steadily increased. And although the price has gone up a bit, it has not gone up, quite frankly, as much as inflation and it has not gone up nearly as much as utility in the service. So I think that's the context. We clearly are seeing, number one, the people who are upgrading to faster speeds, and that's a big piece of the ARPU that you're talking about, and we have raised prices recently in the form of modem rental fees. But that's really just a broadband price increase. So I think that just says this is a strong product, there's a lot of demand. And that to think that for many, many, many years, it's going to get better and better and better and not keep up with inflation is an erroneous assumption. In fact, the opposite is true. But Rob, you might want to give the specifics.
Robert D. Marcus: Craig, let me address a couple things. One, clearly, the 14% growth in HSD revenue, which I would argue is pretty terrific, was largely driven by the rate side of the equation, which is not 100% about price increases, as Glenn points out. Mix had something to do with it, but let's assume that it is very heavily driven by rate. Going forward, my expectation is that we have a much more balanced growth profile, with more of the growth coming from volume. And as I pointed out in my remarks, I'm specifically focused on aggressively attacking that kind of static DSL base that still sits in our footprint, which I continue to find kind of unacceptable, given the better product we're offering. So we're going to go aggressively with a product that is priced, we think, in a way that's very compelling for those maybe more price-sensitive customers that have continued to take DSL. So that's piece #1, which is a focus on ramping up volume. The other thing I would point out is, while the bundles do tend to cloud individual product ARPU, one piece of the sub story that we didn't highlight is that HSD-only net adds were actually up about 150,000 in the quarter. And those are customers who are taking broadband at the stated price in a way that's not, in any way shape or form, skewing ARPUs. So I continue to believe that the price-value equation for our broadband product is right. And I guess, it's also worth noting that we're continuing to add value to the broadband service. We just put out a press release over the last week or so highlighting the fact that in New York, L.A. and Hawaii, we're increasing our top-end broadband speeds and taking people that are in our 50-megabits-a-second tier of service and increasing their speeds to 100 megabits a second. So I think you're going to continue to see the value of the product increase, whether by speed or by incremental proliferation of WiFi hotspots, and I think that justifies continued growth in ARPU.
Operator: Next question, Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Glenn, of course, wishing you the best and a speedy recovery. I just had a quick one for Artie on the credits. I didn't know -- it sounded like you're expecting more credit hit to revenue in Q4, so I just want to confirm that. And if you had a number in your mind you wanted to share for what that was on the Showtime front, that would be helpful. And then my real question, I guess, to Rob and the team around Time Warner Cable Max or All Digital. Can you help us think through a couple of things? Are you considering D-to-As? I'm guessing no, just given your historical view on that approach. Any sense for how many TVs out there in your customer base require or will need boxes to move the network over? And at a high level, it sounds like you guys are excited about the opportunity. Why not go as fast as sort of humanly possible here? Are you trying to manage this within the balance of your capital return plans and historical buybacks stuff? Is there something else you're seeing that causes you to pace it more?
Arthur T. Minson: Ben, let me hit on the credits issue. The credits is really just a Q3 issue, and I think that was covered in my proactive remarks. And as it relates to pace of buybacks, I wouldn't read anything into it. In slowing the pace, we're still focused on the $2.5 billion for the full year.
Robert D. Marcus: Ben, on Max Markets, first, I'm not sure what philosophy you're referring to with respect to D-to-As. We've actually been deploying D-to-As in connection with our analog reclamation program over the last several years. And as we go All Digital in Max Markets, I would fully anticipate using D-to-As as the terminal device for television that don't currently have a set-top box. So we have no philosophical aversion to D-to-As. As we've talked about in the past, we've been deliberate in our spending of capital on D-to-As, one, because we've been interested in writing the cost curve down before we needed to unlock additional bandwidth; and two, our expectation is that we're going to reach a point in time where video is more frequently delivered in IP, so an IP terminal device is more interesting to us. I think we've reached, though, a point where we think it makes sense in certain markets to unlock even higher HSD speeds by reclaiming even more bandwidth. So that's where we are in D-to-As. In terms of boxes, it's tough to say. I'll tell you that, so far, in our analog reclamation work, we've experienced the customers, on average, take a couple of D-to-As in addition to whatever set-top boxes they have in the home. But that varies depending on what channels are reclaimed. So in an All Digital scenario, and New York was a little bit of an anomaly because we've historically always scrambled our expanded basic lineup, so we have many more set-top boxes there to begin with, so I think we're still going to learn as to how many D-to-As customers take. But I think rough guess [ph] is 2 to 3 per home is a reasonable working assumption. And then lastly, I think that you asked why we wouldn't go as fast as possible on the Max initiative. The goal here is, really, to fundamentally change the customer experience in a given market. So rather than spread our efforts like peanut butter throughout the footprint, I'm very anxious to deliver a complete experience, meaning not only going all digital but also ensuring that we have state-of-the-art modems in every customer's home, ensuring that they have the best video CPE and that the overall experience is really optimal. So we're going to concentrate market by market rather than take individual components and run them through the entire footprint.
Operator: Next question, Richard Greenfield of BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: I think most investors out there that we talked to seem to believe that you are pretty misguided in your battle with CBS because, at end of the day, it felt like it was more about regulatory or hoping for regulatory reform. But I think a lot of them view the fact that even if you got regulatory reform, CBS would ultimately -- in that case, could become a cable network and could charge you ESPN-like dollars, given their viewership levels. So you really wouldn't have been in a better place even if you had gotten what you wanted. I was hoping -- especially given how much Glenn has kind of put his neck out on these issues over time, would love to hear you explain the differences between negotiating with cable networks, like a Discovery or an MTV, compared to broadcasters who are covered by those '92 regulations that Glenn mentioned.
Glenn A. Britt: Rich, I'll make a couple of comments. First of all, there's obviously been a lot of people making a lot of comments in the press, and we don't go into details about deals. We do think that we are better off with CBS than we would have been if we had not had this fight. And just suffice it to say that, that doesn't mean the deal is cheap, it doesn't mean it's wonderful, but we do think it is better than it would've been in a meaningful way. And I think, in a way, that maybe answers your question. We did not do this just to suffice in the regulatory arena. I mean, obviously, we have been working on that for some time. And as I said in my comments, I don't think this is on the top of anybody's agenda in Washington. Obviously, there's lots of other things they have to worry about. I do think it is way overdue to look at it after 20 somewhat years. And some time, they will, and my guess is the rules will change at that point in ways that we can't necessarily anticipate. But that's for later. Unfortunately, I think you're going to see these fights continue. My last comment is, and I know people say, "Oh, we'll just change from a broadcast to a cable network." That is not -- and certainly, I think it's something somebody could do. I think if you examine the rights that they buy, the number of hours they program a day, their relationship with the broadcast affiliates and the political implications of that, I think that is all easier said than done in a theoretical sense, and it's not going to happen so fast. Again, we can talk about it more offline or anybody else who wants to talk.
Tom Robey: We typically end at 9:30. This morning, because of the length of the prepared comments, I think we'll take a few more questions.
Operator: Next question is Doug Mitchelson of Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Glenn, what a remarkable career. Our team's thoughts and best wishes are with you. Your prepared remarks, Glenn, suggest to investors they should be patient, and I'm hoping you could educate me further on how the Board of Directors handle the situation like this one between Charter and Liberty and Time Warner Cable. And if I postulate that shareholders generically decide they'd be willing to sell at some price, say, pick $140, and if Charter and Liberty decide that they're willing to buy Time Warner Cable for whatever that price is, but the board shares a view, that such an offer does not create sufficient value, how does the board balance shareholders' views versus the board's personal view of value and value-creation potential?
Glenn A. Britt: Doug, great question, and I'm a little bit at a loss to answer at any specificity, other than to say that the world of M&A is one that is well documented over decades, and there's legal standards and court cases and what have you about what boards do and their obligations. We are well aware of those things, we are well advised by the top law firms, and we behave accordingly. And then beyond that, I don't think I should comment.
Operator: Next question is Laura Martin of Needham Capital.
Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: First, to Glenn, 20 years ago, when I went to First Boston, I started following your leadership. And there is no leader in this ecosystem more responsible for the tremendous economics that we have today and the industry structure. So I would like for all of us at Wall Street to thank you for 30 years of leadership that has been characterized by integrity, candor and brilliance. And just wish you the best, and our -- all of our thoughts and prayers are with you as you fight here for your health this year.
Glenn A. Britt: Thank you for that, Laura. Thank you very much.
Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And it's really hard then to ask you a question about the income statement because it just doesn't seem to matter. But, Artie, you did a great job cutting costs at AOL, adding 100 to 200 basis points to margins, if I recall. When you think about this company, which is much larger, what do you think the margin expansion could be here as you think about targets of your cost-cutting efforts?
Arthur T. Minson: Thanks, Laura. Look, I'm not going to get too far into it, other than to say we're -- we continue to be really focused on costs here. I noted in some of my proactive remarks some of the restructurings we undertook in Q3, and my expectation as we head into '14 is costs are going to continue to be an area of renewed focus for us, and I'd probably just leave it at that.
Operator: Our last question is from John Hodulik from UBS.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Best wishes to you, Glenn, for a speedy recovery. It's been great working with you these last few years. Maybe back to the sub trends, if we could. Rob, did you guys see increased competition from U-verse in the quarter? Did that add to some of the pressure you've seen? Yours had some solid numbers here this quarter. And then, secondly, on the $15-per-month plan, when do you expect to have that in the market? And is -- am I correct in understanding it will be across all your markets that you'd be offering that price point?
Robert D. Marcus: John, I apologize. I heard the words U-verse in the first question.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, they had some strong numbers. Did that impact the numbers as well? I mean, obviously, we're all very focused on the programming disputes.
Robert D. Marcus: Right.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: But did you see some increased competition as well in those numbers?
Robert D. Marcus: Okay. So look, if you kind of look at the footprint overlap on a year-over-year basis, I think what we're up to now is basically 40% of our footprint is overlapped by either FiOS or U-verse. It's about 27% U-verse, 13% FiOS, which I think, if you boil it down, that's about 1 million homes more than we were faced with a year ago. And that naturally translates into more competition, and that's something we've been experiencing over quite a few quarters now, so definitely has an impact. We highlighted the programming disputes because it was kind of a unique element in the quarter, but many of the same factors that we've been grappling with over the last several quarters continue to persist in Q3 as well. So yes, definitely had a factor. The second question -- and I apologize, we're having a little sound trouble here. What was the second one?
John C. Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just on the $15 high-speed data offer, when is that going to be in the market? And are you going to have that available across all your markets?
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, the answer is yes, it will be available across all our markets. We'll be aggressively marketing it in the DSL overlapped footprints, meaning that 60% of the footprint that is not FiOS and U-verse, but it will be available everywhere. And it's going to be in the market, I believe, in the next week or 2. November 4 is in my head, but it may be maybe a week after that.
Tom Robey: I think that's probably all we have time for this morning. Thanks to everyone for joining us. And to give you a little advanced notice, Time Warner Cable's next quarterly conference call, which will reflect our full year and fourth quarter 2013 results, will be on Thursday, January 30, 2014, at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. Thank you for joining us, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tom Robey Glenn A. Britt - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert D. Marcus - President and Chief Operating Officer Arthur T. Minson - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Vijay A. Jayant - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Craig Moffett - Moffett Research, LLC Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Philip Cusick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Amy Yong - Macquarie Research John C. Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Hello, and welcome to Time Warner Cable's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I'll turn the call over to Mr. Tom Robey, Senior Vice President of Time Warner Cable, Investor Relations. Thank you, you may begin.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Candy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Time Warner Cable's 2013 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This morning, we issued a press release detailing our 2013 second quarter results. Before we begin, there are a few items I want to cover. First, we'll refer to certain non-GAAP measures. Definitions and schedules setting out reconciliations of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release and trending schedules. Second, today's announcement includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs, and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those implied -- expressed or implied by the statements herein due to various factors, which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Time Warner Cable is under no obligation to, and in fact, expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Third, the quarterly growth rates disclosed in this morning's presentation are on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise noted as being sequential. And finally, today's press release, trending schedules, presentation slides and related reconciliation schedules are available on our website at twc.com/investors. With that covered, I'll thank you, and turn the call over to Glenn. Glenn?
Glenn A. Britt: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. You'll have to bear with me because my voice is a little froggy this morning. Over the last 41 years that I've been in and around the cable business, it has remained a dynamic and exciting place to be. As we demonstrated in the second quarter, that continues to be the case. We introduced TV Everywhere capability in the quarter that is enabling our customers to get out of the home access to programming on a range of TV devices and websites. We announced the availability of in-home access to our video product on an expanded array of consumer electronics products. And at the cable show in June, we demonstrated a new navigation capability that we think will transform the way our consumers find entertainment. At the same show, the industry also demonstrated that it has the ability to make high-speed data much, much faster over this next several years, and we highlighted the value of a WiFi network with more than 150,000 access points available to our customers, and that's not to mention the many advances in phone, home automation and business services. On the operational fronts, we accomplished what we set out to do in the second quarter. The residential services team continued to execute its plan to improve performance, setting the stage for faster growth in the second half of the year and in 2014, and once again, business services continued to shine. A recurring theme over the last couple of months has been the speculation in the press and in the markets about consolidation in the cable industry. The fact that Time Warner Cable has been at the center of that speculation is really an endorsement of the value of our assets and the company we built. I'm not going to comment further, except to say that, as always, the watchword for us is discipline. Looking for ways to build value for the cable industry, as a whole, consolidation is a worthwhile endeavor, but our objective is, and will continue to be, to build value for our shareholders. And so we announced a management transition last week. As you know, I announced my plan to retire at the end of the year, and hopefully, I'll have my voice back by then. I spent the last 41 years helping to build this company and industry, and it has been a central part of my life. However, it is also important to me to have time to explore the world beyond cable. And after 12 years as CEO, it is healthy for a good company to transition to new leadership and new thinking. The rest of the board and I have been discussing this transition for the last few years, and we couldn't be more pleased with how the process has gone. We built in a healthy mixture of both continuity and change. I've worked with Rob for more than 20 years and side-by-side at Time Warner Cable for the last 8. He's been involved in all of the key decisions we've made in recent years. He was CFO at the time we separated from Time Warner Inc. He was one of the architects of our balance sheet and capital allocation philosophy, and he and I jointly planned and executed our move to one [indiscernible] management structure earlier this year. We have a shared approach to the business, one that values transparency and consistency, prudent balance sheet management and a commitment to creating value for our shareholders. That approach has served us quite well. Rob is an accomplished executive, a strong decision-maker and has deep understanding of our company, our industry and what it will take to lead Time Warner Cable into the future. We will continue to work together in our current roles 'til year end. Our objective is to position the company to bring the very best to our customers, to provide rewarding and fulfilling careers to our 52,000 employees, and of course, to deliver value -- continue to deliver value to our shareholders. We've done very well in these regards. I know we can do even better. Rob, thank you for your many contributions and congratulations.
Robert D. Marcus: Thank you very much, Glenn, and good morning, everyone. It's been a distinct privilege to learn the ropes from Glenn. I really have been learning from one of the true masters. Glenn's steady and thoughtful approach to the business has enabled Time Warner Cable to deliver on its promises to customers, employees and shareholders. As we pass the baton over the next 5 months, Glenn and I, along with our talented and experienced senior management team, will remain focused on our key operating priorities. We'll continue to invest in and grow business services. Phil Meeks, our Business Services COO, has been on board just shy of 2 months now, and he's fully committed to taking our already very successful B2B operations to the next level. We'll continue to revitalize our residential services operations. Bill Goetz, our Residential Services COO, along with Jeff Hirsch, our Chief of Sales and Marketing, and John Keib, our Head of Customer Care and Technical Operations, are leading the charge on this difficult, but critically important effort. We are committed to delivering better and more reliable products and outstanding customer service, while also driving better revenue and cash flow growth. We'll also continue to insist on financial discipline. We're thrilled to have Artie Minson back at TWC as CFO after a 4-year stint at AOL. Artie not only knows the cable business very well, but also brings a broad perspective and deep insight into the management of complex customer-facing technology businesses. As part of the 2014 planning process, Artie will lead a critical review of our overall operating and capital costs to ensure that we are spending and investing as wisely and efficiently as we can. And finally, we'll remain committed to the balance sheet and capital allocation philosophy that we've lived by since we separated from Time Warner 4.5 years ago. Will there be changes over time? Of course, but as Glenn said, all of our efforts will be informed by our desire to bring the very best to our customers, to inspire and motivate our employees to perform at the highest level, and to continue to deliver value to our shareholders. With that said, let me turn to a review of our second quarter operations, starting with residential. I described for you a couple of initiatives last quarter that we put in place to drive better performance in the residential business. I'm pleased to tell you that we continue to make great progress, and the initiatives are on track. I fully expect that these initiatives will begin to favorably impact our financial results in the second half of the year, especially in the fourth quarter. The first element of the plan is to get, grow and keep customers at higher ARPU and profitability. Our new pricing and packaging architecture is driving dramatic improvements in recurring revenue per newly connected customer, while also giving customers more choice and more value. In Q2, recurring revenue per newly connected customer was up high single digits over last year's second quarter, with recurring revenue per new Triple Play connect up over 15%, and recurring revenue per new Internet Single Play connect up over 20%. We've been using the new pricing and packaging for just about 6 months now, so only about 10% of our customers currently have the new packages. As a result, the impact on overall ARPU is still modest. Over time, though, we fully expect that higher new connect ARPU will contribute to meaningfully better ARPU growth per customer relationship. As we've discussed before, this approach represents a conscious decision to pursue subscribers with higher ARPU, higher profit and lower churn even if that means fewer connects. So it's not a surprise that as in Q1, subscriber net adds were down in the second quarter on a year-over-year basis, although it's worth noting that the year-over-year trends in Q2 were somewhat better than in the first quarter. The second quarter decline was driven primarily by much lower Triple Play connect volumes and fewer upward migrations of existing customers from Single and Double Plays to Triples. Video Internet Double Play connects and high-speed data Single Play connects were actually up year-over-year in Q2. Despite the overall -- despite the year-over-year declines in connect volume, aggregate new connect revenue, meaning the product of new connects times revenue per new connect, increased over last year's Q2, and that's the ultimate test of the pricing architecture. The second element of our get, grow and keep program is strengthening our retention capabilities, and residential churn in Q2 was down versus Q2 of last year. Our 4 retention centers are all up and running, and by year end, we will have hired or converted close to 1,000 employees to staff these centers. The results continue to be very encouraging. Retention rates, meaning the percentage of customers calling into these centers that we save, again increased in Q2, and importantly, the retention of subs 30 days after their interaction with our centers also rose meaningfully. And not only are our reps saving more customers, but they're preserving more ARPU among those customers that they save. As promotional roll-offs peak in the second half of 2013, we expect that our new retention capabilities will drive better revenue growth. Improved customer service is also a critical component of our residential plan, and I continue to be excited about our progress. Our efforts to improve reliability, enhance troubleshooting capabilities for care agents, provide comprehensive customer education and make interacting with Time Warner Cable more convenient are beginning to yield some very encouraging improvement in customer satisfaction metrics. We plan to do a deeper dive into our customer service initiatives on an upcoming earnings call. On the product side, we're making significant strides as well. More than any other multichannel video operator in the country, we've made good on the promise of bringing TV to any device in the home, and customers' use of TWC TV is growing rapidly. Our customers used the TWC TV apps almost 5 million times in June. That's roughly twice as many sessions as in June of last year. We continue to enhance our TWC TV apps for iOS, Android and Roku. Earlier this week, we launched 5,000 free and subscription on-demand choices on Samsung Smart TVs, and we recently announced that we'll bring as many as 300 live linear channels to the XBox in the coming weeks. At the same time, we're making substantial progress on our new cloud-based UI for the set-top box, which many of you got a chance to see firsthand at the cable show in June. The new guide is currently in testing in employees' homes, and the plan is to begin beta testing in the next 60 days and introduce it to customers later this year. We're also committed to enhancing the value of our HSD products. During Q2, we added another 3,500 WiFi hotspots, mostly in New York City, to our already extensive network. Our customers now have access to more than 150,000 WiFi hotspots around the country. More and more customers are taking advantage of this great feature. And as we've said before, those who use WiFi seem to churn less. In the interest of providing our customers with more choice and flexibility, we continued to add new tiers of voice and HSD services. Last month, we launched Lifeline phone service in New York State. Lifeline is a government-subsidized program that makes phone more affordable for eligible, lower-income consumers who could meaningfully -- and that could meaningfully expand our addressable market. And in the coming weeks, we plan to add a new usage-based tier of HSD service to our existing array of offerings. Customers will be able to choose a 30-gigabyte per month tier at a discount to the unlimited tier. Business services continues to perform exceptionally well, and I'm very excited to have Phil Meeks driving the business forward. I think I mentioned when we first hired Phil that during his 4-plus years at Cox business, he doubled the revenues of that business. Phil and his team are committed to doing even better at Time Warner Cable to more than double our business services revenue to roughly $5 billion over the next 4 to 5 years. Phil's vision for meeting that goal syncs up very well with the 3-pronged strategy we previously articulated. First, we'll continue to take share in the small business space, largely by connecting more buildings to our network and further developing our sales capabilities. Second, we're expanding our ability to serve medium-sized businesses and enterprise customers by leveraging our existing capabilities and expanding our product portfolio and sales channels. And third, we intend to build on the success we've already had in mining the significant wholesale opportunity in our footprint. In addition to driving the top line, the team is focused on standardizing and automating our various operational processes to start to reap the benefits of our increasing scale and expand operating margins over time. I think it's noteworthy and impressive that amid all of the many initiatives on the residential and business services sides of the company, the team completed the integration of the former Insight Communications systems in the second quarter, positioning us to realize the anticipated synergies a little ahead of schedule. So in summary, I'm pleased with what our team has accomplished over the last 6 months, and I'm confident that their efforts will drive real improvements in our financial results in the second half of the year, especially in Q4. And with that, I'll turn it over to Artie for his inaugural run through the quarterly financial results. Artie?
Arthur T. Minson: Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. Let me just start by spending a few moments on why I'm so excited to be back at Time Warner Cable. Put simply, Time Warner Cable is a great company, supported by unique physical infrastructure and a great business model. Those who know me know that I'm a huge fan of subscription-based businesses such as ours that generate solid and sustainable free cash flow. That strong free cash flow generation enables continued reinvestment in the business, while also allowing us to return cash to shareholders. Also, we have meaningful growth opportunities in areas such as business services where we have made significant progress over the last few years. My decision to come back was also about the people. Glenn and Rob have created a unique culture for a company our size. I applaud the fact that our employees are expected to continually challenge the status quo, and to be disruptive even if it means disrupting ourselves. We also have an environment where we are constantly pushing ourselves to improve our products and customer service. This makes for a very good place to work. And as Glenn likes to say, "Happy employees make for happy customers, and happy customers make for happy shareholders." Before I get into this quarter's financial results, I thought it would be helpful to give my perspective on a few fundamental principles. First, I'm a big believer in our balance sheet and capital allocation strategy. I was here when we set our balance sheet strategy 5 years ago when we announced the separation from Time Warner Inc. I firmly believe we have struck the right balance between ongoing access to capital and optimizing our overall cost of capital, consistent with our 3.25 leverage target and solid BBB rating. Second, I am completely in sync with the financial discipline Rob and Glenn have implemented. This discipline covers our overall capital deployment process, everything from how we view M&A opportunities, to how we maintain appropriate levels of reinvestment in the business, to overall cost management. One of the areas Rob has asked me to look at is our overall cost structure, and whether there are ways to be more efficient with our operating and annual capital spending. The company has made meaningful strides in reducing costs in certain areas, but there are other areas where we probably could be more efficient. We will have more to say on this over the next few quarters. Third, and one of the reasons I jumped at the chance to come back was that Glenn, Rob and I share the view that the financial organization should be a strategic business partner, well beyond balance sheet and cost management. For example, since I arrived, we have begun a number of projects, including working with our engineering and human resources organizations to refresh our long-term capital and people planning, to make sure we are allocating the right resources to the right opportunities. In addition, we are in the process of a data and analytics review with our information technology and marketing organizations to make sure we have the best data and analytics when we are making operating decisions, and we are working very closely with our residential and commercial organizations, as they value -- evaluate everything from new products, such as IntelligentHome, to continued expansion opportunities in business services to overall pricing and packaging strategies. After 90 days on the job, I remain very excited about the opportunities we have in the business and the role the finance organization can play in making these a reality. A few housekeeping items. We slightly changed the format of our earnings release this morning. Hopefully, you find the new format useful and we welcome feedback, so please share any thoughts you have with us. Also, as in the past, we have posted the earnings slides. Rather than walking through them in the call, instead, I will try to focus in on what I see as the important themes for the quarter and the rest of the year. I would start by saying we had a good quarter financially. Business services had another strong quarter. And on the residential side, a number of our revenue initiatives began to kick in and should accelerate in the back half of the year. We delivered very strong free cash flow of $1.4 billion, which gives us the confidence to raise full year free cash flow guidance to $2.5 billion. I will note that second quarter free cash flow was down approximately $92 million year-over-year, due in part to increases of $115 million in each of CapEx and cash taxes. The increase in cash taxes was primarily due to higher pre-tax book income, lower Insight tax benefits in 2013, and losses on Clearwire in 2012. The increase in CapEx is primarily a function of timing, and we continue to expect full year capital spending of around $3.2 billion. We continue to have strong EPS growth, as adjusted diluted EPS was up 14% or $1.69 via a combination of 7% adjusted net income growth, and an ongoing reduction in shares outstanding, as weighted average diluted shares were down 22 million shares year-over-year or 7%. In the second quarter, consistent with our capital allocation strategy and via buybacks and dividends, we returned $829 million to shareholders or 113% of free cash flow. We repurchased 6.6 million shares for $638 million, and through July, we have repurchased approximately 83 million shares at an average cost of around $78.50 per share since we began the program in November of 2010. Last week, we announced our Board of Directors replenished our repurchase program to $4 billion. We continue to expect that we will purchase at least $2.5 billion of stock this year. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately $23.5 billion of net debt for a leverage ratio of approximately 3x. Digging a little deeper into the financial results, revenue growth of 2.7% was driven by 22% growth in business services, as voice and wholesale transport revenues each grew over 35%. We continue to expect over 20% revenue growth for the full year in business services. On the residential side, revenues were up 0.3% for the quarter, with HSD revenues up 12.5% via a combination of HSD ARPU growth of 9% and volume up 3%. The ARPU growth was a combination of the modem lease fee, the doubling of Wideband subscribers to over 600,000 and continuing double-digit growth in Turbo subscribers. The growth in Wideband and Turbo subs is partly attributable to our new pricing architecture, which has made it easier for customers to pick the products that have the most value for them, which tends to be faster and faster speeds on the HSD product. On the video and voice side, revenues were down approximately 4%. The phone revenue decline was principally ARPU-driven, and the video revenue decrease was primarily volume-driven. As we have said in the past, there tends to be some noise in the product ARPU trends, as we allocate revenues in the bundle to individual products based on how the individual products are priced at that particular moment in time. That is why we tend to focus on the overall residential ARPU per customer relationship, which is up $1.29 year-over-year, and exceeded $105 for the first time in Q2. Adjusted OIBDA margin, as expected, eroded about 50 basis points year-over-year to 36.7%. A few items I will point to that are driving the margin erosion are: more than 300 basis points of video margin erosion; a $10 million severance charge in the quarter; and a $17 million year-over-year reduction in political advertising. I will point out that we did see 180 basis points of sequential margin expansion, as we had a $75 million sequential increase in revenue and a $50 million sequential reduction in operating expenses, principally due to the timing of RSN expenses and lower employee expenses due in part to lower payroll taxes and stock-based compensation expense and ongoing operating efficiencies. As we look to the back half of the year, there are a few items to keep in mind. We expect to see sequential adjusted OIBDA margin erosion from Q2 to Q3 similar to what we saw last year. That will be the result of higher programming costs, higher marketing expenses and lower ad sales due to reduced political advertising and growth in lower margin revenues associated with certain third-party ad rep deals. Our current expectation is for healthy sequential margin expansion from Q3 to Q4 due to high margin sequential revenue growth and ongoing cost efficiencies in areas such as residential phone. As a result, full year margin should be around 36%. On the revenue front, total revenues are up approximately 4.6% through June 30 on a reported basis and 2.9% on an organic basis. There's obviously a lot of play in the back half of the year on the revenue front, as we are currently in the middle of meaningful promotional roll-off activity, as well as HSD rate increases. We are encouraged by the early returns. Our current expectation for full year revenue is tracking to the low end of the 4% to 5% revenue growth guidance we gave at the beginning of the year. And on the EPS front, our current expectation is for adjusted diluted EPS growth to accelerate in the second half of the year and for full year growth to be at the high end of our 10% to 15% growth guidance range. With that, I'll turn it back over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Artie. Candy, we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the conference call. [Operator Instructions] First question, please?
Operator: Our first question is Jessica Reif Cohen of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: First, just on a personal note, I want to say best of luck to Glenn in your next chapter, and obviously, a hearty congratulations to Rob. So my 2-part 1 question is first on retrans. Obviously, these battles are getting louder and more bitter. I was just wondering if you could discuss your overall views. Are you prepared to break up the bundle? And if you're not, is it better to do longer-term deals rather than undergo these contentious battles constantly?
Glenn A. Britt: Okay. Jessica, I'll start, assuming that I can talk. I think the problem we have -- I'm going to give up. You do it.
Robert D. Marcus: Jessica, look, there's no question that the programming battles, generally, and retrans battles, specifically, have become more public and more publicly contentious. And that's not healthy for the industry. It's not healthy for our customers, most importantly. And we've continually referenced the fact that the real victim in all of this are the customers who get stuck in the middle. One of the things we've advocated historically is the notion of interim carriage pending resolution of these disputes, and that's certainly something that would alleviate the pressure on customers. As far as breaking up the bundle, we've always been big fans of providing customers with more choice, whether that specifically means one by one purchases of networks, I think remains to be seen. But I think that more flexibility around the big bundle is probably a healthy dynamic for the marketplace. The -- whether that's something that is regulatorily mandated or not, I think is yet a separate question.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And my other question is on HSD, the sub numbers were -- I don't even know how to say it. I mean, they were anemic. So is this a function of telco build-out? Or do you think it's a reaction to the price increases?
Robert D. Marcus: I think the HSD numbers are actually reflective of the overall approach to pricing on the front end, and what we've said is we've made a conscious choice between rate and volume here. It doesn't mean it's a forever choice, but we are always sort of playing with that balance of rate and volume, and it's really a reflection of the declining Triple Play connects. If you look at HSD-only customers, we actually added 90,000 HSD-onlys. Connect volume on HSD-onlys was actually pretty healthy, and I wouldn't lose track of the fact that, overall, HSD revenue growth was up 12.5% for the quarter. It's true that, that was largely on the back of ARPU improvement of 9-plus percent, but we did get some benefit from volume as well. So this is sort of not unexpected, given the approach to pricing and packaging. I would tell you that we're focused on whether there are ways within the confines of the approach we've taken to further enhance volume, and we hope to make that happen.
Operator: Next question, Vijay Jayant, International Strategy and Investment Group.
Vijay A. Jayant - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I have 2 questions. First, as you are still transitioning through some of your promotional challenges from last year, can you generally talk about the competitive landscape of how has that sort of changed and sort of address that on a geographic basis, too, Rob? And second...
Robert D. Marcus: I'm happy to do that, Vijay, and thank you. The -- I would generally say that the promotional environment continues to be pretty intense. There has been some differences across our geographies, and I would call that, in particular, the competition and the competitive dynamic in the Midwest, where U-verse, in particular, has been very aggressive on pricing. The net effect of that was that despite the fact that we have only about 1/4 of our total PSUs in the Midwest, I think the Midwest accounted for more than half of our total PSU net losses. So there's no question that the aggressive pricing in the Midwest had an impact. Needless to say, within the -- consistent with our overall pricing strategy, we've adjusted our pricing there to respond to the competitive dynamic, and we're expecting improved results in that region. Interestingly, in FiOS markets, we've actually fared relatively well with churn down in those markets. So I feel pretty good about the way we've competed there. So there are some differences. By and large, though, this was a function of lower connects across the board with the one exception being an increase in disconnects in the Midwest.
Vijay A. Jayant - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And if I could just -- I know you guys don't want to talk about M&A in general, but can you just talk about synergies, and one of the key synergies is programming cost savings, you guys know in your contracts. Is that a material change immediately if there was a transaction? Or are your contracts sort of exclude some of that, some of the content companies...
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, Vijay, this is something that is -- it's very case specific. So when we've done transactions in the past, and I'll take Insight, as a for instance. One of the benefits we got out of that transaction was that we were able to take the Insight properties and avail them of the benefit of our better programming costs, and that yielded a meaningful portion of the overall $100 million of run-rate synergy that we talked about at the time we did the deal. So whether or not synergies from programming cost improvement would exist in other transactions really depends on the programming cost that existed before the transaction, and then how the structure of the transaction affects, whether those programming costs could be realized by putting additional systems under our contracts or vice versa for that matter. In most cases, we have not talked about programming cost synergies emanating from simply being larger. In theory, of course, there could be some benefit from that as well.
Operator: Next question is Doug Mitchelson of Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So my question is for Rob, regarding these management changes. Do you intend to fill your current position, and how does the transition play out?
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, so Doug, thank you. The -- at this point, we have no announcements to make on additional personnel changes. What I would point out, though, is that, earlier in the year -- and we talked about this a little bit, I think on the Q4 call -- we instituted a management reorganization, which resulted in our naming 3 Chief Operating Officers, one for each of our main lines of business. So Bill Goetz is running our residential operation as Chief Operating Officer, Phil Meeks as Chief Operating Officer of business services, and Joan Gillman as Chief Operating Officer of media sales, and I would simply say that I feel completely confident in their abilities to lead those businesses. They're all very experienced, seasoned executives, and we're in very good hands.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple of clarification follow-ups. You've talked a lot about how much new connect ARPU has improved, and I think you gave some commentary last quarter. Is it increasing low single digit, mid-single digit, high single digit versus prior connects?
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. So I think I said in my prepared remarks that recurring revenue from new connects, generally, across all of the customer cohorts is up high single digits over last year. Within that, though, I would tell you that the video Single Play cohorts are actually increasing the least. And there are pretty significant like 20% increases in HSD-onlys and 15% plus increases in Triple Play. Video Internet Double Plays are also up fairly meaningfully.
Operator: Our next question is Richard Greenfield with BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions. One on performance relative to Comcast. Wondering when you think about the gap that has persisted, how much of that do you think is simply your relative scale? And then, second question, Artie mentioned at the start of his comments about your focus on the desire to disrupt yourself, if that was the best thing to build long-term value. And could you just maybe put that into the lens of how you're dealing with CBS? It seems like you had some pretty unique leverage in this retrans battle. Wondering why you chose to stop going dark once you started the process on Monday night into Tuesday morning?
Robert D. Marcus: Rich, I'm going to do them in reverse order. We're not going to comment publicly on the various machinations in our negotiations with CBS. I think I would simply say what we always say about programming negotiations, which is that we are very focused on ensuring that we obtain reasonable pricing for the programming that our customers value, so that we can ensure that they, in turn, can pay reasonable prices for those -- for our video services. So that's going to continue to guide our negotiations on that front, and we're not going to comment further on it. With respect to your question about Comcast performance, we've gone through great lengths to articulate our overall strategy, and I feel good about the progress we're making. I think there are some benefits on the cost side that definitely derive from scale, whether that's programming costs or some ability to defray other fixed costs, but I don't think there's anything beyond that. Artie, I don't know if you want to comment on it.
Arthur T. Minson: No, I think you covered it.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: Maybe just one other way of attacking it. When you look at the Adelphia and Insight acquisitions in totality, how much faster do you think you're growing because of those 2 acquisitions? Is there a meaningful benefit that you think you've seen from the acquisitions in terms of your overall year-over-year growth that you wouldn't have had if you hadn't made those acquisitions?
Arthur T. Minson: Rich, it's Artie. No, those are not at this point having a meaningful impact to the overall growth trajectory of the business.
Operator: Next question, Jason Armstrong, Goldman Sachs.
Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just, I guess, one question on leverage. A lot of the M&A chatter that, I think, you mentioned we've all read about as well, sort of centers on someone else's ability to use your balance sheet really against you. Again, I'm just wondering if this causes you to think differently about leverage, what you'd be comfortable with on the business and what sort of flexibility you have within investment grade.
Arthur T. Minson: Hey, it's Artie here. Let me take that one. But one of the things, I think, we've been very consistent about since we spun out from Time Warner is our overall balance sheet strategy with, really, a North Star leverage target of 3.25 and a solid investment grade rating, and just given, frankly, the absolute dollar value of debt we have, it's really important for us to keep that solid investment-grade rating and ongoing access to the capital market. So I think we feel we've met the right balance between leverage ratio and optimizing the cost of capital. And I think for right now, we're very comfortable.
Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And Artie, do you think you have any flexibility around the 3.25? What's current investment grade framework for you?
Arthur T. Minson: Right now, for us, what's really important is that solid BBB rating. It's something, as I said, it's really a North Star target for us. There have been times, obviously, when we spun out from Time Warner, we were above and we came down quickly. If something opportunistic came up, we would look at it, but really, the North Star is the 3.25 and solid BBB rating.
Operator: Next question, Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Rob, you gave some comments at the beginning of the conversation about what you're seeing sort of under the hood on the promotional side, but obviously, as you can imagine, from the external numbers, it's a bit tougher for us to see those. I wanted to see if you would comment. When you think about ARPU and the ARPU trends you're seeing, how do those compared to the $105 you called out for residential customer ARPU? And I'd assume the year-over-year numbers are really good on a new connect front, but if you put that into context with the overall business, it would be helpful. And along the same lines, on volume, given what you're seeing with connect trends being down as you've lapped these promotions, do you have sort of line of sight to PSU, overall PSU adds? Is that something you think you can get to by Q4 or into next year? Or is it too cloudy at this point still to be that precise?
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, on the second, let me answer the second one first, Ben. The improvement we hope to see in the back half of the year really relates to continued improvement in churn. Given that -- given the pricing approach, I would expect that year-over-year connect volume will continue to be lower than last year. I'm not sure I follow the first question. Are you looking for something beyond what I've shared with you in terms of revenue per new connect?
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Well, you mentioned the high growth rates on ARPU per new connect versus last year, but last year, you were promoting pretty aggressively. So it's hard to know on an absolute basis if that -- how accretive that is to your overall ARPU.
Robert D. Marcus: Relative to average?
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes, something like that.
Robert D. Marcus: Okay, so I think it's fair to say that generally speaking, the new connect revenue is still slightly below the average for the relevant cohorts. So in other words, new connects for Triple Plays is still below the Triple Play average. But it would be pretty surprising if that weren't the case, given that we're still promoting to generate new connects just at, by and large, higher levels than we were before.
Arthur T. Minson: And the only thing I would add is that the impact of the new subs on the overall ARPU is there's only about 10% of the subs in the new pricing architecture. So while it's having a meaningful impact on the new connect performance, it takes a little bit of time to make its way through the overall ARPU...
Robert D. Marcus: I guess, finally, just to close out on this one, one of the trends that we're very pleased with is that the gap between revenue associated with new connects and revenue associated with disconnects is shrinking, and that's a very positive dynamic as it relates to overall ARPU.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Right. And Artie, would you have a cash tax number for the year or cash tax rate? It's running quite a bit lower than we thought, at least for the first half.
Arthur T. Minson: Yes. Let me give you a little bit of color on that. We, as you know, we have book provision of about -- we're really in the 39%, 40% range. But on the cash tax front, we're getting benefits from still, the Adelphia step-up, Insight NOL. So as a result, cash taxes for the year will probably be in the range of $600 million to $700 million. That will ultimately depend on whether or not we make a pension contribution for the year, but that's about the range we're looking at.
Operator: Next question, Craig Moffett, Moffett Research.
Craig Moffett - Moffett Research, LLC: First, let me just join the chorus and say congratulations on a really extraordinary career, Glenn, and I think the whole industry owes you a tremendous debt of gratitude for all the things you've accomplished over your career. And congratulations to Artie and to Rob as well. I'm going to try to squeeze in 2 questions, if I could. One, you talked about M&A a little bit from the side of a potential acquiree. Can you talk about whether your view on being an acquirer has changed at all, and under what circumstances you would consider trying to get bigger by making acquisitions rather than being a target of one? And then, secondly, if you could just talk about how your thinking on WiFi has evolved, and whether you see an opportunity to try to do a WiFi first wireless service.
Robert D. Marcus: Craig, on M&A, generally, I actually think whether we're talking about acquiring, being acquired, combining in some other way, the mindset is pretty much the same for us, and it's really about the creation of value for our shareholders. I've articulated our philosophy on this many times, but it's really all about whether the use of financial capacity towards acquiring a company is the highest and best use of our financial capacity. So can we create value by managing the property better than the owners who currently operate it? And can we negotiate deals that enable us to capture that value for our shareholders? That's sort of threshold number one, and then, can we -- on a tax-effective, synergized, gross-adjusted basis, acquire the assets at a multiple that's attractive relative to the basis on which we could acquire our own shares? And by and large, in the past, the latter has been more attractive than the former, and that's the way we've dedicated our financial capacity. I don't see any reason to change that philosophy. We still buy in completely. On WiFi, we're continuing to deploy WiFi aggressively. Last year's focus was primarily in Los Angeles. This year, we've turned our attention, not exclusively, but primarily to New York City. We made some great inroads there recently, and we've -- we actually have lit up somewhere -- a couple of thousand towers in New York City over the last month or so, and we continue to be very excited about that as a value-added feature for our high-speed data customers. Whether or not we would use WiFi with a, let's say, an MVNO backup as an overall wireless service, I think we haven't come to a conclusion on that yet. We continue to be partnered with Verizon Wireless, and we're each selling each other's services, and we're comfortable with that approach for the time being.
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Could I try to squeeze in a follow-up to your commentary about M&A, if I could? Just -- you talked about the litmus test of buying back your own shares. Is it fair to say, given the fact that you're still buying back shares, that you see the current valuation as undervalued even with the appreciation in the recent weeks?
Robert D. Marcus: I think the fact that we're buying back shares speaks for itself, but I'll let Artie speak to that further.
Arthur T. Minson: Yes, Craig. Obviously, we've re-upped the repurchase program last week, and as Rob indicated, we wouldn't be announcing a reauthorization if we weren't going to be in the market. We've bought back about $1.3 billion to date and reaffirmed the $2.5 billion target for the year in repurchases. So obviously, the intent is to be in the market, and we would only be so if we saw that as value creating.
Operator: Next question is Jason Bazinet, Citi.
Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I think you guys have been a bit more aggressive in terms of launching apps that allow consumers to get access to your linear feed on non-TWC set-top boxes. And I think you mentioned there's been maybe 5 million uses, I think, was the number that you cited. My question is, are you seeing any evidence in these early days of people returning their TWC set-top box or is there -- are there early indications that people are just using this as a complement to the CPE that they have in the home today?
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. At this point, our perception is that this is a complement to the existing service, and over time, our expectation, especially as we start enabling devices that are more akin to a traditional set-top box, Roku being an example and the Smart -- certainly the Samsung Smart TVs being an example, it's conceivable that set-top boxes will be replaced. But at this point, since most of the activity has been on what are, by their nature, companion devices, meaning iPads and iPhones and Android smartphones, it's been mostly complementary usage as opposed to replacement usage.
Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Is your explicit goal with this strategy just to give the consumer flexibility? Or is it more about trying to reduce the capital intensity of the business you've [indiscernible]
Robert D. Marcus: It is all about giving customers choice to consume our video offering the way that they like to consume it. A by-product of that may turn out to be that customers buy their own CPE and there is a concomitant reduction in our capital, but the primary objective is customer flexibility and choice.
Operator: Next question is Phil Cusick, JP Morgan.
Philip Cusick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I know we're out of the business of giving quarter-to-quarter guidance, but I want to range expectations a little bit for 3Q. You talk about churn coming down in the second half and especially in the fourth quarter, but I'm trying to figure out, can that come down enough in the third quarter that we can start to see at least an improvement in the year-over-year trend, if not better numbers year-over-year? Or should we be looking for a weaker number again for 3Q on subs?
Arthur T. Minson: Yes, it's Artie here. So let me give you a little bit. We're not going to go into the business of sort of quarterly subscription guidance, which I think is where you were potentially going. As it relates to financial guidance, I think we gave you a little bit of color on the call. In terms of that, the back half of the year, the growth rate, particularly in Q4, you're going to see an improvement in the OIBDA growth rate. You will see, as it relates to margins, you'll see margins come down a bit in Q2 to Q3. And you will see sequential margin improvement from Q3 to Q4 with our expectation that margins will actually be up year-over-year in Q4. How we get there will really be on the revenue front. We will be -- obviously, we're working through rate increases now and promotional roll-offs, and we'll continue to be very focused on the cost side and taking out costs via operating efficiencies. So that's a little bit of the financial picture, and I think on the subscriber front, we'll leave it at that.
Philip Cusick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: If I can try one that maybe has a little more likelihood, Artie, as you come in, as you look at the business, is there a focus on sort of operation, OpEx improvements away from programming costs you really think could be taken over the next couple of years?
Arthur T. Minson: What we're doing is we're doing a full review of expenses, and I'll give you a little bit of context. We spend about $14 billion in OpEx, and this year, about $3.2 billion of capital. And we're going through and sort of chunking it into its various pieces. Obviously, you pointed out programming which is a big piece on the cost of revenue side. And when we're done with this sort of phone migration of taking phone in-house, my feel, actually, we're pretty tight on the cost of revenue side. Where we've been looking at potential opportunities, if we look at places where we've been seeing a little bit of margin erosion, it's on the SG&A side. And so there's some areas there where we think we could be a little bit tighter. Now there's reasons why in some areas, on the SG&A side, expenses have gone up. We've invested, obviously, in salespeople to drive the overall business services revenue, but that is an area, where we look at opportunities, that's one we will be focused on. And obviously, when we get into the capital spending, I think that's going to be more about are we allocating the overall magnum of spend to the right projects? And I'd rather focus on really just making sure the right projects are being funded than change in overall CapEx funding levels.
Operator: Next question, Amy Yong, Macquarie.
Amy Yong - Macquarie Research: I actually have a question on the Dodgers. Can you talk about the financial impact to margins for 2014? And I guess, in your early discussions with MVPD, can you talk about the level of interest on the pricing side and the programming?
Robert D. Marcus: So Amy, it's early to talk about the Dodgers. We haven't yet begun the process of seeking affiliation agreements. So it's just too early to start giving any sort of sense of the financial impact for 2014. Based on our experience with the Lakers RSN, we know that most of the action happened very close to the launch date of the networks. So I can't give you either financials or reactions from distributors quite yet.
Amy Yong - Macquarie Research: Okay. Can you talk about, I guess, your market share gains in LA, given WiFi and LA Lakers? And what you think the impact of the Dodgers is going to have? I guess it would be intangible?
Robert D. Marcus: Let's talk about what the objective of doing the Lakers deal was, just to put it in context. We had a choice between acquiring product that included the Lakers games from third-party RSNs or doing a deal directly with the Lakers to acquire that product to include in our video offering. And we concluded that the structure of doing a deal directly with the Lakers was economically preferable to the alternative of acquiring that product through a third-party RSN, both in terms of near-term cost, but also -- net cost, but also in terms of the predictability of the access to that programming on a long-term basis. We were going -- very likely to carry Lakers games either way. And it is also the case that we don't carry them exclusively and wouldn't carry them exclusively if a third-party owned them. So no impact on market share from that. It was entirely premised on an evaluation of relative costs. I think it's fair to say that there is some overall branding impact benefit that we get from our association with the Lakers RSN, with an iconic brand in the LA market, but it's very difficult to connect that with specific market share gains. With respect to WiFi, also, I think the early evidence we have is that our customers who do use WiFi hotspots tend to churn less than customers who do not use WiFi hotspots. I hesitate to call that cause-and-effect, although the correlation is pronounced. And intuitively, we think that level of value-add is going to make our HSD product more attractive than the alternative. So we're going to continue to invest in that and other markets. But again, I wouldn't point to a specific market share that emanates from that investment.
Operator: John Hodulik from UBS.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Maybe back to some of these -- the volume trends. First, Rob, have you seen any change in AT&T's stance regarding U-verse in the Midwest there? Then you had mentioned a couple of initiatives that could help drive some of the RGUs, both the Lifeline service on the voice side and maybe the 30-gigabyte tier on the data side. I mean, can you talk a little bit about how those get rolled out? And whether, in fact, you think that those 2 initiatives will have an impact on the second-half trends?
Robert D. Marcus: Okay, U-verse, I wouldn't call it a pronounced change during the quarter. Throughout the quarter, U-verse was pretty aggressive with a beacon price of $79 for their Triple Play and $49 for their Double Play. I would characterize those as aggressive promotional prices, and they had an impact. I would say that the impact was more pronounced as the quarter wore on. We've now responded to that in the market, and I expect that our relative performance should improve there. With respect to the new tiers of service, both are designed to really further segment the marketplace and ensure that we have the right products for a broader spectrum of customers. So I think that the Lifeline product, and to be clear, we've only just launched it in New York State. There are regulatory hurdles that one needs to go through in order to launch that service. So we're good to go in New York State. It should allow us to tap into a group of customers who are otherwise priced out of the market or were forced to get their voice product from some of our competitors who had a Lifeline offering. So I do think there's some interesting potential there. And as we roll it out to a broader portion of our footprint, I would hope it would have a pronounced impact on our phone connects. As far as the usage-based tier, the 30-gigabyte tier, again, I think it adds another opportunity for customers to better match our value proposition with their particular needs. So at least, in theory, the reason we're doing it is we think we can attract yet another point along the demand curve of customers.
Tom Robey: Candy, I think that's probably all we have time for this morning. Thanks, everyone, for joining us. And to give you a little advance notice, Time Warner Cable's next quarterly earnings conference call, which will reflect our third quarter 2013 results, will be held on Thursday, October 31, 2013, at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. Thanks, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. That does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tom Robey Glenn A. Britt - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert D. Marcus - President and Chief Operating Officer Irene M. Esteves - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Michael McCormack - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division John C. Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Bryan D. Kraft - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Philip Cusick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Christopher Lo Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Vijay A. Jayant - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Time Warner Cable First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the call over to Mr. Tom Robey, Senior Vice President of Time Warner Cable Investor Relations.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Candy, and good morning, everyone, welcome to Time Warner Cable's 2013 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This morning, we issued a press release detailing our 2013 first quarter results. Before we begin, there are a couple items I want to cover. First, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures. Definitions and schedules setting out reconciliations of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release and trending schedules. Second, today's announcement includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs, and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements herein due to various factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings. Time Warner Cable is under no obligation to, and in fact, expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. And finally, today's press release, trending schedules, presentation slide and related reconciliation schedules are available on our website at twc.com/investors. With that covered, I'll thank you and turn the call over to Glenn. Glenn?
Glenn A. Britt: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, and thanks for joining us. The first quarter came in pretty much as we had expected. Business Services had another great quarter, growing 25% year-over-year, and that's the 12th consecutive quarter of growth over 20%. As Rob will describe in a few minutes, we're executing on our residential revitalization plan, and we've begun to see better new connect ARPU trends and better retention rates. In our quest for the efficient frontier of rate versus volume, we over-rotated last year and paid for volume. Our new pricing architecture is designed to strike a better balance between rate and volume. It's based on a simple premise: Sell people what they want and what they can afford in the first place. Further, our team has gotten a lot more sophisticated in managing churn, and I think we're just beginning to see the benefits of that. Bottom line, we expect these improvements to drive better revenue and adjusted OIBDA growth later in the year and into 2014. One of the factors driving my continued enthusiasm about the business is our One TWC management structure, which we announced in January. We've now established the right structure and the right management team for today's business. Bill Goetz and his team are beginning to transform the residential business, and we're thrilled to have Phil Meeks take the lead of an already very capable team in Business Services. Joan Gillman continues to do a great job running our ad sales business. And all of these groups are supported by Mike LaJoie, our CTO, who runs the IT, technology and network operations organization. This new structure is the culmination of an organizational transition that began more than 5 years ago. I expect it to position us well for the foreseeable future, and I'm confident that this team will execute well to the benefit of our customers, employees and shareholders. In addition to the investments we're making in the organization, we're reinventing and enhancing our products. I'll single out just a few to mention. First, we're testing our cloud-based guide and the newest set-top box in employees' homes, and they look really good. This quarter, we released our video app for Roku boxes, and we're talking to other CE companies about similar capabilities. Just last week we began to deliver on the vision of TV Everywhere, launching out-of-home access to select content on our iPad and iPhone apps. And together with other MSOs, we now have more than 100,000 WiFi access points available to our broadband customers at no extra charge. This is already the largest WiFi network in the country, and it's growing rapidly. It's early days for all these developments, but I'm excited about the potential to improve and expand our ability to help customers enjoy better. So with that, let's turn it over to Rob.
Robert D. Marcus: Thanks, Glenn, and good morning, everyone. I'm going to focus most of my comments this morning on the residential business because we're executing on a number of initiatives there that are starting to deliver some very encouraging results. Then I'll briefly hit on Business Services before turning the mic over to Irene for an analysis of the financial results. At an investor conference in early March, I spoke about our plan for driving better performance in our residential business. We've now been at it for several months, we're executing well, and though it's early days, we're starting to see the desired results. The plan has 4 interrelated components: the first is to get, grow and keep customers at higher ARPU and profitability; the second is to improve reliability and customer service; the third is to ensure that our products are world-class; and the final piece is to improve the overall efficiency of our operation to facilitate our delivering a better customer experience and to reduce costs. So let's drill down on each piece. The first element of the plan is to get, grow and keep customers at higher ARPU and profitability. As I mentioned on the last earnings call, we implemented a new pricing and packaging architecture in January that's designed to drive greater connect ARPU and profit. It should also generate customers who will be less likely to churn. We still advertise the same beacon prices, but the product packages are leaner, lower speeds and fewer channels and features. Once our beacon offers get the phone to ring, our inbound sales reps are trained to help customers select options that are important to them, like faster broadband or DVR. As a result, customers are up-sold into packages that better meet their needs. We're trading connect volume for better rate and retention here, meaning that we're seeking to connect higher-ARPU, more profitable, more stable subs even if that means fewer connects in the near term. The result of this approach, as you can see on Slide 3, was that Q1 subscriber net adds were down year-over-year. Last year's aggressive Triple Play offers drove significant Triple Play connect volume, which led to the highest quarterly subscriber net adds we've had over the last several years. But in large part, we were attracting discount seekers who are more likely to churn quickly. In many cases, we caused customers who didn't need or want phone to take a Triple Play offer just to get the low Triple Play rates. Our approach in Q1 of this year was quite different. By designing packages that better match customer needs, we drove more single and Double Play connects and many fewer triples. This resulted in a year-over-year decline in PSUs, especially phone, but not necessarily a decline in the amount of money a given new connect might spend with us. Many customers chose not to take phone but instead, spent their money on incremental Internet speed and other ancillaries. That's good for us and good for our customers, but these products don't count as incremental PSUs. That's probably more of a commentary on the industry reporting practices than on the health of the business. We're still working through the overhang of last year's less stable connects and have not yet seen the benefit of the more stable subs we've begun to attract. So Q1 disconnects remained fairly high. Stating the obvious, the result of lower connects and still high disconnects was a decline in Q1 net adds. The good news is that with the new approach to pricing and packaging, we've been driving real improvement in revenue per new customer connect across each of the main customer cohorts: triples, video Internet doubles, Internet singles and video singles. The year-over-year increase in revenue per new connect for doubles and triples is in the range of 15% to 20%. This improvement in revenue per new connect has started to positively impact overall ARPU per residential customer relationship. As shown on Slide 4, ARPU per customer relationship growth accelerated each month as the quarter progressed. And despite the year-over-year declines in connect volume, aggregate new connect revenue, meaning the product of new connects times revenue per new connect, actually increased over last year's Q1. And because customers chose higher-margin features like faster Internet speeds instead of phone, our aggregate gross profit from new connects increased as well. So we're really pleased that with respect to 2 key objectives of the new approach to subscriber acquisition, higher ARPU and higher profitability, we seem to be on track. As for our goal of creating a more stable customer base, it's going to take some time for the new pricing and packaging architecture to deliver results. In the meantime, we are actively seeking to reduce churn through other means, even while we work our way through the overhang created by the churning customers we brought on over the last year. We've established 4 dedicated retention centers staffed with specialized reps that we are retraining in more sophisticated retention methods and arming with new tools and processes, and we're doing a better job routing customers who are likely to disconnect to these retention specialists. Slide 5 shows the early results. We've been able to increase the save rate by 4 percentage points on average across our 4 retention centers, and importantly, our reps have been able to retain more customers even as they reduce their reliance on heavy discounting. Our early experience suggest that these results get even better over time. In addition, we're implementing a number of measures to address 2 specific sources of disconnects: non-paid churn among last year's promotional subs and churn of those same subs when they roll off introductory pricing. We expect these to help us further reduce churn later this year. We continue to be equally focused on the second element of the plan, to improve reliability and customer service. We are implementing a comprehensive plan to improve customer service, streamline product delivery and take overall reliability to a higher level. You'll hear more about this in the coming quarters, but suffice it to say that there's a lot going on here ranging from enhanced customer education to various programs to improve first-call resolution and reduce unnecessary truck rolls. The third dimension of the plan is to ensure that our products are world-class. Couple of developments are noteworthy. The cloud-based guide looks absolutely great and will offer state-of-the-art features like rich box art, value-added metadata and robust search, as well as customized recommendations. Most exciting to me is that the new platform is really flexible, so updates, modifications and add-ons can be executed rapidly and without interrupting customers. As Glenn mentioned, it's in testing in employee homes right now, and we're looking forward to launching it to customers later this year. I'm also very excited that we again have extended the functionality of our TWC TV family of apps. Last month, we released an app for Roku boxes, enabling customers to enjoy TV better. We're hopeful that Roku is the first of many such devices. And just last week, we launched our latest version of the TWC TV app for iOS, which allows iPad and iPhone customers to view a subset of the TWC TV live, linear and VOD content when they're out of the home. That's a capability that customers have been craving since the release of the first version of the TWC TV app back in March of 2011. We expect to continually expand out-of-home functionality to include more content and be available on more devices. And the fourth element of the plan, to improve operating efficiency, is well underway. Irene will touch on some of the progress we're making in taking costs out of the business. So overall, I'm pleased with the progress we're making in residential. Switching to Business Services. As I've been saying for some time now, Business Services is an increasingly important part of the Time Warner Cable story. We've now delivered a dozen straight quarters of 20%-plus year-over-year organic Business Services revenue growth. We continue to gain share in the small and very small business space, and we're making good inroads into serving midsized business customers with multiple locations. These customers tend to have more sophisticated telecom needs and buy higher-end products like dedicated Internet access with symmetrical speeds as high as 10 gigabits per second and network solutions like Metro Ethernet. We're also enjoying continued success with carriers, selling them cell tower backhaul and other wholesale transport solutions. The really exciting part is that we're still just scratching the surface. With trailing 12-month revenues of $2 billion, we're still at just 10% of what we think is a roughly $20 billion total market opportunity in our footprint. And to ensure that we can continue to drive really strong results, we're thrilled to have Phil Meeks joining us as Chief Operating Officer of Business Services. Phil is a proven leader in the commercial telecom industry, with a unique combination of telecom and cable business services experience. I couldn't be more excited to work with Phil to further capitalize on the Business Services opportunity. So in summary, we're making great strides to stabilize and improve our residential operations. Business Services continues to perform extremely well, and the organizational changes we announced in January are already providing real benefits in operations. Thank you, and with that, I'll turn it over to Irene to discuss our financials.
Irene M. Esteves: Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with some first quarter highlights on Slide 6. In the first quarter, we grew revenues 6.6% and drove adjusted diluted EPS growth of 8.5%. We also increased the amount of capital we returned to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases by over 60% from the first quarter of 2012 to $855 million. And over the last 2-plus years since we introduced our share repurchase program, we've returned over 110% of free cash flow in total returns to shareholders, and we're on track to meet our full year guidance. Let's go over the drivers of our revenue growth on the next slide. First quarter revenue growth of 6.6% was driven primarily by 2 additional months of revenue from Insight, higher residential HSD and Business Services revenue and revenue from the L.A. RSNs that was partially offset by a decline in residential video revenue. We continue to expect full year 2013 revenue growth in the 4% to 5% range. Let's take a closer look at Business Services, where revenue was up 25% or $108 million. Excluding $12 million of revenue from 2 additional months of Insight, Business Services revenue grew over 22%. That's our 12th consecutive quarter of at least 20% organic growth. And drilling down, these are the 3 largest drivers of the $96 million of organic growth: first, we drove HSD up 20% or $42 million. About half that growth came from shared Internet access and $18 million of growth came from dedicated Internet access and Metro E, which are sold to our larger customers; second, we posted a 49% increase in phone based on continued subscriber growth; and third, we grew wholesale transport revenue by 32%, mostly due to a $9 million or 25% increase in cell tower backhaul to $45 million. At the end of the first quarter, we had roughly 9,800 towers in service and a meaningful backlog under contract. We continue to invest in this growth opportunity and still expect these investments to drive 2013 total business services revenue growth in the 20% to 25% range. On Slide 9, advertising was up 8% in the quarter, driven by an increase in ad inventory sold on behalf of other video distributors and 2 additional months of Insight. Turning to Slide 10, first quarter total operating expense grew 9.3%, which is largely driven by 2 additional months of Insight and the L.A. RSN costs, coupled with higher programming costs and increased employee costs, including our sales force expansion in Business Services. Adjusted OIBDA increased 2.1% for the first quarter compared to last year. We still expect to see full year adjusted OIBDA margin contraction of 50 to 100 basis points. But as we highlighted last quarter, the margin pressure is greatest in Q1. Given the build and operational improvements we are making and better comparables to the L.A. RSNs, we expect the adjusted OIBDA growth to accelerate in the second half of the year. As Glenn mentioned, we are very excited about our new company structure, one that allows us to be aligned in our objectives from top to bottom and ensure consistency across the company. Through restructuring, we have eliminated over 500 positions in areas such as finance, marketing and human resources and incurred $25 million of employee severance costs. These actions should deliver run rate savings of roughly double that amount. In addition, we continue to redesign our processes and tools in other areas like customer care and technical operations to improve both the customer experience and our long-term cost structure. We move on to Slide 11. Operating income increased 1.7% to $1.1 billion in the first quarter, reflecting higher adjusted OIBDA and a decrease in merger-related and restructuring costs, partially offset by increases in depreciation and amortization. Higher D&A from Insight was partially offset by lower depreciation related to the roll-off of certain Adelphia and Comcast assets. We incurred $31 million of merger-related and restructuring costs in the quarter compared to $45 million in the first quarter of 2012, which included costs associated with the acquisition of Insight. We expect to incur some additional restructuring costs during 2013 as we continue our transformation to a more effective and efficient structure. Turning to the next slide. First quarter diluted EPS was $1.34, and adjusted diluted EPS increased 8.5% to $1.41. This excludes a couple of items affecting comparability, including $0.06 of restructuring costs. We still expect to deliver 10% to 15% adjusted diluted EPS growth for 2013. Capital expenditures totaled $770 million during the first quarter or 14.1% of revenue. We spent more in Business Services, where capital intensity was higher, at 29.6%, while residential, advertising and other capital spending as a percent of revenue declined slightly to 12.4%. And we still expect full year capital spending around $3.2 billion in 2013. Moving on to free cash flow on Slide 14. We generated $661 million of free cash flow in the quarter. Since we don't make federal income tax payments during the first quarter, there's no bonus depreciation impact. Free cash flow was down $57 million or 8%, as higher CapEx and working capital requirements more than offset an increase in adjusted OIBDA. For the full year 2013, we still expect total free cash flow to be around $2.3 billion. And let's move on to our capital return slide. In the first quarter, we returned almost 130% of free cash flow or $855 million in total to shareholders, $195 million in dividends and $660 million in share repurchases. The dividend payment reflects the 16% increase in the dividend per share that we announced last quarter, and this was the fourth consecutive quarter that we increased the pace of repurchases. We increased it by 16% compared to Q4 '12 and by 87% versus a year ago. Our reported leverage ratio is 3x our last 12 months adjusted OIBDA, and including the normal adjustments, our leverage ratio is closer to our target. Looking back over the last 2-plus years since we introduced our first share repurchase program, we have returned over 110% of free cash flow in total returns to shareholders. And we expect to continue that we will repurchase at least $2.5 billion of shares in 2013, assuming the absence of significant acquisitions or other strategic events. So in summary, we're executing on our operational initiatives and building towards 2014. We're generating a lot of cash, and we've returned that cash to shareholders at a growing pace, while still investing in our future growth. Thank you, and with that, I'll turn it over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call.
Tom Robey: Great. Thanks, Irene. Candy, we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. [Operator Instructions] First question, please.
Operator: First question is Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I'll ask my one question, which is, Rob, a few years back before the Insight deal, you laid out for us how you think about acquisitions versus buybacks, thinking about different sort of free cash flow multiples and accretion, et cetera. But it's been a while, I was wondering if you could come back and talk about how the company thinks about M&A versus share repurchases, particularly given the strength in the industry seems to be clearly in commercial and I could see some strategic opportunities in that space. And at the same time, on the residential side, we have a mature industry, and so there may be some opportunities on the residential front as well. So any color and update you could give us on your thought process of the company there would be helpful.
Robert D. Marcus: Sure. Why don't I start. I think you're referring back to a time when I was actually sitting in the CFO chair. So I'll start and let Irene chime in as appropriate. But our philosophy really hasn't changed at all. We remain a disciplined participant in M&A. And what I've always said is that especially in the world of cable M&A, where the assets we'd be buying are largely similar to assets we already have, the buyback program actually sets a very healthy benchmark against which we can evaluate a given opportunity. So when we look at an M&A opportunity, and this is all sort of in the hypothetical because there's nothing specific to talk about right now, when we look at a particular M&A opportunity, we kind of look at the price on a synergized, growth-adjusted, tax-effective free cash flow multiple basis and compare that to a similar multiple at which we could buy back our own shares. And it's pretty formulaic in the sense that if buying back our own shares presents a more attractive opportunity on that basis, that's what we're going to do. And by and large, that's the path we've taken over the last several years, but for the Insight acquisition, which met that hurdle. As far as opportunities outside of what I would describe as traditional cable, we tend to look at everything. The bar is equally high for those opportunities. The calculation is a little bit more complicated in that the growth profile and capital intensity and other attributes of those businesses might be a little bit different from simply buying back our own shares. But the essential financial analysis is the same. So I think the short answer is nothing's changed since last time we've talked about it despite the passage of time.
Irene M. Esteves: And I'd say the same thing and back up Rob's comments. As far as our -- the most important thing is the discipline we've shown and the rigor around the analytics of an acquisition. We don't feel we need to get bigger, so there's not a burning need just to get larger. So it strictly gets down to the price negotiation and can we bring it on into our business, make the synergistic benefits so that the returns accrue to our shareholders and if we can return a nice ROI to our shareholders, we would do the acquisition. If we can't, then we'll end up with excess capital, and we return that to shareholders.
Operator: Next question, Mike McCormack, Nomura Securities.
Michael McCormack - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Maybe just a couple comments regarding the subscriber behavior. We've been hearing a lot about subs sort of coming off promo across the industry and looking for other opportunities. And you guys have obviously pointed that out as well, but the value seekers that you're talking about, where are they going? What's the substitute for your product?
Robert D. Marcus: By and large, when we're talking about Triple Play disconnects, they are going to our telco competitors. When we're talking about single-play video disconnects, they, by and large, leave us for satellite. Those are not 100% numbers, but the preponderance of subs go that way. And in the video-only -- in a lot of these categories, we're increasingly finding that phone customers are dropping landline phone for wireless-only, and there are video customers who are leaving -- and HSD customers for that matter, who are leaving the category. And that's probably more of an affordability issue than anything else.
Michael McCormack - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: How much room, Rob, do you have to move on the voice pricing? Because it seems like you've got a pretty wide margin there to play with price if you wanted to.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, we've talked a lot about the cost structure on voice and the fact that we're -- we've been improving that as we migrate subs away from the Sprint relationship and on to our own platform. So clearly, assuming we're solving for a given margin, which is not exactly the way the world works, there is flexibility here if we see fit to use price as a mechanism to optimize overall profitability. There's one other product set that's probably worth talking about on the phone side. In addition to enhancing the features of our existing phone product with things like VoiceZone and a product we have that's in the development phase called softphone, which I can come back to, we're also trying to expand the universe of potential phone customers by offering subsidized lifeline phone, which is a product the telcos have offered for quite some time. We're filing in a number of states to actually take advantage of those subsidies. So it's possible that we can expand the potential universe of phone customers with that.
Operator: Next question is John Hodulik, UBS.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Maybe just a quick question on the competitive environment. AT&T and Verizon both had some stronger-than-expected numbers in their upgraded markets. Are you seeing any change in behavior from either of those carriers that is helping them win share from you guys, Rob?
Robert D. Marcus: They both continue to be pretty aggressive on the promotion side. What we experienced in Q1 was that AT&T decreased the price of both their triple and their double and increased the speeds in their core package somewhat, so they've been fairly aggressive. FiOS, for its part, actually increased the speeds in its core bundle. They, in some markets and for some periods of time, actually increased the price. But I would say essentially more of the same. The good news story is that we actually experienced a modest improvement in churn in FiOS markets this quarter, still higher than non-FiOS and non-U-verse markets, but an improvement nonetheless, so I view that as encouraging.
Operator: Next question is Rich Greenfield of BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: Just wanted to get a sense when -- you clearly have a superior data product. Your speeds can be well, well above where your peers are, yet there still seems like -- first of all, your data adds are down year-over-year and especially from 2 years ago, continue to trail down despite more -- with the acquisition. And I guess just when you look at the data business and then you combine the video business, it would seem like the data business not only should be growing faster just because you have something that everybody wants, which is broadband. But it seems like it should be dragging the video business along. I guess what we can't figure out is why are people taking -- or staying with satellite with DSL? There's millions of people that have satellite with DSL in your markets or even those that have U-verse. And I guess just what do you think is the thing that is stopping a far greater transition from those subscribers over to your platform?
Robert D. Marcus: Rich, hard to answer the question, "Why not faster?" I'm actually fairly pleased with the performance of our HSD business. The net adds this quarter were solid. We're -- the comp of last year's first quarter is a tough one. We had -- we were very aggressive in our HSD-only promotions, not to mention our Triple Play promotions in Q1 of last year. So the year-over-year comp, I don't necessarily think is a fair indicator of the performance of the business. The mix in HSD continues to be terrific, more than 100% of our net adds in Q1 were actually in Wideband or Turbo offers, with an increasing portion of that group in the highest speed tier, which is ranges from 50 by 5 in some markets to as much as 100 by 5 in others. The ARPU per HSD sub, and I know I always counsel against using product line ARPUs, but for what it's worth, the HSD ARPU improvement was pretty close to 10% year-over-year. So all in all, I feel very good about the performance of the HSD business. Could it grow even faster? I like to think so, and we're going to continue to explore ways to make that happen. To your point about HSD subs dragging along video, one of the things that we've focused on is approaching both video single plays and trying to sell them high-speed data. But also high-speed-data-only is trying to sell them video, which is the point you're focused on. And the number of HSD-onlys to HSD video doubles, that migration pattern was actually up year-over-year. So that's a good sign as well. So hard to answer why not faster, but we're diligently trying to improve the HSD business even further. But overall, I'm happy.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: Do you have a sense of how many people take satellite with DSL in your footprint, as well as satellite with Time Warner Cable in your footprint?
Robert D. Marcus: So the -- of our HSD-only customers, so there's about 2.3 million or 2.4 million of those. The lion's share of them that do take a video product takes satellite. Of the -- I think we have 3.2 million video-only customers, that's kind of a mixed bag as to where they get their HSD.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: Got it. But it's certainly a significant number take non-Time Warner HSD?
Robert D. Marcus: Yes.
Operator: Next question is Jessica Reif Cohen, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, how do I ask my one question as a 2-parter? So I guess, 2 topics, one is I'd love to get your comments on Google Fiber now that they're going into a second one of your markets. What are you actually seeing on -- what are your expectations? It's hard to believe that they're going to fully build out across the country. And the second question is I just want to go back to this churn issue -- I'm sorry, not the churn, the ARPU. Rob, you mentioned balancing subs versus revenue in your prepared remarks, and it just seems that if not for the data surcharge, ARPU would have been down or close to down across all the products. What are you expecting as the year progresses across all 3 products in terms of ARPU?
Glenn A. Britt: So Jessica, this is Glenn. I'll take the first one, and Rob can take the second. I think it's -- Google Fiber is an interesting thing because that company has been so successful, and they have a glow about them. But at the end of the day, what they're doing is not any different than an over-builder, and we've had over-builders for the last several decades in this business, so that's what they appear to be doing. They appear to be very aggressive on price. They're even giving some tiers away essentially for free, and we'll see where that goes. Despite all the glow and all of that, the products are essentially the same as others are offering today in a practical sense. And these are all AT&T markets by the way, I might add. So the practical products are the same, the video is the same and the speeds for the last little bit of a plant are faster. But they connect to the same old Internet, where most of the servers are actually slower, so it's an over-builder. I think -- who knows what their intentions are. They have to speak for themselves. I would question the economics of this and therefore, what the motivation is, but we'll have to see what they do.
Robert D. Marcus: Just to give you a sense of size, you asked sort of, "What are you seeing?" The reality, Jessica, is this is such early days. I think they've passed something like 4,000 homes altogether in our footprint. That's probably 2,000 of our customers. So it's -- it really is very early days, and the number of defections we've seen is de minimis at this point. And if you take Casey [ph] and Austin [ph] together, I think we're talking about in the neighborhood of 2.5% of our HSD and video customers, just to give you a sense of the magnitude of impact we're talking about.
Glenn A. Britt: One thing I would add to this because it sometimes gets lost, there's obviously a public relations intent to depict the cable and traditional phone industries as sort of stuck with old technology and resisting change and whatever, and we may have gone too fast, so I want go back to it. In the business market where there actually is demand for much higher speeds, we are pulling tons of fiber, we're offering speeds up to 10 gigabits per second, not just one. So we're doing that where there's demand, and that's what we've always done. So I think the imagery painting is very effective but maybe not reality.
Robert D. Marcus: So Jessica, on your question about ARPU, I guess I would focus on a few things. In my prepared remarks, I was very explicitly focusing on the trend in ARPU among -- or revenue among new connects. And obviously, overall ARPU per customer is a function of multiple things. One is what kind of revenue you're bringing on in the form of new connects, one is what kind of revenue is leaving you with disconnects and then what's happening to the big middle where they're neither coming on or leaving you. And the trend in new connect revenue is terrific, and I think that's a real important indicator of where the future is going. At the same time, I'll add, and I didn't comment on it, the revenue associated with disconnects is actually improving as well. So the gap between what we're bringing customers on at and what they're leaving at is actually a very, very positive trend. I -- your point about the modem fee, I think it's worth addressing because the modem fee is a rate increase by all accounts. It takes a different form than usual. But I wouldn't somehow discount it or push it off to the side and say, "Without that, you wouldn't have grown revenue -- ARPU." It's very much a part of the overall revenue generation program. So I feel very good about the trend and the trade-offs we're making between volume and rate, and I think that you're going to see that manifest itself as the year progresses.
Irene M. Esteves: And Rob, I'd add one more point, which is the modem fee was last quarter. So if you look at the slide that Rob presented, Slide 4, showing the ARPU improvement in January, February and March, that's without any impact of that modem fee increase.
Operator: Next question is Bryan Kraft, Evercore Partners.
Bryan D. Kraft - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Rob, you've talked about the sales channels performing pretty well and the problem has been basically churn. I guess first part of the question is have you benchmarked your churn and your connect rates against other MSOs that give you the confidence that, that is the case? And second, are the sales channels still performing at the level you want, given that now you've got it sounds like somewhat slower connect volumes since you've changed the offer structures?
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, actually, it depends what time frame you're talking about. So what I -- I'm not sure it's fair to characterize this as 100% about a churn issue. In Q1, the net add decline was actually driven more by a lower connect than it was about lower disconnects -- than it was about higher disconnects. The -- if you go back to last year, we were driving tons and tons of connects. And in the interest of managing churn, as well as revenue and profitability per sub, we've changed our approach to front-end packaging and pricing. So your characterization kind of depends on what time frame you're talking about. As far as whether or not we benchmarked our churn against other players in the industry, very difficult given that no one really publicly discloses churn rates. The satellite guys tend to, but it's a different animal in that remember that satellite doesn't experience the same churn associated with moves and transfers within footprint that cable does. They just don't count it as churn because you can take your dish with you. So it's very hard for us to benchmark ourselves against other industry players.
Bryan D. Kraft - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Do you think that you might need to increase your marketing expense in order to bring the connect volume up?
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, it's an interesting question. So in Q1, our marketing expense was about 2.7% of revenues. I think if you look at that our historical marketing spend, generally it hovers around 3%, maybe a little bit on -- a little bit higher than 3%. I think for the full year, we'll likely be consistent with our historical pattern. So that means as a percentage of revenues, we're likely to spend a little bit more in the back half of the year, and I think that should help on the connect side.
Operator: Next question is Philip Cusick, JPMorgan.
Philip Cusick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Following up on that, can you walk us back to 1Q and 2Q '12 and help us think about when did the sort of unusual level of promotions start to roll off? And then when does that churn risk start to roll off through 2Q? And would you argue that 2Q is a tough comp as well?
Robert D. Marcus: So I would say the really aggressive Triple Play and HSD-only promotions began in Q4 of '11, and the truth is we continued to execute those promotions through the better part of 2012. So there's 2 dynamics going on: one is the promo roll, which is generally driven by the first anniversary of the promotions because most of our promotions were full 1-year promotions. But also, by attracting more price-sensitive, less stable subs, we increased the likelihood that customers would go non-pay in the nearer term, in other words, more quickly after we brought them on. So it's not just a 1-year phenomenon, it's sort of -- it occurs in 2 different buckets, maybe in the 3- to 6-month range and in the 12-month range. And the good news is that we have identified the risk, and we have taken steps, as I described, to manage the churn that as those -- as that big chunk of subs rolls through the risky period. So while we have to grapple with the overhang all year, my expectation is that we will continue to do better at it as the year progresses, and the early returns are that we're already doing better.
Philip Cusick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And in terms of the 2Q comp?
Robert D. Marcus: 2Q comp, I think the answer is yes, we had those aggressive promotions in 2Q. So from a connect perspective, it's a challenge, although Q1 tends to be a bigger connect quarter than Q2. And -- but all of my general comments apply to Q2 as well. We're working through that churn, I think, more effectively than we have in the past.
Operator: Next question is Jason Bazinet, Citigroup.
Christopher Lo: This is Chris Lo on behalf of Jason. So if we kind of take a look at programming costs per video sub, the programming cost of Time Warner Cable and Comcast appear pretty similar despite sort of difference in scale. Can you sort of comment on what that -- what might be driving that?
Irene M. Esteves: Sorry, I didn't hear the last part of it. What that might look like in?
Christopher Lo: Just the sort of difference in scale that -- what might be driving pretty -- what appears to be pretty similar programming costs per sub at Time Warner, as well as at Comcast.
Irene M. Esteves: We typically see our costs per sub a little bit higher than Comcast on a general basis. As far as the percent increase, we're expecting around 10%. We know that some others that announced after us announced increases slightly north of that. But it really depends on what contracts are coming up for each company that you're renewing, plus the contracts that you're -- have automatic increases in them. So you will see variations between companies on programming costs.
Christopher Lo: Okay. And could you provide sort of a quick update on your sort of view on consumption-based pricing?
Glenn A. Britt: Yes. This is Glenn. There really isn't anything new. We have in place in almost all of our footprint the option for people to pay less money if they wish to really consume less. We did that last year, and we think that's the right way to do it. People who want to keep getting unlimited and pay for that, can do that. So we really don't have anything new. It is in place in our whole footprint, I think, except one location.
Robert D. Marcus: And we said this before. The take rate on that offering has still been fairly modest, but we think it's a very important principle that there's a relationship between usage and the price that customers pay.
Operator: Next question is Doug Mitchelson, Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A fun one for Glenn. In 2011, you extended your contract for an extra year to year-end 2013. And as that date approaches, you can imagine there's been a lot of interest in your and the board's succession planning. I was hoping you could update us on that and when would you be prepared to announce whether or not you'll be entering into a new contract beyond '13? And quickly for Rob, while Glenn thinks about that. Rob, you said most of your high-speed-data-only subs have DVS video service, what percentage of your high-speed-data-only customers do not take any video products from anyone?
Glenn A. Britt: Well, I'll do the first one. Doug, it's obviously a little amusing because as I came up from my corporate career, I spent many hours scrutinizing the leadership of the various companies and trying to figure out who was going to retire when and who was going to replace them and all of that. Obviously, under the SEC rules, when the board makes decisions, we have to report that in a very short time frame. That also implies we don't report decisions that haven't been made yet, which is the case here. Obviously, as good governance, we discuss succession in various feats of strength [ph] and what have you all the time, but it's not really a public thing. Thanks for the question.
Robert D. Marcus: Doug, with respect to where our HSD customers get video, so I mentioned that we have about 2.4 million residential HSD-onlys. And about 20% of those don't take video at all based on our survey work.
Operator: Next question is Laura Martin, Needham & Company.
Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: This one's for Irene. Could you talk about -- so there's about 160 basis points of margin pressure in the quarter. Could you size for us how much of that is coming from the Lakers channel? Because I think those valuation metrics on return on capital are much higher than your core business. And as we think about next year, Irene, remind us what quarter the Dodgers start impacting the P&L, please.
Irene M. Esteves: Sure. The impact on our margins for the first quarter was impacted, of course, by the L.A. RSNs. And we do think, as we go through the year, we're going to see some changes in those, the comparables, in that we launched the RSN in the fourth quarter of last year, so the comparables obviously get better. We're also looking at phone migrations in the last part of the year, which will also take off the pressure off margins, as well as the building effect of the initiatives that Rob laid out for us on the operational side, as well as on the marketing and sales side. As far as the Dodgers, they probably won't hit our P&L until really the first quarter of '14.
Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So just trying to push you a little bit on the first answer, so the Lakers, is it 100 basis points that it's putting pressure out of the 160 of margin pressure? Is it more? Is it less? How much of an impact are the RSN Lakers having on the income statement right now?
Irene M. Esteves: We're not pulling out the RSN impact from our financials, but it is a big part of the driver of other revenue increase and other expenses on our core side.
Operator: Next question is Jason Armstrong, Goldman Sachs.
Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe just a follow-up on the programming cost question, maybe just thinking about the growth over the course of the year. You did mid-7s this quarter. You've stuck with the 10% guide for the year, which obviously got a lot of attention last call. Are there stair steps in the process that we should think about in any given quarter? Or would you expect this to be more of a sort of fairly linear acceleration through the year?
Irene M. Esteves: Sure. There's obviously some large contracts coming due this year, which will have an impact, and then we have a number of smaller contracts and retrans agreements being negotiated throughout. So if you look at where we ended up this quarter at $33.16, if you're looking at the average last year, the average this year up 10%. That'd be another $1 or so on that cost. So it should be coming -- I won't talk specifically quarter by quarter, but there are ongoing contracts which are being negotiated [ph] throughout.
Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And so Irene, when you talked about accelerating EBITDA growth towards the back half of the year, does that imply maybe some of the -- more of the pressure is actually front half of the year, which would, I guess, be 2Q?
Irene M. Esteves: No, I wouldn't assume that. I think the drivers of the OIBDA increase are the ones that I laid out, so the phone migrations, the lapping of the RSN startup and those operational efficiencies and revenue drivers.
Glenn A. Britt: Jason, this is Glenn. If I can help a little help on the programming. We actually had something like 300 programming agreements, and some of those are under contract for a long time period, with known increases; some are out of contract and in negotiation, and we're trying to predict what the outcome might be; and some have fees associated with them, which have catch-ups when they eventually get settled. We know that some are upcoming for negotiation later this year. So this guidance is our best estimate of that whole amalgam of things, and it doesn't lend itself to an easy simple set of answers because there's so many of them.
Operator: Next question is Vijay Jayant, ISI Group.
Vijay A. Jayant - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I got 2 questions, if I could. Any color on the Dodgers RSN affiliate deals and how that's sort of trending and how much you've locked up given the costs you paid for that license deal? And second, given that the FCC is now allowing you to encrypt the analog part of your network, is that something you're doing? Are you seeing any lift from the reduction in piracy?
Robert D. Marcus: I guess I'll take both of them, Vijay. Dodgers, we haven't yet begun the process of seeking affiliate deals. That tends to happen much closer to actual launch of the networks. Based on our experience with the Lakers, really all the action happens almost in the couple of few months leading up to launch. As far as the basic analog encryption, I think we mentioned on a prior earnings call that in New York City, we're actually going through the process of encrypting our -- what we call our basic tier of service, our BST tier of service. But we haven't yet completed the going all digital on that piece of spectrum. So too early to give you feedback on what the impact has been. We are, of course, all digital on the rest of the New York City lineup, but this will be sort of the last piece of the puzzle to make us 100% all digital.
Operator: Next question is Tuna Amobi, S&P Capital IQ.
Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research: So I wanted to use my question for Glenn. So regarding the recent developments on aerial, which I'm sure you've been watching pretty closely, can you help us philosophically define how that might impact your long-term relationship with the broadcasters and any kind of leverage you might see or any other actions you might take? And I know that might be profound as a result of that. And then separately, on the MPEG to IP set-top boxes, I wasn't sure if your CapEx outlook includes any significant spending related to IP set-tops. And what will it take, Glenn or Rob, to kind of lead that transition from MPEG to IP? What do you see as a gating factor beyond the cost and the technology? Because I would imagine as you're testing all these applications, there's potential upside there. And how would you kind of view your strategy in that light?
Glenn A. Britt: Okay, thanks. I'll try both those. Aerial, I'm assuming that everybody on the call is familiar with what that is, so I won't try to describe it. Obviously, the -- to those who've been following it, the courts will determine whether that is legal under the copyright laws or not. There has been some early activity around temporary restraining orders, which I think most lawyers would agree are hard to get and maybe not dispositive about the ultimate outcome. There also are conflicting circuit court decisions on this technology between the California Ninth Circuit and the New York Second Circuit. So my guess is this will be in the courts for some time, possibly even going to the Supreme Court, and it ultimately will be adjudicated. If it is found to be legal, then I think it has very interesting implications for the whole broadcast and broadcast network ecosystem and for the future of retrans. Obviously, it would give people a route to receive the signals that are otherwise free through the air without paying retrans fees. And at least one head of a big entertainment company has said that he would turn his broadcast network into a cable network if that happens. So I think this is all speculative at this point, and all the various people who run the PR machines try to read the tea leaves of each and every judicial decision. But I think it's going to go on for quite a while. On the IP -- MPEG to IP thing, I think the important thing to keep in mind is that one of the things we do is try to make our video offering available to all of the TV devices you have in your home. And at the moment, those use all different kinds of technology, some analog, some MPEG, digital, some IP, and we serve all of those, some are HD sets, some are -- et cetera. I do think over some time period that most things in the world is shifting to IP simply because that's where most of the engineering development work is taking place. And of course, so we have an IP feed. The set-top that we talked about earlier that works with the new cloud-based guide is actually the first of a new generation of boxes that the output of that will be all in IP, and so that means if you have a device in your house that knows how to receive IP, you'll get it directly perhaps via WiFi or through a cable technology called MoCA. If you have an older TV, you may have this set-top I'm talking about, which is kind of a gateway, and you may have a slave device, very small cheap set-top in front of your older TV. So we see that as a way to help evolve to what I am pretty sure will ultimately be an all-IP world. But people keep their devices and TVs for many years, so it's going to be a lengthy transition.
Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research: Okay. So no near-term impact on CapEx on that?
Glenn A. Britt: No, this is -- all of this is embodied in our guidance for CapEx, all this activity.
Tom Robey: I think that's probably all we have time for this morning. Thanks to everyone for joining us. And to give you a little advanced notice, our next quarterly conference call, which will reflect our second quarter results, will be on Thursday, August 1, 2013, at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. Thanks for joining us.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. That does concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tom Robey Glenn A. Britt - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert D. Marcus - President and Chief Operating Officer Irene M. Esteves - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Philip Cusick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division John C. Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Time Warner Cable Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now, I will turn the call over to Mr. Tom Robey, Senior Vice President of Time Warner Cable Investor Relations.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Candy. And good morning, everyone. Welcome to Time Warner Cable's 2012 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. This morning, we issued 2 press releases, one detailing our 2012 fourth quarter and full year results and the other, announcing an increase in our regular quarterly dividend. Before we begin, there are a couple of items I want to cover. First, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures. Definitions and schedules, setting out reconciliations of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, are included in our earnings release and trending schedules. And second, today's announcement includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements herein due to various factors, which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Time Warner Cable is under no obligation to, and in fact, expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. And finally, today's press releases, trending schedules, presentation slides and related reconciliation schedules are available on our website at twc.com/investors. With that covered, I'll thank you and turn the call over to Glenn Britt. Glenn?
Glenn A. Britt: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. As we look back on 2012, we have much to be proud of. It was a year in which we grew revenue by almost 9%, powered by our acquisition and successful integration of Insight Communications, continued success in business services and the best-ever year in advertising. Broadband continues to be our strongest product. We added another 0.5 million subs in 2012 and improved the mix even as we raised prices, a powerful combination. But considering that the average customer used roughly 40% more capacity last year, and we increased our standard speed by 50%, yet our pricing increased by less than 10%, our broadband product is still a terrific value for customers. We met or exceeded all elements of our guidance in 2012. In addition, we honored our commitment to return capital to shareholders. We repurchased 22 million shares for $1.9 billion in 2012, raising the total since initiation late in 2010 to over $5 billion. And through our regular dividend, we returned $700 million to shareholders last year. This morning, we announced a 16% increase of dividend to an annualized rate of $2.60 per share, demonstrating our continued confidence in our ability to generate very strong free cash flow. Before I turn the call over to Rob and Irene though, I want to spend a couple of minutes on residential video, our most mature and highly penetrated business. It faces challenges on 2 fronts. The first is competition. The telcos and satellite companies are tough competitors and in a world where we are the original incumbent, the pressure on our net adds is intense. Rob will speak to the many ways we're working to compete better. The second challenge is in video programming costs. Let me frame the issue for you. Our programming costs per subscriber has grown 32% in the last 4 years. Over that same period, the Consumer Price Index has risen by 9%. So the math is pretty simple, programming costs have been rising at more than 3x the rate of inflation. Our residential video ARPU increased 16% over that same period, so we've effectively raised pricing a little faster than inflation but only half as fast as programming costs have risen. This situation is caused by a complicated set of structural imbalances within the video entertainment industry. It's clear that this is not in the best interest of the consumer, and it's also clear that it can't continue forever. What is less clear is what will happen to change the situation or when. For our part, we will examine each network with an expiring contract and attempt to drop or reposition those that in our judgment do not add to the price value relationship of our packages. For the rest, we'll continue to negotiate the best deals we're able to get. In the case of sports, we've taken some steps towards managing and stabilizing costs through our Lakers and Dodgers deals. That doesn't mean these deals are inexpensive, but we do think they are better than the potential alternatives. We're feeling very positive about the growth of our business services and broadband businesses. We're doing an awful lot to improve customer service, products and marketing, and we're pleased with our progress on all those fronts. Rob will talk about specific actions in a few minutes. So we have our challenges, but we're investing to capture long-term opportunities, and our business remains strong and stable. Now I'll turn the call over to Rob and then Irene to dive into the details.
Robert D. Marcus: Thanks, Glenn. Good morning, everyone. This morning, I'd like to divide my comments in 2 parts. In the first, I'll give you my assessment of 2012 and following that, I'll share our priorities for the new year. So to begin with. I would count 6 accomplishments in 2012 that we're particularly proud of that will provide a solid foundation for 2013. First, we made smart investments to enhance the capacity of our network and improve our critical infrastructure. We completed our DOCSIS 3.0 rollout in 2012 and also began a process of reclaiming bandwidth previously dedicated to the delivery of analog video. These 2 steps enable us to dedicate more network capacity to our high-speed data offerings. That means we can handle more traffic and deliver higher speeds. In November, we opened our first National Data Center in Charlotte, which will enable us to begin the consolidation of video sourcing and infrastructure for high-speed data, cloud services, phone and our internal enterprise systems. In addition, we've built out our own Content Delivery Network, or CDN, so we can efficiently deliver our managed IP video service without reliance on third parties. These investments are already paying dividends, but as importantly, they position us well for the long term. Second, we made our products better in 2012. Our Internet customers now have much more choice. Optional usage-based tiers are available across virtually our entire footprint, and we're offering faster speeds than ever before. As Glenn mentioned, we increased the speed of our standard tier of service by 50%, to 15 megabits per second. And in a couple of cities, we've added 75 and 100 megabits per second offerings to our existing tiers. We also added around 10,000 WiFi access points during the year, which when combined with the thousands of hotspots activated by our cable WiFi partners, give most of our Internet customers access to one of the most robust WiFi networks in the U.S. at no incremental charge. On the video front, we continued to upgrade our TWC TV apps, which we believe represent the most advanced linear IP video product in the industry. As many as 300 channels are now available on a wide range of consumer devices in the home. And in December, we added 4,000 On Demand assets to the iOS app, a number that will only grow over time. And with our Roku announcement at the Consumer Electronics Show earlier this month, our customers soon will be able to watch Time Warner Cable TV on their television without a leased set-top box. The really good news is that our customers are starting to make use of and appreciate the apps. In December, over 0.75 million unique customers used the TWC TV app and they used it almost 4 million times. We're now focused on adding out-of-home capabilities to the apps to make them even more valuable to customers. Before I leave video, I have to point out that we also beefed up our programming lineup in 2012. Glenn noted that we are becoming increasingly vigilant about ensuring that the money we spend on programming yields real value to our customers. But that doesn't mean we're not interested in carrying new networks that enhance the value of our video product. So in 2012, we added some key sports programming to our lineup, most notably NFL Network and RedZone, as well as the Pac-12 Networks. Finally, we continued to innovate in the voice space as well. In November, we launched the Global Penny Plan, an international calling plan that enables voice customers to call over 40 countries for $0.01 a minute. The third area I want to talk about is customer service. We made real tangible progress in 2012. For example, we introduced 1-hour service windows in almost everywhere in our footprint. In a number of cities, including New York City, we have something that may be even better, a 30-minute window for the first appointment of the day. And we've even begun experimenting with real-time appointments. In addition, over the last year, we more than doubled our self-installation rate. Last month, almost 30% of installations were performed by our customers. That's a huge benefit, both to our customers in terms of convenience and to us in terms of truck rolls. And we also completely overhauled our customer-facing web presence in 2012, enabling more of our customers to complete more transactions online or from their smartphones. Fourth, business services. What more can I say about business services? We posted organic growth of more than 20% again in 2012. Powered by an expanded sales force, more buildings on net and some new products, we think we can achieve that kind of growth yet again in 2013. Couple of quick business services metrics. In 2012, we added more than 1,500 people to our business services headcount, that's a 35% increase. And we nearly doubled the number of commercial buildings connected with fiber. Fifth, the Insight integration has gone very smoothly. The former Insight systems now look and perform like Time Warner Cable systems. And although there's still work to be done, we fully expect to realize $100 million in annual run rate for synergies that we identified before we closed the deal last year. And sixth, we took full advantage of the 2012 election to post a record year in advertising sales. Despite the success of a number of important initiatives in 2012, including those I just mentioned, our full year residential subscriber results were somewhat mixed. And that's true of the fourth quarter sub numbers as well. If you take a look at Slide 3 in our presentation materials, you can review the details for both Q4 and the full year. Video stats were a disappointment. We really hoped that 2012 was going to be the year in which residential video net losses improved year-over-year. In fact, while our Enjoy Better campaign and aggressive packages fueled strong connect volumes, increases in disconnects led to net losses that were worse than in 2011. I am somewhat encouraged that the year-over-year trend improved in each quarter -- each of the last 3 quarters. In Q4, video sub losses were essentially flat versus Q4 of 2011. But we still lost 129,000 residential video subs in the fourth quarter, and that's just not acceptable. So we've got much more work to do. Internet, typically our star performer, delivered 75,000 net adds in Q4. That's fewer net adds than in Q4 of 2011. But the shortfall here was a conscious trade. Our modem fee drove a 6.3% increase in residential HSD ARPU in the fourth quarter, but undoubtedly had the effect of elevating disconnects. I will point out that our HSD subscriber mix continues to improve. More than 100% of our Q4 net adds were to our 30 and 50 megabits per second tiers. And we continued to compete well against the telcos. Fourth quarter net adds were still more than triple the net adds of AT&T and Verizon combined. Voice net adds for the full year were much better than in 2011, driven largely by our emphasis on Triple Plays. Q4 voice net adds came in at 34,000, just about where they came out in Q4 of 2011. One other point worth noting is that Southern California led the company in subscriber performance in the fourth quarter. Part of that, undoubtedly, is related to our addition of TWC SportsNet and Pac-12 to the SoCal lineup. But in broader terms, I think our operations there are hitting their stride. Some of our subscriber performance issues are related to the environment. Competition continues to be tough, and the economy is still challenging for many consumers in our footprint. But I believe there are other factors that are very much within our control. So let me share with you what we're focused on in 2013. I mentioned that last year, we did a very good job driving connects but didn't do as well on customer retention. In 2013, we're redoubling our efforts to get, grow and keep customers. Just last week, we launched a new pricing and packaging architecture designed to ensure that the phones continue to ring and consumers continue to visit our website, but also to facilitate aggressive up-selling by our newly retrained sales teams. And most importantly, we're making significant investments in retention capabilities that should help us keep the customers we have. A lot of this is simply about execution. It starts with ensuring that retention calls are routed to retention specialists, and then, it's about arming those specialists with training, processes and tools so they can handle issues that have been problems for us in the past. We've been losing too many customers when their promotions expire. To fix this issue, we will adopt a much more disciplined and consistent approach to managing post promotion pricing. We can also do far better working with customers who fall into non-pay status. We think there are meaningful benefits to taking a more customer segment-specific approach to handling late payers. And we know we can be more effective at retaining customers who are moving within our footprint. Of course, the best approach to reducing churn is to minimize the number of customers that call to disconnect in the first place. That means we need to keep our customers happy. So in 2013, we'll continue to improve customer service by refining the initiatives we launched in 2012, by improving the reliability of our network, increasing first-call resolution and reducing repeat trouble calls. All of that requires painstaking attention to detail, but we're committed to making it happen. And we'll further enhance products, too. Our customers will see a series of updates to our apps that will bring even more content and functionality to more devices. In addition, our cloud-based user interface, running on IP set-top boxes and next-generation DVRs, will deliver the biggest change to the video experience that our customers have experienced in a decade. These are scheduled for introduction in the second half of the year. In HSD, we are planning to more than double our network of WiFi Hotspots, with an emphasis on New York City. As Irene will highlight shortly, we expect that business services will continue to drive a disproportionate amount of growth in 2013. So we'll continue to focus on and invest in B2B. That means additional expansion of our sales force and more buildings on net, as well as more new products. Underlying our 2013 priorities are greater focus and better and faster decision making. To that end, we announced organizational changes last week to mark the final step in our evolution from decentralized geographic operating units to a more centralized structure that we're internally calling One Time Warner Cable. We expect that over time, this more streamlined organization will deliver new products faster and better in addition to more reliable service. It will give our employees greater clarity on their roles and responsibilities. And of course, we believe these changes will help us to deliver the operational efficiency and profitable growth that our shareholders demand. So in summary, we're gratified by our many successes in 2012, and we recognize the need to continually step up our game to meet the challenges of a world in which technology changes faster each year and competition continues to be intense. We come to battle well prepared with a fabulous high-capacity network, more than 50,000 dedicated employees and an org structure that is tailored to address the opportunities and challenges we face. As I look forward, I am confident that we will succeed. Thank you. And with that, I'll turn it over to Irene to discuss our financials.
Irene M. Esteves: Thanks, Rob. And good morning, everyone. I'll start with the fourth quarter highlights on Slide 4. In the fourth quarter, we grew revenue about 10%, and we drove operating income and adjusted diluted EPS growth just under 14%. We increased the amount of capital returned to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases to $742 million. In the following slides, I'll give you more insight into fourth quarter trends, point out some of the key drivers of our performance and provide some of our expectations for 2013. So let's jump right into our financial results on the next slide. Revenue growth for the fourth quarter was driven primarily by acquisitions, business services and political advertising. Excluding acquisitions, revenue growth was 4.2%. As you can see on the slide, we continue to drive revenue by increasing total ARPU per customer relationship, which increased 4% over last year and is approaching $120 per month. We move on to Slide 6, fourth quarter business services revenue was up 26% or $106 million. Excluding $17 million from Insight during the quarter, business services revenue grew 22% year-over-year. That's our 11th consecutive quarter of at least 20% organic growth. And looking at our organic growth, the $89 million increase was driven by a 21% growth in HSD from shared and dedicated Internet access, as well as Metro Ethernet. 46% growth in phone, 29% growth in managed and outsourced IT solutions and cloud services and 16% growth in wholesale transport revenue, mostly cell tower backhaul. And we continue to invest in this growth opportunity and expect these investments to drive 2013 total business services revenue growth in the 20% to 25% range. For residential services, let's start with revenue on Slide 7. We remain focused on driving both subscriber volume, as well as revenue and profit per household. Fourth quarter revenue grew 7%, and excluding the impact of acquisitions, revenue grew 1% driven by a robust 11% growth in HSD while video revenue was down 3% and voice revenue was down 1%. Our total residential subscription ARPU per customer relationship increased to $103.79 in the fourth quarter, up 1.7% from last year's fourth quarter. Residential HSD ARPU increased year-over-year for the 15th consecutive quarter, rising 6.3%, double the year-over-year growth rate from Q3 '12. The introduction of a modem fee accounted for about 3/4 of the ARPU growth. Improved subscriber mix also contributed to this ARPU growth, as we migrate subscribers to higher-priced tiers of service. At quarter end, Turbo, Extreme and Ultimate subscribers comprised over 23% of our residential HSD customer base, up from 19% a year ago and just 11% 3 years ago. Video ARPU increased 0.7%, driven by price increases, a more favorable video subscriber mix and increased equipment rentals. These factors were partially offset by a decline in video-on-demand and premium channel revenue per sub. Voice ARPU declined 4.1%. Of course, all of these ARPU numbers are affected by the allocation of the bundle discounts. On our next slide, in the fourth quarter, political ad revenue accounted for over 3/4 of our total advertising growth of 29%. Excluding political, fourth quarter advertising was up a strong 7%, driven by the acquisition of Insight and the additional ad inventory on the L.A. RSNs. In advertising, we achieved a new milestone by crossing the $1 billion mark in annual revenue. So let's turn to Slide 9. Adjusted OIBDA increased 5.6% in the fourth quarter compared to last year. Fourth quarter total operating expense grew 12.5%, largely driven by acquisitions, L.A. RSN costs, including the Lakers rights fees and our hiring in business services. In Q4, the combined net costs from the Lakers and other new initiatives were about $60 million, putting our full year net cost at $110 million. But before we move on to operating income, let me pause for a second to tell you what neighborhood we think we'll be in for the 2013 revenue and adjusted OIBDA. We expect organic revenue growth to be around 3% to 4%, comparable to the 3.5% growth rate in 2012. In addition to organic growth, we will have 12 months of Insight revenue in 2013 compared to 10 months in 2012. So we expect total reported revenue growth to be in the 4% to 5% range. However, we expect adjusted OIBDA margin contraction of 50 to 100 basis points, driven primarily by programming cost growth per sub of around 10% related to adding new programming services and rate increases, the absence of high-margin political advertising revenue and approximately 20% higher pension expense. In order to offset some of this impact, we continue to pursue operational efficiencies throughout the company, and Rob touched on some of those initiatives. But as you know, our efforts to in-source the back-office of our phone service will yield only modest benefits in 2013, the more significant savings come in 2014. As you build your 2013 quarterly models, recall that first quarter margins typically step down from Q4 levels due to a variety of factors, including the timing of employee-related expenses like payroll taxes and merit increases. In addition, first quarter 2013 margins will be negatively impacted by the absence of high-margin political advertising revenue booked in Q4, as well as the timing of the Lakers rights fees. Moving on to Slide 10, operating income increased 13.6% to $1.2 billion in the fourth quarter of '12, reflecting a higher adjusted OIBDA in the fourth quarter 2011 wireless asset impairments, partially offset by increases in depreciation and amortization. Higher D&A from Insight was partially offset by lower depreciation related to the roll-off of Adelphia and Comcast assets. We incurred $17 million of merger-related and restructuring costs in the quarter compared to $34 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. So turning to Slide 11, our fourth quarter diluted EPS was $1.68. Adjusted diluted EPS, which excludes a number of items affecting comparability, increased 14% to $1.57. And these items affecting comparability for both periods are detailed in Note 1 to our press release. We expect that in 2013, we'll deliver 10% to 15% adjusted diluted EPS growth. Turning to capital spending on Slide 12. Capital spending finished the year as planned, including about $100 million of Insight-related CapEx. We invested $3.1 billion in total CapEx in 2012 or 14.5% of revenue, a 40-basis-point decrease from 2011. Business services' capital intensity was 31.9%, and residential, advertising and other capital spending was at 12.8% of revenue. Fourth quarter CapEx was down 4% from a year ago to $904 million, and was 16.5% of revenue, which was a 240-basis-point reduction from the fourth quarter of 2011. Overall, we expect capital intensity will continue to decline modestly, with full year capital spending around $3.2 billion in 2013. And moving on to free cash flow, excluding bonus depreciation, free cash flow for the year was up 25%, primarily due to higher adjusted OIBDA, lower pension contributions and lower income tax payments due to Insight NOLs and other onetime deductions. This was partially offset by higher interest payments and CapEx. Before I share with you our free cash flow expectations for 2013, let's flip to our favorite Slide 14 to give you a quick update on the impact of stimulus programs over the next several years. As you know, the federal government extended 50% bonus depreciation for 2013 as part of the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012. This act effectively delays the large step-down of bonus depreciation and tax deferrals for another year. Assuming around $3.2 billion in 2013 CapEx, we expect that the impact of bonus depreciation deductions and reversals of prior-year benefits on cash taxes in 2013 will be around the same as in 2012. The chart on this slide highlights the net expected cash tax impact from bonus depreciation as adjusted for the new act for 2017. But we still expect to pay higher overall taxes this year than we did last year, given the non-stimulus-related tax benefits we received in 2012. As a result, we expect 2013 total free cash flow, including stimulus impacts, to decline to around $2.3 billion. Let's move on to our capital return slide. We ended the year with net debt and preferred equity totaling $23.5 billion, a $2 billion increase from year-end 2011, and our reported leverage ratio was 3.01x our last 12 months adjusted OIBDA. Including the normal adjustments, which include items like the underfunded pension obligations and facility leases, and adjusted for a full year of Insight results, the leverage ratio is closer to our target. And despite higher net debt year-over-year, our success at raising capital at lower rates and managing our average costs through interest rate swaps resulted in a decline in our net interest cost in the fourth quarter. Our average cost of debt has dropped from 6.5% to 6.0% over the last 2 years. That's a 50-basis-point drop on $26.7 billion of total debt or roughly $130 million of annual interest savings. In the fourth quarter, we returned over 125% of free cash flow or $742 million in total to shareholders, $171 million in dividends and $571 million in share repurchases. This was an increase of 14% in share repurchases compared to Q3 and 56% over a year ago. And given our strong and sustainable cash flow generation, we announced another 16% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.65 a share or $2.60 on an annualized basis. And let me remind you that our share repurchases are really an outcome of our balance sheet philosophy. We're a large borrower, and we're committed to maintaining our solid investment-grade rating. To do that, we manage to 3.25 leverage ratio with the normal adjustments over time. So in summary, with these fourth quarter results, we have delivered another year of steady financial performance and we continued to return excess financial capacity to our shareholders, a total of $2.6 billion in dividends and share repurchases in 2012. We extended our track record today by raising our quarterly dividend for the third consecutive year. Thank you. And with that, I'll turn it over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Irene. Candy, we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. [Operator Instructions] First question please, Candy?
Operator: First question is Doug Mitchelson, Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess a question for Rob. How meaningfully and how quickly can the initiatives you outlined impact customer churn?
Robert D. Marcus: Doug, it's a great question, and my expectation is that certain of these initiatives that are very execution oriented could have an impact right away. Others will take some time to actually manifest themselves. Things that relate to customer satisfaction, reducing churn volume or churn calls in the first instance will unquestionably take a longer time to have an impact. Execution-related changes, I think, can have a more immediate impact. But the goal is to work it on both fronts, and my hope is that we see a better outcome throughout 2013.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, I mean, the follow-up would be -- I mean, I know you don't like talking about potential future video subscriber levels. But given the comment that you've had improvements each of the last 3 quarters, you've got the initiatives you have underway, I mean I think people are going to leave this call with the expectation that video sub losses are going to start to improve in 2013. Is that fair or is it really too early to gauge that?
Robert D. Marcus: It's what we're striving for, but it's early to gauge any full year results.
Operator: The next question is Jessica Reif Cohen of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I was hoping you could give us some color on your newest RSN. What can you say about the economics of the Dodgers RSN? And how different is it from the Lakers economics, which you actually own?
Irene M. Esteves: Hi, Jessica, it's Irene. The Dodgers deal is similar in economics to the Lakers deal in that we're guaranteed access to important sports programming over a long period of time. And our objective here, as it was with the Lakers, is to ensure that access to programming at a certain cost. And we think over the long-term, this will be a lower cost alternative than if we had not guaranteed those rights for the 25-year period.
Glenn A. Britt: Jessica, this Glenn. I just want to emphasize one thing that Irene just said. We do not pretend that these deals are inexpensive or cheap. And our sense is that if we're going to carry these games, they're going to be expensive when we get them. So what we think we've done with these deals is to minimize and stabilize the cost over a long time period. But we're not trying to pretend the first year is really, really cheap or anything.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: But is this why margins are coming down in 2013?
Irene M. Esteves: It really doesn't impact us, Jessica, until 2014.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: All right. Okay. So can you say anything about the first year impact?
Irene M. Esteves: It should be minimal. We might have a little bit of startup cost, but it's really a '14 impact.
Operator: Next question is Phil Cusick, JPMorgan.
Philip Cusick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess, just following up on Jessica's question, can you help us think about the -- are the Lakers and Dodgers RSN deals sort of more dilutive up front and so dragging margins even more than might have been in a normal or sort of a -- you buying from the previous contract? But then we expect margins to improve over time. So are we seeing more pressure from these given the structure, but again, you think it's better this way to do it?
Glenn A. Britt: Phil, the answer is no. Again, we think we're stabilizing and minimizing costs over a long time period. These -- in both cases, these rights were up for auction in a sense and they were going to be expensive no matter what happened. We think we've done the best of the alternatives.
Irene M. Esteves: And with the experience we've had with the Lakers, we'd say that given the net cost of that deal compared to where sports rights programming is going, that we're confident that we made the right decision with the Lakers and we're hopeful we made -- we'll find the same with the Dodgers.
Robert D. Marcus: Even in the short term.
Philip Cusick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you give us any early indication on what this should do to '14 margins as well?
Irene M. Esteves: It's too early to say.
Operator: Next question, Laura Martin, Needham & Company.
Laura A. Martin - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Let's leave sports and talk about the Google overbuild in Kansas City. Can you guys give us any update as to what's happening to your subscribers and cost down there? And then I thought the most interesting thing to come out of CES was the Roku app, and I'd be interested in you guys sizing what that might mean to your capital spending. Could that take that down? And Glenn, strategically, should we expect to see to roll that out over other platforms other than the Roku platform?
Glenn A. Britt: Let me answer the last part, Laura, and then, Rob will do the first part. I think I've said this before, but I'll repeat it, our goal is to have our video services on every device that is capable of displaying them and carrying them. So there's all sizes and shapes and varieties of devices, but you should assume we're actively talking to everybody and that's our objective. So over time, you will see a series of announcements such as Roku. Bob?
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, and just to amplify what Glenn said, Roku is just one example of many. Whether the actual experience will be attractive to a broad number of customers, I think, remains to be seen. So I wouldn't anticipate meaningful impact on our set-top box cost in the near term. I think this is more about the philosophy and direction we're headed. So going to Google, just at the risk of repeating what we've said before to put the Google overbuild in context, they have talked about what will ultimately be a 600,000 home build, I think 300,000 of those homes are in our footprint. And if you get to the subscriber level, it's something like 100,000 video customers and 100,000 HSD customers. So a very small percentage of our total subscriber base. And the reality is most of the action is going to happen towards the back half of this year. So they really haven't built out very much, and the customer impact we've seen, so far, is essentially de minimis. That said, we're hard at work ensuring that our customer relationships are strong, that our product set is good. We recently increased the tiers of service on HSD that we have available in the Google footprint. And we're now offering 100 megabits a second service, which is the fastest we're making available anywhere. So like with any overbuilder, we're ready for the competition.
Glenn A. Britt: And Laura, if I could just add one more thing. I think that there's a lot of PR and a lot of hype about this whole thing. The reality is, today, there are not really applications that require 1 gigabit per second. So our philosophy has been to keep our speeds in line with what the market demands and what it needs. There's no doubt in my mind that the speeds will, over time, get faster and faster as they have since we started this in 1996. So I expect some time in the future, we'll have 1 gig, maybe 2 gigs. But other than PR and hype, this is not a real need for anybody right now.
Operator: Next question is Jason Bazinet, Citi.
Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just had a question either for Mr. Marcus or Mr. Britt. I guess, the entire cable industry is now at a point where they've gone all digital and most of the executives seem to extol the virtues of that decision and claim that it's helped their fundamental results fairly significantly. Do you still believe that not going all digital is the right move? And if so, do you mind just elaborating on what it is that you think makes your footprint or operational strategy fundamentally different from the rest of the industry?
Glenn A. Britt: Sure. I think if you cut through it all, going all digital is something that cable operators did to increase the usable capacity in their plan by getting rid of analog. So in that sense, it was something done for the benefit of the cable operator, not particularly for the consumer. And it's somewhat disruptive to consumers. What we've done is to initially create more capacity by using switch video, and that's stood us in very good stead. We most certainly, over time, will be going more and more towards all digital, but we're doing it on an evolutionary basis. I actually think the ultimate all digital is going to be IP digital, not MPEG-2, which is what everybody's stuck with. So I think that as we evolve to that, we'll be doing all things IP and not sort of in this intermediate phase. So we actually feel very good about what we've been doing and I think the future it's going to pay big dividends.
Robert D. Marcus: Let me just clarify one thing that I mentioned in my prepared remarks. We are, in fact, in the process of reclaiming bandwidth that's previously been dedicated to analog video. And the way we're going about doing that is, as Glenn mentioned, rather than doing a flash cut and ceasing to deliver all of the networks in analog, we're starting really with the most -- the least viewed networks and kind of chipping away at the lineup and ceasing to deliver those networks in analog when a customer, who likes to watch those networks but doesn't have a set-top box, raises their hand, then we provide them with the D-to-A converter. So we can increase the usable bandwidth, to use Glenn's term, without some of the related disruption that generally is associated with these transitions. So we think we've struck the right balance, and it's working quite well.
Glenn A. Britt: I think just to be clear also, we have gone all digital in some markets where we needed the capacity. So New York City is one of them and parts of L.A. and then maybe some other places.
Operator: Next question, Marci Ryvicker, Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I just had a quick question for Irene. Can you share with us your thoughts on share repurchase activity for 2013? I know last year, you had told us that it should be more than free cash flow. Should we expect the same thing again?
Irene M. Esteves: Hi, Marci. On free cash flow, what we've said is we're guided by our 3.25 leverage ratio, and we've been very consistent talking about that, and we will continue to use that as a guiding principle. I'm not giving specific guidance on the pace, but as you look back on our history, you can see that we've consistently increased the pace, and that we are fully committed to 3.25 leverage ratio over time.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And can you just clarify for free cash flow guidance there. I've seen a couple of different calculations between $2.3 billion and $2.5 billion. Is there a definitive number for 2013?
Irene M. Esteves: We said it will be around $2.3 billion.
Operator: Next question is a Jason Armstrong, Goldman Sachs.
Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Rob, you mentioned, I think, in your upfront remarks that Southern California is the bright spot operationally. I realize we've obviously talked about the Dodgers deal a decent amount. You were early in that market with WiFi initiatives, early obviously with RSN ownership relative to the rest of the footprint. Are those the key drivers that are impacting performance there? And to what extent, do you think, that can service sort of a broader blueprint?
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. So I think that the programming benefits we got out of the TWC SportsNet and maybe as significantly, Pac-12 Networks, did definitely help subscriber performance in SoCal in Q4. WiFi, I think it's still early days. We've got a nice network of WiFi Hotspots in L.A., and the evidence we have so far certainly suggest the correlation between churn reduction and WiFi utilization. But candidly, the usage is still at a level that I can't point to it having a meaningful impact on overall subscriber performance. We believe in the benefits of WiFi to our customers, but I think it's a little early to say that, that's a big driver of the subscriber performance. I think more than anything else, what I would attribute it to is superior execution. We've spent a lot of energy and it's been a long road since the acquisition of the Adelphia and Comcast properties to hardening the network, ensuring that the products that we delivered were reliable and state-of-the-art, and ensuring that our marketing and sales machine and our service organization were firing on all cylinders. And I think we're getting to that point, and that's manifesting itself in better subscriber performance.
Operator: Next, Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I have, I guess, 2 questions for Rob. Rob, as you look at the subscriber metrics over the last few years, one of the areas that did get worse in '12 was Double Play, which I'm presuming the vast majority is probably data and phone. But would love any color on that line since it seems like an area where you're operating from a position of strength and it was pretty solid in '10 and '11. And then just on the margins in '13, the programming cost number isn't too surprising, and it feels like there's other stuff going on around maybe marketing, I know there's been some press around some new marketing initiatives you guys have. And I don't know if you'd be willing to talk about the startup losses, which were, I think, 110 for '12. Is there a number in '13 that we should be thinking about? Because it seems that a lot of the things you've done around CDN and data centers, the consolidation and reorg, would be margin enhancers but doesn't seem like that's kicking in, in '13. So any color would be helpful.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, so let me start with the question on doubles. I'll make a brief comment on marketing then, I'll flip it over to Irene to handle the rest of the margins. So Double Play -- first of all, you mentioned -- you made reference to data and phone. In fact, the vast majority of our Double Plays are video, data doubles, and that's where we saw the most softness in 2012. This is an area I think I highlighted on our Q3 call and it's an area that we're going to focus on going into this year. I think we can do a better job competing with U-verse in particular on the Double Play front. They've been very aggressive in their Double Play promotions, most notably in Texas and to some extent, in the Midwest. The focus has been on customers who reside in MDUs and generally don't take landline phone at all from anyone. They tend to be wireless-only customers. It's a younger, typically unmarried base, and we just need to re-craft some of our offerings to be more responsive to their needs. We haven't yet talked much about our Verizon Wireless relationship, but I feel that, that's a place where our Verizon Wireless relationship can actually position us well. So more to come on that front, but it's an area of focus. I guess, one mechanical thing that goes without saying, and it doesn't take away at all from the fact that we're focused on doubles, one of the reasons that doubles have been weaker is our emphasis has been on triples. And we probably sold in some triples to customers that otherwise in the past would have taken doubles. So some of this is just trading among bundled subs. But nonetheless, it's an area of focus for us in '13.
Irene M. Esteves: And then on the margins, if you think about programming, which was $4.6 billion, if that's growing at 10% a sub, that's a huge impact on our margins. We also mentioned 2 other piece, the pension expense which is with historically low interest rates, that expense line goes up. And we're -- it's a nonpolitical year in '13, so we're missing that very high-margin political revenue. In prior years, we also had offsets to some of the programming expenses with large Go It Alone savings in our phone business, which we're not expecting as much of this year. And you asked about the new initiatives and what we spent in 2012. We will continue to invest behind those businesses, but because it's a multi-year investment, we don't think it makes sense to break them out anymore. But suffice it to say, we are continuing to invest behind things like IntelligentHome rollout and our business services expansion, and Rob mentioned, the WiFi. So we'll continue to invest behind those businesses because we think it's right for the long-term profitability of the company. So those are the main drivers of that margin decline that we're expecting.
Robert D. Marcus: And just specifically to address your question on marketing, it's true that marketing was up in Q4 year-over-year, but I don't anticipate that being a meaningful driver of margin contraction in '13. In fact, due to the -- some of organizational changes we've made and actually a trend that started probably last year, we're getting more efficient with our marketing dollars. I think we're getting more bang for the buck in everything we spend. We're dedicating more of our dollars to working dollars, in other words, buying media as opposed to some of the administrative and production costs. And I think we're actually doing a better job spending marketing dollars more wisely. So I don't anticipate that being a factor.
Glenn A. Britt: Yes, one thing I'd remind you about margins is that it's a good conversation about costs, and it's a good measure of whether we're managing costs. But at the end of the day, it's a mixture of a whole bunch of stuff and different products with different characteristics. And we actually don't run the business for margin, we run it for the bottom line. So if we can sell more of a lower margin product but add to the bottom line, we'll do that. So I just -- I know everybody needs it for modeling, that we pay attention to it, but it's not our primary focus. We're focused on the bottom line.
Operator: Next, Richard Greenfield, BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: You talked about reducing programming costs, but you've been out of contract, I believe, with Starz Encore for a number of years. Just wondering if that's an opportunity for you to make a dent in the programming cost line that you mentioned several times during the call? And then on broadband, it's becoming an increasingly profitable business, I mean the modem fee is going to have a, say, a notable impact on 2013's growth. Do you worry or how do you think about the risk to broadband sub fees emerging like what you pay in ESPN 3 today? Could that proliferate over time and chew into any of that revenue that you're generating?
Glenn A. Britt: Rich, I'll take a shot at both those. First of all, individual programming deals, I don't -- I'd be remiss making any comments at this point. But suffice it to say, we're going to look at everything hard. On the broadband subject, I think you raised an interesting issue because in a world where there's net neutrality and a push for net neutrality, which is essentially applications and content people saying they don't want anybody to be favored, there's the potential for reverse network neutrality. And I think perhaps an illustration of the government trying to put rules in place too early without really thinking through everything that happened. The essence of Internet is that you provide access to the web and people will go wherever they want and do whatever they want and what we sell is the access. So I think we need to be very careful about turning that into a business where some application or content providers seek favor or demand favor. It's not kind of what this is all about.
Operator: Next, John Hodulik, UBS.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: First, maybe a quick clarification on the programming cost. You're seeing some real acceleration per sub in terms of growth. Maybe Glenn, are the initiatives to drive some of these channels -- I mean, should we keep that number at about 10% going forward or do you think the initiative to drive some of these channels can put some pressure on that as we move beyond 2013? And then maybe from Rob, can we just get some more detail or could you elaborate on a couple of the initiatives you talked about? First, the rollout of the cloud-based IP guide and you talked about developing more video apps and extending those beyond the home. When -- what -- can you give us a little bit more detail there and when we can see those?
Glenn A. Britt: On the first one, I think it's -- beyond what we said, I don't want to say much, numerically. But the actions we're taking are not going to dramatically change the trajectory of programming cost. I do hope that we can, over time, improve the perceived price value relationship though and then, clearly, consumers, particularly people who are under economic duress, are looking at these big packages and they're saying, it costs more than I can afford, number one. And number two, there's too many networks I never watch and I don't care about. And that's kind of what we're trying to address. Obviously, sports and other really popular programming keep getting more and more expensive, and that's where most of the money is. But these networks that hang on, I think they have a birthrate of carriage even though hardly anybody watches them. Those are the ones we're going to be taking a look at.
Robert D. Marcus: And John, with respect to the cloud-based guide, I mean I guess the first thing that's worth mentioning, and we've mentioned it before, is that we already have a cloud-based guide that's in front of a couple of hundred thousand customers in a couple of markets and we've had it out there for a while, and we've learned from it. The cloud-based guide I was referring to, is what we call our hosted navigation product. It will be available back half of this year. It will work on our new IP set-top boxes. It will work on what is essentially a souped-up DVR. Some people have referred to it as a Gateway device, which has 1 terabyte of storage, 6 tuners and has the ability to transcode video into IP, so it can be consumed not only by the IP set-top boxes but by other devices in the home. So we're looking forward to that. I think the experience will be markedly better than the set-top box-based guide experience. There will be easier navigation, more box art, better search, all of the things that viewers have come to expect based on their interaction with video on the web. So I think that's going to be a really exciting change. Refresh, what was your question on the video apps?
John C. Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, first, is that new guide? And that media guide, will it going to be available in all your markets in the second half? And then you said, extending the apps not just so that they're useful inside the home but potentially I guess, with maybe the...
Robert D. Marcus: So on the guide, look, it will not -- the guide will initially only function on these new pieces of hardware that I'm referring to. So on one level, the proliferation of the guide will be dependent upon the rollout of the hardware. Whether or not it's available in every single market, I think it's still too early to say what the exact rollout schedule is. So we'll give you more as the year progresses. On video apps, we already have a pretty healthy portfolio of rights to deliver video product outside the home. But so far, customers access to those -- the video product, has been dependent on their visiting the programmers' website. What I expect later this year, and in fact late first quarter, early second quarter, is that those video products will find their way into our apps even when you're outside the home. So the experience will be better in the sense that the programming will be aggregated and easier to navigate. So I think we've listed these before but obviously, we have the ESPN suite of services, we have rights with respect to Viacom's products, Big Ten Network, we have some professional sports product from the leagues. It's a pretty decent list, and I think the experience will be a lot better once we incorporate them in our apps. I see that it's half past the hour, so that's probably all we have time for this morning. Thanks, everyone, for joining us. And to give a little bit of advanced notice, our next quarterly conference call will be held on Thursday, April 25 at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. Thanks for joining us, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tom Robey Glenn A. Britt - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert D. Marcus - President and Chief Operating Officer Irene M. Esteves - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division John C. Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division James M. Ratcliffe - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Vijay A. Jayant - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Bryan D. Kraft - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Thomas W. Eagan - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Frank G. Louthan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Michael McCormack - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Amy Yong - Macquarie Research Stefan Anninger - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Time Warner Cable Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. And now I'll turn today's call over to Tom Robey, Senior Vice President of Time Warner Cable Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Candy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Time Warner Cable's 2012 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This morning, we issued a press release detailing our 2012 third quarter results. Before we begin, there are a couple of items I need to cover. First, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures. Definitions and schedules setting out reconciliations of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release and trending schedules. Second, today's announcement includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements herein due to various factors, which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Time Warner Cable is under no obligation to and, in fact, expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. And finally, today's press release, trending schedules, presentation slides and related reconciliation schedules are available on our website at twc.com/investors. With that covered, I'll thank you and turn the call over to Glenn. Glenn?
Glenn A. Britt: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. I want to begin by thanking all of our employees who worked in many ways to help keep our customers informed and connected during last week's storm, as well as those who've been dealing with the many aftereffects. I'm truly inspired by the tremendous dedication of our residential and commercial operations and customer care teams, as well as our news channels, including New York 1, News Channel 14 in the Carolinas and YNN in upstate New York. They did an amazing job covering the approach, impact and now the aftermath of the storm. Our customers have noticed that hard work, and they appreciate it, as do I. I would note that we have sustained some damage to our facilities, vehicles and outdoor plant almost entirely here in New York City. We're still evaluating the loss and the extent of insurance coverage, but we don't expect the amount to be very significant. Certainly, on a relative basis, it pales in comparison to the losses that so many families, businesses and communities have suffered. Our third quarter was in many ways like the quarter that preceded it, more than 9% revenue growth with very steady margins and increasing return of capital to shareholders. We've been able to generate these steady results despite a fair amount of noise in the environment around us. In particular, the economy continues to bounce along the bottom, and we have intense competition, especially here in New York City. We continue to grow our business services revenue at a very healthy clip. And again, we captured share in residential broadband. In addition, we're benefiting from the election cycle. Advertising was a big driver of our results in the third quarter, and political spending in Ohio and Wisconsin had been very strong in the weeks leading up to the election. This is a great business for us. The rates are attractive, and the margins are more attractive still. The downside, of course, is that federal elections only happen every other year. We completed the Spectrum sale to Verizon Wireless in the quarter. And clearly, we're pleased with the return we generated on this investment. And as important, we think we're pursuing the right wireless strategy. We're now engaged with Verizon Wireless, selling each other's products in much of our footprint. And we're aggressively investing in WiFi. So far, most of our WiFi investment has been focused in Los Angeles and, to a lesser extent, in New York, Charlotte and Kansas City. It's early days, but we're excited by the potential of WiFi to significantly enhance our broadband customers' experience. So although there's no shortage of challenges, we're in a strong and stable business, we're executing well, and we're investing to capture attractive long-term opportunities. And now I'll turn the call over to Rob and then Irene to dive into the details. Rob?
Robert D. Marcus: Thanks, Glenn, and good morning, everyone. It's my pleasure to report on another solid quarter. As always, there's a lot to talk about, but I'd like to start with business services, which is clearly becoming an increasingly significant part of the TWC story. To give you a sense of just how significant, this quarter, business services contributed more than half of our organic revenue growth. We're driving that growth by investing in people and plant. Sales headcount is up by more than 300 account execs year-over-year. And we increased the number of commercial buildings connected to our network by roughly 30,000 in Q3 alone. At the end of the quarter, we had around 700,000 buildings on net, with more than 30,000 of them lit with fiber. We now have 550,000 business services customer relationships. Most are still small businesses, but we continue to move up market with Metro Ethernet and direct Internet access products, which generated more than 1/3 of business services' high-speed data revenue in Q3. Nearly 60% of our business customers are single plays, mostly broadband onlys. We view that as an opportunity. So we've not only been seeking to expand our customer base, but we've also been focused on selling more products to existing customers. All of our Q3 net adds were bundles. And in just the last 2 years, we've increased the portion of business customers in bundles from 33% to 43%. A lot of that is due to the availability of Business Class Phone, revenues from which grew almost 60% in the third quarter. We think there's still more opportunity to upsell customers within the 3 primary products. And with our ongoing investment in new products, including cloud-based services, the opportunities are greater still. NaviSite is performing well. NaviSite revenue has continued to grow nicely, over 20% year-over-year in the third quarter. And the bookings trend is strong. In the past months, we've reached one of our objectives for NaviSite by launching our first cloud-based Software-as-a-Service offering for small and medium-size businesses. Customers of any size can now have access to enterprise-grade productivity and collaboration tools, such as Hosted Microsoft Exchange and SharePoint. Early days, but we're excited about the progress. Cell tower backhaul continues to grow. We added more than 450 towers to our network in Q3, and we're now generating revenue from more than 9,000 cellular radios. And the good news for future growth is that we've got an extremely healthy backlog of additional towers under contract. So long story short, there's a lot of opportunity in business services, and we're executing well. On the residential side of the company, we also have a lot of good work going on. Third quarter subscriber numbers came in just about where we expected. On a year-over-year basis, phone was a little better, and broadband and video were a tad lighter. The details are shown on Slide 3 of the presentation materials. I know I may sound like a broken record, but we really haven't seen a lot of change either in the macroeconomic or competitive environment. We estimate that U-verse is available in 1/4 of our footprint, and FiOS is marketed to another 12% of our Homes Pass. U-verse featured fairly aggressive Double Play promotions, especially in Texas and the Midwest, while FiOS continue to aggressively enter new buildings in New York City. Against that backdrop, our broadband product again performed very well against the telcos in the third quarter. We drove 85,000 residential net adds, driven by record levels of Triple Play and broadband single-play connects. Not including the acquisitions, we've increased HSD singles by roughly 400,000 over the last year. In addition, our residential HSD subscriber mix continued to improve. We drove our highest ever DOCSIS 3.0 growth with net adds of 73,000 to our 30/5 Extreme tier and our 50/5 Ultimate tier. Together with the Turbo tier, these now comprise over 22% of our residential high-speed data customer base. In addition to driving volume, we increased new connect ARPU year-over-year in part through a modem rental fee we introduced to new customers in April. In October, we expanded the modem fee to cover most of our existing residential customers. In essence, this is a rate increase on our HSD service, but the key is that our customers have a choice. If customers would prefer to buy their own modem from a list of qualified options, we're all for it. After all, if the modem is on the customers' balance sheet, that's less CapEx for us and fewer truck rolls. That said, we think that most customers will recognize the value of having Time Warner Cable install and maintain their equipment and, when needed, replace it with newer, more capable equipment. Through our continued investment, we're making the broadband product even better. Over the next 60 days, we're planning to increase our Standard tier downstream speeds by 50% to as much as 15 megabits per second. In addition, we're continuing to aggressively build WiFi in select areas. At quarter end, we had installed over 8,000 access points, including more than 7,600 in Los Angeles. The results so far are very encouraging. We continue to observe lower churn rates among WiFi users. The key now is to increase awareness and usage. One way we're doing that is through the newest version of our TWC WiFi Finder App, which simplifies the connection process to TWC WiFi Hotspots or, when there's not one available, to third-party access points. In addition, we continue to expand the universe of Hotspots available to our customers through our roaming agreements with other cable companies. As I mentioned, our promotional activities in the third quarter drove our highest Triple Play connect volume ever. As a result, we added 27,000 more Triple Plays this year than last. U-verse aggressively promoted a low-price Double Play in several of our markets in the quarter, and that may have had an impact on our Double Play net adds, which were weaker than last year. Over the last several quarters, we focused our marketing and offers on Triple Plays and HSD singles. And I think there's an opportunity to do a better job appealing to potential Double Play customers, often younger renters who don't use a landline phone. We've been promoting a Turbo plus basic video Double Play, which has gained some traction, but we have more work to do here. We had a net loss of 140,000 video customers in Q3, again those losses over-indexed analog and Single Play. It's worth noting that although the weakness in video continued, Q3 marked our best year-over-year performance of 2012. That said, we're hard at work trying to drive better overall video sub performance, including by continually improving our video product. In particular, in Q3, we made major strides in making our sports offerings more compelling and more competitive. In September, we added the Pac-12 Networks and the NFL Network to our digital basic tier of service. And we added NFL's RedZone to our Sports Pass tier. The response to those networks has been terrific. We've already seen a meaningful increase in the penetration of our Sports Pass tier since the addition of RedZone. And of course, we're incredibly excited to have launched Time Warner Cable SportsNet and Time Warner Cable Deportes on October 1, in time for the start of the Lakers pre-season. With the regular season now underway, we're pleased that we've sealed affiliation deals with Charter, AT&T and Verizon, and we're still hard at work negotiating with others. In any event, Time Warner Cable customers seemed thrilled to have the networks, and I think it's fair to say that we picked up more than a few video subs due to our carriage. Needless to say, advertising is going gangbusters. In fact, just last week, we hit $1 billion in sales this year, which is a record for us. Irene will give you the details, but as you'd guess, it's driven by political spending, though auto has been very strong as well. We worked in recent weeks to maximize the political advertising opportunity in battleground states like Ohio and Wisconsin, by selling ad inventory that we'd normally use for internal marketing. Political demand won't last forever, but I think we've made the most of it this year. I've mentioned in recent calls a number of the operating initiatives we are working on to improve acquisition, retention and the overall customer experience. Programs like self-install, self-service through our MyServices web portal, one-hour service windows, sales and retention training and enhancements to our direct sales and online channels. I'm not going to take you through each of these this morning, but suffice it to say that our teams are hard at work to drive the results we expect from these programs. So in summary, we have a lot of exciting things going on across the company. We delivered a solid quarter, and we're laying the groundwork for continued success. Thank you. With that, I'll turn it over to Irene to discuss our financials.
Irene M. Esteves: Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with some third quarter highlights on Slide 4. We continued to drive solid performance and returned a lot of capital to shareholders through both share repurchases and dividends. And we remain on track to meet or exceed all elements of our full year financial guidance. But please note, none of our guidance includes any impact from Hurricane Sandy. We're still evaluating the potential impact to our business. However, we don't expect the impact to be significant. In the next 10 minutes or so, I'll give you some insight into third quarter trends and point out some of the key drivers of our performance. So let's jump right into our financial results on the next slide. Our 9% revenue growth in the third quarter was driven primarily by acquisitions, which added $290 million of revenue. Excluding that, revenue was up 3%. As you can see on the slide, we continue to drive revenue by increasing total ARPU per customer relationship, which increased 3% over last year to over $117 per month. Moving on to Slide 6. Third quarter business services revenue was up 27% or $106 million. Excluding the impact from acquisitions, business services revenues still grew 22.5% year-over-year. That's our 10th consecutive quarter of at least 20% organic growth. And we continue to see growth accelerating at our more stable end user-driven revenue, which is becoming a larger part of our mix compared to less predictable wholesale transport. And looking at organic growth only, the $87 million increase was driven by 20% growth in HSD from shared and dedicated Internet access, as well as Metro Ethernet, 54% growth in phone and 20.5% growth in wholesale transport revenue, including cell tower backhaul. So we remain well on our way to achieving total business service revenue growth at the upper end of the 25% to 30% zone this year. For residential services, let's start with revenue on Slide 7. We remain focused on driving both subscriber revenue and profit per household. Third quarter revenue grew 7%. Excluding the impact from acquisitions, revenue grew 1%, driven by a robust 8% growth in HSD, while video revenue was down 2%, and voice revenue was down 1%. Our total residential subscription ARPU per customer relationship increased to $103.07 in the third quarter, up 1.5% from last year's third quarter. Residential HSD ARPU increased year-over-year for the 14th consecutive quarter, rising 3.1%. The increase reflected price increases, including the introduction of a modem fee and an improved subscriber mix as we migrate subscribers to higher-priced tiers of service. At quarter end, Turbo and Wideband subscribers comprised just over 22% of our residential HSD customer base, up from 18% a year ago and just 10% 3 years ago. Video ARPU increased 1.8%, driven by price increases, a more favorable video subscriber mix and increased equipment rentals. These factors were partially offset by a decline in video-on-demand revenue per sub, which was negatively impacted by a tough comparison from the Mayweather-Ortiz fight in 2011 and the competition from the Olympics this year. And voice ARPU declined 3.5%, primarily related to the proportion of customers and promotional offers. On the next slide, we can cover our advertising results. Political advertising accounted for almost half of our advertising growth of 22%. But excluding political, advertising was up a strong 12%, driven by the acquisition of Insight and a very strong automotive category. With 3 quarters of the year on the books already, we continue to expect ad revenue growth in the 15% to 20% range this year. Through September 30, political advertising this year totaled $54 million. And based on prior political years, 50% to 60% of total annual political spend comes in the fourth quarter. Remember that while we are enjoying this tailwind in 2012, it is likely to be a tough comp in 2013. Let's turn to Slide 9. Third quarter adjusted OIBDA growth was 9%, resulting in a flat margin year-over-year. Total third quarter operating expense grew 9% compared to last year, largely driven by acquisitions and our hiring in business services. Beyond these 2 major drivers, there are few other expense areas I'd like to highlight that are likely to have continuing impact. For the first 9 months of 2012, pension expenses increased by nearly 50% to $137 million, due in large part to a 70-basis-point drop in interest rates in 2011. Given about 100 basis points additional decline in interest rates during 2012 to date, we expect pension expense will be up substantially in 2013. Our Go It Alone project is on track to deliver savings expected in 2012, giving us an annual average cost of nearly $9 per sub, down from $12 per sub in 2010. However, given we won't be migrating a significant number of additional customers until the second half of next year, we don't expect this per-sub rate to change materially until 2014. We also benefited in the third quarter from our strategic sourcing initiative, which continues to bring down our cost of purchased goods. And during the third quarter, we also invested in new initiatives. In Q3, the combined net costs from these initiatives were approximately $20 million, about the same as the investment in new initiatives in the third quarter of 2011. We still expect our total 2012 net costs from new initiatives to be in the range of $100 million to $150 million. And while we're talking about the new initiatives, it's probably a good time to spend a minute talking about the accounting for the L.A. RSNs, now that we've launched. First, there are 2 components of revenue: advertising, which will be reported as advertising revenue; and fees from affiliates, which will be included in other revenue. On the expense side, the licensing fees we pay for the sports rights will be included in other costs of revenue. And all other expenses related to the RSNs, such as employee, SG&A and depreciation, will be recorded within the corresponding category. Moving on to Slide 10, our operating income rose 9% to almost $1.1 billion in the third quarter, reflecting higher adjusted OIBDA that was partially offset by increases in depreciation and amortization. Higher D&A from Insight was partially offset by a reduction in depreciation related to the roll-off of Adelphia and Comcast assets that were fully depreciated as of July 2012. Despite declining margins in our video business and the opportunities we've taken to invest behind our business, we've been able to hold our operating income margin at 20.4%, equal to last year. We incurred $32 million of merger-related and restructuring costs in the quarter and $98 million in the first 9 months of the year. We expect to incur some additional restructuring costs during the fourth quarter as we continue to look for ways to improve our operating efficiency. And for the full year 2012, we still expect to generate operating income growth of around 10%. Turning to the next slide. Third quarter diluted earnings per share was $2.60. Adjusted diluted EPS, which excludes a number of items affecting comparability, including the SpectrumCo and Clearwire investment-related gains and certain tax matters, increased 27% to $1.41. These items affecting comparability are detailed in Note 1 to our press release. We now expect the 2012 full year reported diluted EPS, which includes the gains, will be in the $6.50 to $6.75 range. And turning to capital spending on Slide 12. Capital spending is trending as planned. During the first 3 quarters of the year, we invested $2.2 billion, which is tracking well with our full year guidance. CapEx as a percentage of revenue was 13.8%, a slight increase from the first 3 quarters of last year. And business services capital intensity was 30.6%, and residential advertising and other capital spending was at 12.2% of revenue. Third quarter CapEx was up 22% to $773 million, due to the timing of our capital spend and the addition of Insight CapEx in 2012. We still expect the capital intensity, excluding the impact of Insight, will continue to decline with full year capital spending in the $2.9 billion to $3 billion range, consistent with the levels of the last 2 years. We continue to expect Insight to add about $150 million of capital expenditures to that range in 2012. Moving on to our free cash flow on Slide 13. Excluding bonus depreciation, free cash flow for the 9 months was up 12.2%, primarily due to higher adjusted OIBDA and lower income tax payments due to NOLs and other onetime deductions related to the Insight acquisition. This was partially offset by higher CapEx, interest payments and pension plan contributions. We made pension contributions of $152 million in the first 9 months of this year compared to $79 million during the same period last year. At the end of the third quarter, our pension plan was underfunded by $500 million. While we're likely to make additional pension contributions during the fourth quarter, we don't feel it's advisable to reach a fully funded status at year-end given the current environment of historically low interest rates. Including bonus depreciation, free cash flow for the first 9 months of 2012 remained very strong at $2 billion, but down nearly $400 million versus the prior year. The impact of bonus depreciation was a $536 million net benefit in 2011 and a negative of $76 million in 2012. So this alone explains a $162 million decrease in free cash flow. So while the low interest rate environment negatively impacts our pension plan, including higher expense and lower funded status, we believe that on balance, low rates are highly beneficial to us since we are a large borrower, and we benefit from these lower rates on both our floating rate debt and on our new debt issues. For example, in August 2012, we issued $1.25 billion of 30-year bonds at 4.5%, a record low for the company. And let me reiterate what I was talking about on the bonus depreciation. We had a swing of $612 million decrease in free cash flow from 2011 to 2012. Excluding the impact of the bonus depreciation, we're still expecting 2012 free cash flow to grow in the range of 20% to 25%. Before we move onto our capital returns, let's flip to Slide 14, which we have included for the last 5 quarters to help you project the impact of bonus depreciation reversal over the next several years. If you have any questions, please just give us a call. So let's move on to our capital return slide, Slide 15. We ended the quarter with net debt and preferred equity totaling $23.5 billion, a $1.9 billion increase from year-end 2011. And our reported leverage ratio was 3.05x our last 12 months adjusted OIBDA. Including the normal adjustments, which is reflecting slight increase in underfunded pension obligations and facility leases, and adjusted for a full year of Insight results, our leverage ratio is closer to our target ratio. We were able to increase our repurchase pace after our leverage ratio was returned back under our target, following our Insight acquisition. In the third quarter, we returned nearly 160% of free cash flow or $673 million in total to shareholders, $173 million in dividends and $500 million in share repurchases. This was an increase of 14% in share repurchases compared to the prior quarter and 42% over the level 2 quarters ago. For the full year 2012, we continue to expect to return more than 100% of free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, assuming the absence of a significant acquisition or other strategic events. So in summary, we delivered another good quarter and remain on track to meet or exceed all elements of our financial -- our full year financial guidance. Thank you. And with that, I'll turn it over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Irene. Candy, we're ready to begin Q&A. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: Our first question comes from Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just have a clarification and a question, so hopefully, that's not breaking Tom's rules. So I'll try it. On the guidance, Irene, for earnings that you gave, I just want to be clear. It's the old range plus the impact of just the gains this quarter, is that the comment?
Irene M. Esteves: The special gains, that's correct.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then, Rob, you mentioned the telco competition, and I'm just curious, particularly in New York City, if you a sense for how much of the sort of potential passings or likely passings you think Verizon has already gone through in the city. And I realize given sort of co-ops and things, it's a slower process. But any sense for sort of how far along we are in that buildout and how you're competing with FiOS from a marketing and bundling perspective versus, say, the rest of your footprint?
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, Ben, I -- it's very hard to know specifics on exactly how many buildings the FiOS product is available in. They've been at it for quite a while, and we think they're fairly well along, although Manhattan has clearly lagged the rest of the New York City footprint that they've entered. From a marketing and sales perspective, I think the story is very similar to what it's been over the past couple of years since they've been in the market. And that is ensuring that we've got the very best product offering in New York City and continuing to make the customer experience as good as it can possibly be. In addition, we're doing a bunch of things on the logistics side in terms of improving our acquisition and retention cues through better scripting and sales training. And I think we're doing a very good job overall on the marketing side, not only in New York City, but across the footprint. We're spending our dollars more wisely than we have in the past, and I think the dollars we're spending are having a better impact. In fact, over the last -- each of the last 3 quarters, our marketing spend per connect is down year-over-year. So I would argue we're getting more efficient on the marketing front, and that applies to New York as well.
Operator: Next question, John Hodulik from UBS.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Maybe again for Rob. Just on the modem rental fees, is there any sort of early reads in terms of what the reception has been in terms of have you seen higher churn or maybe what percentage of customers may be going out and buying their own modem?
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, it is early days. But so far, we're tracking roughly 3% of customers buying their own modem as opposed to renting ours. I would say, overall, the reaction has been entirely predictable. As with any rate increase, there are certain customers who do call in and resist taking the increase. But by and large, this is a more broad-based price increase than we generally do in that it hits somewhere in the order of 80% to 90% of our customers. And I think it's been very manageable, and we're pleased with the reaction so far.
Operator: Next question, Rich Greenfield, BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: Really just wondering on the broadband side, when you look at the key drivers of your market share, I mean, you're growing and you're certainly taking substantial share from the R box [ph]. I guess, just given how fast broadband usage is soaring in this country, one of the questions we think about is, why isn't the cable industry, and specifically, why aren't you guys even taking share faster? Like what is the big constraint on people continuing to be on DSL? And how do you move that line faster in terms of people shifting over to you for broadband and therefore, taking your other products? I mean is it simply a relative pricing issue? I see that you're increasing speeds it sounds like over the next few weeks. Do you need to get to even a wider gap versus the R box [ph]? Is that the kind of the reason you're doing that? Just trying to understand how you move that line faster because I think everyone is focused on the cable stocks, and certainly your stock, based on your broadband penetration growth.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, Rich, I think that your assessment is generally consistent with what we're doing. The goal here is to increase the value proposition of our broadband product across a range of customer segments. So for customers at the high end, I think we're doing a very good job offering faster speeds, premium services, mobility, where we're placing our WiFi Hotspots, and the continued availability of an unlimited offering, I think, is very important for those users. Where I think we can do a better job is providing additional products at the lower end, for economy customers who are -- who might be priced out of enjoying the fastest speeds, unlimited usage and WiFi Hotspots. So we're very focused on ensuring that at every spot along the demand curve, we've got a product that's appropriate for our customers and ensure that no customers are seeking the cheap price offered by DSL because we don't have something for them.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: If I could just follow up, you didn't mention Signature Home customers. Can you give a sense of where that is now year-over-year?
Robert D. Marcus: We added 7,000 Signature Home customers in the quarter. That's pretty much of a 10% -- roughly a 10% increase in the base. I think we're at 67,000 total now.
Operator: Next question, James Ratcliffe, Barclays.
James M. Ratcliffe - Barclays Capital, Research Division: One, on capital structure as you look forward to '13, how do the potential changes in tax and particularly on dividends affect your thought process around buyback or dividend mix for next year? And secondly, you've clearly been pushing the WiFi deployment pretty hard in L.A. How do you assess the return on these WiFi investments? I mean, where should we expect to see them pop up on the plus side effectively?
Irene M. Esteves: On the share repurchases and dividend question, we've been paying a healthy dividend since we first introduced it, and we've made 2 increases to that dividend. We think that our investors appreciate the dividend and will continue to even if tax rates change on that rate. And then there are other shareholders that prefer share repurchases. So we're trying to -- we're managing our balance sheet in order to provide both a strong dividend and continuing dividend, as well as leave the flexibility to the extent we're below our leverage ratio for share repurchases. So we'll watch and see what's happening with the tax front, but as it stands today, we haven't changed our philosophy.
Glenn A. Britt: On the WiFi question, the main impact that we're seeing is a reduction in churn. And as Rob said, it is very early days. I mean, the usage isn't that great yet, but we're seeing very promising reduction in churn, promising enough that we're encouraged to keep going in both L.A. and other cities.
Operator: Next question, Jessica Reif Cohen, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I didn't hear you guys mention anything in terms of how you will use the SpectrumCo proceeds. Will they be returned to shareholders, in what form and what timeframe?
Irene M. Esteves: Jessica, it's Irene. Our pace was up this quarter, about 14% versus prior quarter and 42% from the quarter before that. It also represented 160% of the quarter's free cash flow. So we do feel our repurchase pace is increasing and is strong. And really, as you know, it's an outcome of our balance sheet philosophy and where our target leverage ratio is closer to our -- when we're closer to our target ratio, obviously, we're going to have a slower rate. And when it's -- we're further, we'll have an increasing rate. And we may not be there exactly at 3.25 every quarter. We tend to take a measured approach on this, as well as most things, but we'll get there over time.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And can I just ask one other question on the impact of the Verizon JV? How do you feel about the progress that you're making? Do you feel like you're -- I mean, it's hard to say, I mean, I know it's still early days, but can you give us any kind of color in terms of expectations and impact from this?
Robert D. Marcus: It is early days, Jessica, but we are now, in all of our footprint x the FiOS market, jointly selling both our products and Verizon Wireless's products and vice versa. We're in, I think, somewhere in the order of 250 Verizon Wireless stores and then somewhere in the order of 650-or-so Verizon third-party agent stores. So we're certainly out there, and the results so far have been good. I -- we're still in the thousands of -- single-digit thousands of PSUs sold in Verizon Wireless's stores, but we feel very positive about the relationship. There's one development, up until now, we've really been operating on a manual system. And the good news is that come the end of the month, we'll be fully automated. In other words, a Verizon Wireless rep in a Verizon Wireless store will be able to enter an order and have it feed directly into our billing system. And I think that development will certainly facilitate more sales. So more to come, but we feel very good about the relationship.
Operator: Next question, Doug Mitchelson, Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Also trying to dodge Tom's rule, I have a follow-up for -- from Ben's video question and a question for Irene. The follow-up for Rob, I was interested in the breakout of video sub losses between Insight New York City and prior Time Warner Cable x New York City. So specifically, if you exclude New York City and exclude the Insight markets, it seems like the rest of your footprint might have actually improved year-over-year in video net losses. So that's that question. Then for Irene, you mentioned higher pension expense in 2013, a lack of political ad revenue, the fact that the rest of the Sprint cost savings predominantly hit in 2014. Should we take this commentary as negative messaging around potential 2013 EBITDA performance, or are the modem fee and the Insight cost synergies offsetting these pressures?
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, so, Doug, I always hesitate to get too granular in terms of specific PSU performance in specific markets. I think it's fair to say that the Insight story is pretty consistent with what we're seeing in the broader Midwest region, which is not terribly different from what we're seeing across the company. In Q3, I would tell you that, without getting into numbers, the Pac West, which is our L.A. market, as well as the Carolinas and the Northeast, did relatively better with the other 3 markets, meaning New York City, Texas and the Midwest doing somewhat less well. But that's about as specific as I think we ought to get.
Irene M. Esteves: And, Doug, on the comments around next year and our expenses, this really could be helpful as far as pointing out some things that are happening today that will have an impact for next year. So that as you and others are thinking about your models for next year, we're not overestimating some positive impacts and not taking into account these other headwinds. So we're just trying to give you a larger picture of how you might want to be thinking about 2013.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And so the point then, Irene, is that these sort of net out then is what you're saying?
Irene M. Esteves: Well, I can't say how they net out. But certainly, we'll be giving our guidance, as we normally do, in January for the full year.
Operator: Next question, Vijay Jayant, ISI Group.
Vijay A. Jayant - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Question for Rob. You talked about the business services growth, and that seems to be going very well. Can you sort of talk about as you go up the value chain and sort of attempt to connect the bigger enterprises, do you have the expertise with NaviSite and what you've built so far? Or do you need to potentially buy CLEC end market now that the FCC allows you to do that?
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, Vijay, I think we have in-house what we need in order to move meaningfully up market from where we are. The vast majority of our business services revenue still comes from smaller customers. So we haven't really meaningfully delved into the upmarket opportunity quite yet. The only thing I would point out is that as you move into national enterprises and even global enterprises to the extent that our footprint is currently limited to set markets within the U.S., there are limitations on our ability to serve those customers with our own network. So what that requires is that we, in a sense, partner with other network owners and offer services on what's known as a type 2 basis. That does change the profitability of providing those services, but it's something we can do, we just don't do it 100% by ourselves. So simple point here is that I think we have the capability to go upmarket without any -- doing anything inorganic.
Operator: Next question, Craig Moffett, Bernstein.
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Rob or Irene, maybe you could just update us a little bit on your latest thinking with usage-based pricing, what's been happening in Texas? And with the cable modem fee, which is obviously not a step in usage-based pricing, does that put off anything that you would otherwise do in moving toward usage-based pricing over the next couple of months? How should we think about that?
Robert D. Marcus: So we're now in Texas, the Carolinas and the Midwest with usage-based pricing. We've got on the docket New York City in the Northeast for the next month or so. And I think by year-end, we'll be 100% across the footprint with UVP available or Internet Essentials, as we call it. I think that although the customer uptake of Internet Essentials is still small, it's a very important principle that we've established, one that usage and price relate to one another. And secondly, we think it's very important that we give customers who use less a choice to pay less. And whether or not there's significant uptake of the service, we think those are very important principles to have established. So we're in no way reducing the emphasis on that product because the numbers are still relatively small.
Irene M. Esteves: And as far as the modem fee, we're looking at that as part of our overall pricing strategy on HSD. It's not -- we shouldn't think of it as separate and apart from what our customers are paying us for the overall service. We think it's -- makes sense given what the competitive set is charging.
Operator: Next question, Jason Bazinet, Citi.
Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I just have 2 questions on pension. How long do you have the flexibility to sort of maintain the $500 million of underfunding? And then what would rates have to do in terms of increased interest rates to sort of become fully funded?
Irene M. Esteves: Jason, it's Irene. The $500 million underfunding really comes from the fact that the interest rates are so low. It's historically very low, and we thought, how could they go any lower when they're 100 basis points lower this year? So we're comfortable that, given a more normalized interest rate over the next few years, we'll get back to a fully funded status. We can't give you specifics because there's so many things that go into the actuarial assumptions in our pension, but we're fully comfortable -- we're very comfortable with where we are based on what our expectations are for longer-term interest rates.
Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And just roughly, if you hold all of the other variables equal, what would rates have to do to sort of close the gap?
Irene M. Esteves: It's about 100 basis points.
Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, all right. Not much. All right.
Operator: Next question, Bryan Kraft, Evercore Partners.
Bryan D. Kraft - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to ask you just 2 real quick ones. One, the decline in transactional VOD revenue was pretty steep sequentially and year-over-year, and just wanted to understand what was behind that, if there was any change there? And then on the NFL Network, was there any discernible impact in September on your video subscriber trends from not having the NFL Network? I know that they improved the quality of the games that were on the NFL Network in September. And if so, is it reasonable to expect some improvement because of less churn coming off of you actually starting to carry that network?
Robert D. Marcus: So, Bryan, transactional VOD was down about $15 million or $16 million year-over-year, and that was pretty evenly split across the 3 big transactional VOD categories, meaning movies on demand, events and adult. We attribute some of that to the fact that Q3 had the Olympics, which distracted people from VOD. So and the other key piece in the event category was, on a year-over-year basis, the comparable was a little bit tough. We had a big fight last year. We didn't have a big boxing, that is, fight this year. So I think that's what's accounting for the transactional VOD reduction. On NFL, obviously, we wouldn't have made the investment in the NFL Network if we didn't think it would have a positive impact on both video subscribers, generally, and on the sports tier. It's very easy to ascertain whether or not the sports tier is improving, little bit more difficult to determine whether or not the NFL Network itself is having the desired impact on video. I will say that September was better than August, which was better than July, but that has as much to do with seasonality as anything else.
Operator: Next question, Tom Eagan, Canaccord.
Thomas W. Eagan - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Over the past 9 months, you've launched a lot of video enhancements, like the thing that we watch video live on your iPad and other services. Could you give us some sense of how that's either affected the connects or the churn?
Robert D. Marcus: Tom, I think the answer there is very similar to the answer I gave on the NFL Network. Very hard to ascertain what any individual enhancement's impact is on overall sub performance. But we try to stack these benefits up with the hope that we're increasing the value proposition, we think we are. The usage on our TWC TV apps has been very encouraging. I think we had something like 650,000-plus unique users in the month of September. They used it 3 million times. And the really interesting thing is the length of the sessions are actually increasing. We've seen people use it for 0.5 hour on average per session. So I think that the usage is probably the best proxy we have for the fact that people are valuing these enhancements. And if they're valuing them, we have to believe that they're having some impact on retention at least. And with word-of-mouth and marketing, they should have an important on marketing -- on acquisition as well.
Operator: Next question, Frank Louthan, Raymond James.
Frank G. Louthan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Back to the other -- the question on the CLEC or the type 2 business, to what extent are you incorporating that on a more regular basis with new contracts? And when should we start to see you more aggressively taking on customers that are outside of your footprint?
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, Frank, it's part of our BAU. It's certainly the case that most of our monthly recurring revenue comes from smaller customers. But we're out marketing to enterprise customers, and with NaviSite as a team that historically has marketed to enterprise, we're using that as a launchpad for selling connectivity to those larger customers as well. And to the extent that some of their needs are out of footprint, we're certainly providing them on a type 2 basis, which is, as you well now, sort of normal for the industry. Even the providers with the largest networks are not in every building and rent type 2 circuits to service some customers. So we're already doing it. Obviously, it's an area we want to continue to grow.
Operator: Next question, Mike McCormack, Nomura Securities.
Michael McCormack - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Just if you would, a quick comment on the programming cost per sub looked a little bit low. I'm just trying to think how we should be thinking about that maybe not only in the fourth quarter, but as the next year progresses. And then just secondly, if I can, the voice costs, how far along are you on a per-sub basis on getting where you want to be on voice costs coming down?
Irene M. Esteves: Sure. On the programming costs, what really matters is when we sign new contracts and when we renew those contracts. It's a bit lumpy, and you've seen that in various quarters through this year, the percent change versus the prior year. And there's also a little bit of special adjustments in this quarter's number. And the pay-per-view being down, of course, will bring down the programming costs related to that. But as you think about Q4, you'll see the NFL contract kick in there, and then we've signed some other contracts, which will also have an increase in Q4. But we've reiterated guidance around that 6% to 7% range of increase and we're probably at the low end of the range for the full year. And sorry, on the voice side, we are at about $9 per sub right now, down from $12. And we don't expect that to change measurably given a lot of the contracts were up with Sprint in 2010 and 2011. So we benefited with savings in -- within 2012. But we really didn't have that many contracts coming up that we could convert within 2012, and we won't have a significant number of new contracts converting until the second half of 2013. So really, about -- only about 25% will be done by the end of the second quarter. The rest of it is in the second half of the year.
Robert D. Marcus: Just to add to that, I think we have 2.5 million voice customers left to migrate, give or take. And about 2.2 million of those will convert in the second half of 2013, just to give you a sense.
Irene M. Esteves: And there's a little bit left in early 2014.
Operator: Next question, Amy Yong, Macquarie.
Amy Yong - Macquarie Research: Can you just talk a little bit about the RSNs? And I guess if there are any intangibles in terms of getting more market share in L.A., and then maybe the return on that investment?
Robert D. Marcus: I'll start and I'm sure others will chime in. Our objective in acquiring the rights to the Lakers directly really, first and foremost, was managing our overall programming costs. And from our perspective, to the extent that the revenues that we generate from ad sales and third-party affiliate fees, less the costs of licensing the product that's on that network, as well as the costs of running the network, to the extent that the net of that divided by the number of subs that we have in the Lakers footprint is less than what we think we would've paid the third party for the service that carried the Lakers, we think that's a net positive to us. Right now, we've signed up affiliation deals with 3 providers: AT&T, Charter and Verizon, and there are more that are in the hopper. But so long as Time Warner Cable is the only one in a particular footprint that has the product, it stands to reason that we might attract some additional subscribers as a result of having the service. Our objective, of course, is to get full distribution. In terms of other intangibles, certainly having the Time Warner Cable brand on Time Warner Cable SportsNet and on Time Warner Cable Deportes, we think that that's a net positive for Time Warner Cable in the Lakers markets.
Irene M. Esteves: And also, I'll just add to that, having the Pac-12, as well as these RSNs, and that we just got the NFL Network, having that bundle of sports availability to our clients, particularly in that market, has been very powerful.
Operator: Our last question is from Stefan Anninger, Crdit Suisse.
Stefan Anninger - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can you talk a bit about your optimism about re-accelerating the video ARPU growth? It's clearly a challenging task, given the maturity of the category and the competition. But if you are optimistic about it, could you talk about where that might happen? Would it come from pushing more DVRs into homes, more premium sell-in, maybe more VOD, or is that just too tall an order at this point?
Robert D. Marcus: Stefan, we've said this before, but we tend not to manage the company for individual product line ARPUs. So what we really focus on is enhancing overall ARPU and, in fact, profitability per customer relationship. We're trying to drive penetration of all products into all homes, and then we're trying to maximize mix and price within those categories. So we've actually continued to improve video ARPU, but I would -- in spite of the fact that video bears a disproportionate brunt of our overall bundled and promotional discounting. It's just not the way we're driving the business though. And we really think about maximizing ARPU for the overall customer relationships. And we're going to continue to work to do that.
Tom Robey: I think that's probably all we have time for this morning. Thanks to everyone, for joining us. And to give you a little bit of advance notice, our next quarterly earnings conference call, which will reflect fourth quarter and full year 2012 results, would be held on Thursday, January 31, 2013, at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. Thanks for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tom Robey Glenn A. Britt - Chairman and Chief Executive officer Robert D. Marcus - President and Chief Operating Officer Irene M. Esteves - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Philip Cusick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Stefan Anninger - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Time Warner Cable's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mr. Tom Robey, Senior Vice President of Time Warner Cable Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Candy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Time Warner Cable's 2012 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This morning, we issued a press release detailing our 2012 second quarter results. Before we begin, there are a couple of items I want to cover. First, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures, including operating income before depreciation and amortization or OIBDA. In addition, we refer to adjusted OIBDA, adjusted OIBDA less capital expenditures and adjusted diluted earnings per share. Definitions and schedules setting out reconciliations of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release or our trending schedules. Second, today's announcement includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by statements herein due to various factors, including economic, business, competitive, technological, strategic and/or regulatory changes that could affect our business. These factors are discussed in detail in Time Warner Cable's SEC filings, including its most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Time Warner Cable is under no obligation to, and in fact expressly disclaims any such obligation, to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. And third, today's comments do not include the impact of the expected sale of AWS spectrum by SpectrumCo. Finally, today's press release, trending schedules, presentation slides and related reconciliation schedules are available on our company's website at twc.com/investors. A replay of today's call will be available beginning approximately 2 hours after the call has ended and will run through midnight, Eastern Time, August 6. With that covered, I'll thank you and turn the call over to Glenn. Glenn?
Glenn A. Britt: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. We had another good quarter, with more than 9% revenue growth. In that, we benefited from continued strong performance in residential, high-speed data and business services, from rising political advertising, and from our recent acquisition of Insight Communications. Quarterly adjusted OIBDA topped $2 billion for the first time, and you'll notice that we stepped up the pace of our share repurchase program. In fact, we've now bought back more than $4 billion of Time Warner Cable stock since the inception of the program. And that means we've retired over 15% of our outstanding shares. We've been able to deliver these steady results in an environment that remains extremely challenging. Competitive activity remains intense, unemployment is unfortunately stubbornly high and the housing market is still sluggish. Despite all that, we remain focused on meeting our customers' needs, both now and in the future, to continue the operational excellence and investment in our people, products, marketing and physical infrastructure. I feel very good about our competitive and financial position, and I'm pleased that we're on track to deliver on all of our guidance for the full year. Having said that, I'll turn the call over to Rob and then Irene for more details. Rob?
Robert D. Marcus: Thanks, Glenn, and good morning, everyone. Overall, I'm very pleased with our performance this quarter. As Glenn mentioned, residential high-speed data, business services and ad sales were standouts, but I'm also enthusiastic about the many initiatives we're pursuing to enable us to perform even better. I'll walk you through some of them in a moment, but first a word on the environment in which we're operating. The economic climate remains pretty tough. Improvement in employment and occupied housing has been slow and sporadic, resulting in continued pressure on a lot of consumers. Competitive intensity hasn't really changed much either. We did see a spike in DISH advertising spending and some especially rich U-verse promotions in the quarter as well as continued aggressive competition from FiOS in the roughly 12% of our footprint in which it is marketed. Against that backdrop, our overall subscriber performance was pretty solid, with strong interest HSD and voice connects, offset by soft video connects and the usual seasonal spike in disconnects across all products. The details of our Q2 subscriber net adds are shown on Slide 3 of the presentation materials. Consistent with our customer acquisition strategy in the first quarter, we continue to target triple plays and HSD single plays, and again, we met with success on both fronts. With triple play promotions priced at $89 and $99, we drove a more than 30% year-over-year increase in triple play connects, and we continue to have success in migrating existing single and double plays to triples. The resulting second quarter triple play net adds of 54,000 were 40% better than last year. Our strong triple play performance again drove better phone connects on a year-over-year basis, resulting in second quarter residential voice net adds of 45,000, also a 40% jump from last year's second quarter. In HSD, single play connect performance, coupled with our strong triple play results, yielded second quarter residential HSD net adds of 59,000. That's the third consecutive quarter of year-over-year improvement. Second quarter HSD single play connects were up 28% year-over-year, and notably, the monthly recurring revenue from newly-connected HSD singles was up almost 7% year-over-year. And our HSD subscriber mix continued to improve as well. Our Turbo, Extreme and Ultimate tiers together garnered 157,000 net adds and now comprise over 21% of our high-speed data customer base. Video exhibited the usual seasonal weakness in Q2. We had a net loss of 169,000 residential video subs, mostly analog singles. Video net loss was greater than last year's second quarter due to a falloff in video connects. While, in part, this reflects our emphasis on acquiring HSD subscribers, I think we can do better here, and in a few moments I'll cover some of the initiatives we've got under way. DVR net adds of 36,000 were 83,000 better than in the year ago quarter, driven by our triple play promotions and the availability of Whole Home DVR. Despite the rich DVR promotions in recent quarters, we generated more revenue per DVR in this year's Q2 than we did in last year's. Before leaving subscriber performance, I want to give you some sense of what's been happening so far in the third quarter and then discuss a change to our approach to these kinds of intra-quarter subscriber updates in the future. First, let me say that subscriber performance in this first several weeks of Q3 looks more or less like Q3 last year across each of the 3 residential products. As usual, I'll caveat this update by reminding you that we're still early in the quarter, and a lot of third quarter seasonal connect activity typically occurs in the August and September back-to-school period. Now, let me explain why we plan to stop providing such updates. Over the last several years, in an effort to be as transparent as possible, we've adopted the unique practice of providing as many as 2 or 3 subscriber updates per quarter, on our earnings calls and then at the various conferences in which we participate. Too often, these updates have elicited reactions that were out of proportion with the actual significance of the data we provided. Subscriber activity can be extremely volatile over short time periods, and week-to-week trends are heavily influenced by routine events like when we reconnect a particular seasonal bulk account. So after consulting with many of our shareholders, we've concluded that our practice of providing intra-quarter subscriber updates just isn't helpful. To ease the transition, we'll keep providing these updates for the remainder of this year. Beginning in the fourth quarter -- beginning on our fourth quarter earnings call next January, we plan to stop providing intra-quarter subscriber information. As always, we remain committed to best-in-class disclosure practices, and we believe this change is consistent with that commitment. With that covered, let me turn to some of the many initiatives that our operating teams are focusing on, starting with our recent acquisition. The Insight integration continues to proceed very well. As we indicated last quarter, we are already paying TWC rates for the programming in former -- programming in the former Insight systems, generating substantial cost savings. In addition, we completed the closing of Insight's New York City headquarters in June. In the coming quarters, our teams will continue the detailed work of realizing additional operating efficiencies. The bottom line is that we remain very confident that we will achieve the synergies we identified at the time of the announcement. In our legacy operations, we've made significant strides in how we get, keep and grow customer relationships. We're continuing to refine our marketing messaging under the Enjoy Better banner, and we're spending our marketing dollars more wisely and better exploiting the power of our cross-channel ad inventory. On the sales front, we're encouraged by early results from our direct sales ramp and improvements in our inbound sales call centers. And we're also enthusiastic about our efforts to improve customer retention. We're consolidating retention centers and reengineering the way that our reps handle retention calls. We're also making it a lot easier to buy our services. Increasingly, consumers want to buy our services online, so we've launched a new and improved mobile e-commerce app and will soon effect a makeover of the entire twc.com website. In Q2, 19% of total TSU connects came through our online channels as compared with 12% a year ago. As we've discussed on prior calls, we're also taking steps to make the installation of our services more convenient for customers. Through our Easy Connect program, we're now enabling self-installation of a broader range of products. With conveniently packaged self-installation kits available either in our stores or by mail, along with detailed, easy-to-follow instructions, customers can install our services on their schedule and save installation fees in the process. Our early results have been terrific. 19% of total connects in June were self-installs, up from 14% before we started the program. And we're working hard to make service calls easier, too. I reported to you in January that we had gone to 2-hour appointment windows in most cities. We're now in the process of tightening that further to 1-hour windows in many of our markets. And in an increasing number of cities, we're scheduling 15-minute appointment windows for the first appointment of each shift. And so that customers can better plan their schedules, we're providing an estimate of how long we think the tech will be in their homes. We're also continually improving our products. As we've discussed for some time, we have a multipronged approach to enhancing our video user interface. We started by enabling live linear video on iOS and Android-based devices. Then, we introduced a video portal for Macs and PCs. Shortly, we'll enable VOD on all these platforms. Over the last 60 days, we deployed a new set-top box guide throughout the East region, including New York City a couple of weeks ago. After taking a break for the Olympics, we'll continue to roll it out across the West. The new guide, which features a new color scheme and better graphics, makes both navigation and search a lot easier to use. The feedback has been overwhelmingly positive. And further navigation enhancements are in the works, including a genre-based, national channel lineup scheduled for implementation later this year and a next-generation cloud-based guide in development for deployment next year in conjunction with the roll out of IP set-top boxes and new video gateway devices. On the broadband side, we're giving customers more choice with Internet Essentials, a plan that enables customers who use less capacity to save money. We extended availability of Internet Essentials to Dallas and Austin in June, and we expect to accelerate deployment across most of our footprint in the second half of the year. High-end users were equally well positioned. We now have DOCSIS 3.0 deployed across nearly our entire footprint, giving us a lot more flexibility to crank speed when and where we need to. We're also delivering more value to subscribers to our standard and above Internet tiers. For no additional charge, they can use our expanding network of WiFi Hotspots. At last count, there were almost 5,000 WiFi access points in L.A. And the WiFi collaboration we announced in May will enable customers to access more than 30,000 Hotspots deployed by other MSOs. We continue to drive really impressive growth in business services. As laid out at the start of the year, we continue to hire and train new sales and sales support personnel. And at the same time, we're proactively connecting new buildings to our network. We continue to gain share among small business customers, and services targeted at midsized businesses are hitting their stride. Together, dedicated Internet access and Metro Ethernet generated $77 million of revenue and accounted for around 45% of business services organic HSD growth in the second quarter. They now comprise about 35% of total business services HSD revenue. In cell tower backhaul, we've now got about 8,500 towers on the network, and we have a healthy backlog under contracts. And NaviSite has the potential to take us into entirely new markets. Finally, with half of the year behind us, we're very pleased with the performance of our ad sales business. Through extensive planning and relationship building over the last several years, we're taking an increased share of political advertising dollars than we have in the past. That, together with the benefits of our third-party rep deals and a real rebound in the auto category, is fueling robust growth. We're extremely excited about our prospects as we enter the height of the election season. So in summary, we delivered a solid quarter, and our team is focused on the right things, improving critical processes and filling competitive gaps, and we're making a lot of progress. Thank you. And with that, I'll turn it over to Irene to discuss our financials.
Irene M. Esteves: Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with our second quarter highlights on Slide 4. We grew second quarter revenue 9% over Q2 '11, and business services revenue grew 29%. Residential revenue increased 7%, and advertising revenue was up 18%. Excluding the impact of acquisitions, total revenue was up 3%. Total adjusted OIBDA grew 10% in the quarter, reflecting our strong revenue growth and higher adjusted OIBDA margin, and operating income increased 7%. We generated free cash flow of $824 million, and excluding the impact of bonus depreciation, free cash flow was up over 38%. Diluted earnings per share increased 15% to $1.43, and adjusted diluted EPS, which excludes certain items affecting comparability, grew 23% to $1.48. We returned $617 million or 75% of our free cash flow to shareholders through paying cash dividends of $177 million and repurchasing $440 million of our common stock. At quarter end, our reported leverage ratio was 3.22x our last 12 months adjusted OIBDA. Including normal adjustments and adjusting for a full year of Insight, we are virtually at our 3.25 leverage ratio target. And with half of the year behind us, we remain on track to meet or exceed all elements of our full year financial guidance. Before we get into the presentation, let me remind you that any comments that I make about the remainder of 2012 will not include the sale of the AWS spectrum by SpectrumCo, which is not yet closed. And as I mentioned last quarter, we are quickly integrating Insight into our existing operations, so I'll give you some color on the impact the acquisition had on revenue, but it's hard to provide much detail beyond that. However, we're confident of our ability to achieve total annual synergies of $100 million. Let's turn right into the financial results on the next slide. The second quarter revenue increased 9% year-over-year to $5.4 billion, with total ARPU per customer relationship increasing 3% to over $117 per month. Of our total revenue growth of $460 million, $305 million came from acquisitions. Of the $155 million of organic growth, $73 million of growth came from business services, $55 million from residential services and $29 million from advertising. Moving on to Slide 6, business services revenue was up $103 million or 29%. And excluding the impact of acquisitions, business services grew 20%, our ninth consecutive quarter of at least 20% growth. In addition, we continue to see the mix of our growth shifting to more stable end user-driven revenue from less predictable wholesale transport. Organic business HSD revenue increased about 22%, driven by growth in shared and dedicated Internet access as well as Metro Ethernet. And organic business voice revenue increased 50% driven by subscriber growth, while wholesale transport revenue, including cell tower backhaul, was up 10%. So we are well on our way to achieving total business services revenue growth at the upper end of the 25% to 30% zone this year. For residential services, let's start with revenue on Slide 7. Second quarter revenue grew 7%. Excluding the impact from acquisitions, revenue grew 1.3%, led by a robust 7% growth in HSD, while phone revenue was flat and video revenue was down 1%. In addition to driving subscriber volume, we remain focused on driving revenue and profit per household. Our residential ARPU per customer relationship increased to $103.92 in the second quarter, up 1.8% from last year's second quarter. Flipping to Slide 8, overall second quarter residential HSD revenue growth was driven by subscriber increases and a 2.2% improvement in residential HSD ARPU, as well as the acquisition of Insight. This was the 13th consecutive quarter of residential HSD ARPU improvement. The ARPU improvement reflects the continued benefit from price increases and an improved HSD subscriber mix as we migrate subscribers to higher priced tiers of service. At quarter end, Turbo and Wideband subscribers comprised over 21% of our historical TWC residential HSD customer base, up from 17% a year ago and just 9% 3 years ago. And turning to Slide 9, the improvement in overall second quarter residential video revenue was driven by the additional revenue from acquired systems. Excluding acquisitions, video revenue was down 1% as the decline in video subscribers was only partially offset by the year-over-year ARPU improvement. And total video ARPU increased 2.4%, driven by price increases, more favorable video subscriber mix, increased equipment rentals and an increase in DVR revenue. These factors were partially offset by a decline in premium channel and video-on-demand revenue per sub. Moving to Slide 10, total second quarter residential voice revenue improvement was driven by subscriber growth, including subscribers from acquisitions, which is partially offset by a 2.6% decrease in ARPU. Overall second quarter advertising revenue of $265 million increased 18% or $40 million. 45% of the growth came from political advertising. But excluding political advertising, we're still up 10%, driven by the acquisition of Insight and ad rep deals, where we sell advertising for other distributors. Given our success today, we expect ad revenue growth in the 15% to 20% range this year, driven in part by political spending in the second half of the year. Now let's turn to Slide 12, second quarter adjusted OIBDA grew 10%, and our margin increased 30 basis points. The improvement primarily reflects growth in higher margin advertising and business service revenue. The second quarter operating expense grew 9% compared to last year. Employee costs were up 11%, but excluding the impact from acquisitions, employee costs were up 29% in business services and 2% in the rest of the company. Programming expense increased 6% in aggregate and 3.7% on a per subscriber basis. The increase in total programming expense was driven primarily by contractual rate increases and the acquisition of Insight, which were partially offset by the organic decline in video subscribers and by net programming adjustments that reduced programming expense in the second quarter by about $15 million. Given this lower-than-anticipated growth in the first half of 2012, we now expect the increase in programming costs per sub in 2012 to be between 6% and 7%. Voice costs were up about 5% from a year ago, driven primarily by the increase in subscribers, including the new subscribers from the Insight acquisition. Residential voice costs per sub per month in Q2 were around $9, which was down about 9% from Q2 '11, reflecting the benefits from the insourcing of voice support functions that we've talked about for some time now. We don't expect this to change materially in the second half of the year since we're not planning to migrate large numbers of additional subs until 2013. And you'll remember, we started to see the savings from migrations in the second quarter of last year, so don't expect much further variance versus prior year in the back half of this year. Our net bad debt expense increased $15 million, reflecting higher collection expense in the acquisition of Insight. During the second quarter, we continue to invest in new initiatives, including our WiFi buildout, our new home monitoring product IntelligentHome, and our L.A. RSNs. In Q2, the combined net cost from these initiatives were approximately $20 million. This compares to $15 million in new initiatives in the second quarter of 2011, primarily related to mobile HSD and IntelligentHome. For the first half of 2012, these net costs totaled $30 million. We plan to continue investing in WiFi and IntelligentHome, and we expect to launch our L.A. RSNs in the fourth quarter. Overall, we still expect our 2012 net cost from these new initiatives to be in the range of $100 million to $150 million. The lion's share of this is expected in the fourth quarter, consistent with the start of the NBA season. Moving on to Slide 13, our second quarter operating income rose 7% to over $1.1 billion, reflecting higher adjusted OIBDA that was partially offset by the incremental Insight depreciation and amortization that we told you about on our last earnings call. Our operating income margin contracted 40 basis points to 21.1%, reflecting $89 million of Insight-related depreciation and amortization expense and a $12 million increase in merger-related and restructuring costs. We incurred $13 million of restructuring costs in the quarter and $23 million in the first half of the year as well as $8 million in merger-related costs in the second quarter and $43 million in the first half of the year. We expect to incur about $25 million in additional merger-related costs during the remainder of this year. We also expect the impact of the Insight acquisition and the roll-off of some Adelphia assets in July to impact depreciation and amortization expense during the second half of 2012, as detailed in Slide 13. For the full year 2012, including the lower programming expense forecast and investments behind our new initiatives, we still expect to generate operating income growth of around 10%. Turning to the next slide, second quarter diluted earnings per share increased 15% to $1.43, and adjusted diluted EPS, which excludes a number of items affecting comparability that are detailed in Note 1 to our press release, increased about 23% to $1.48. Looking forward, we still expect the 2012 full year reported diluted EPS, including Insight, will be in the upper range of $5.25 to $5.50. And turning to capital spending on Slide 15. Our capital spending in the 6 months of the year was $1.4 billion, a 4% increase from the first half of 2011. CapEx as a percentage of revenue was 13.5%, a slight decline from the first half of last year. Residential advertising and other capital spending was 12% of revenue, and business services CapEx was 29.5%. Second quarter CapEx was up less than 2% to $712 million, including Insight CapEx in 2012. Total business services capital expenditures in the second quarter were $143 million, a 21% increase from 2011. More than half of the CapEx was attributable to line extensions and expanding our cell tower backhaul footprint. Line extensions were up 29% from the second quarter of last year. Residential advertising and other capital expenditures declined 2% from 2011. The year-over-year decline was due primarily to lower scalable infrastructure, partially offset by higher support capital. The lower scalable infrastructure was related to the timing of spend, and the increase in support capital was driven by the investment in our new National Data Center in Charlotte and the production facilities for L.A. RSNs. Although residential advertising and other CPE did not change much year-over-year, the mix of the spend did. Not surprisingly, set-top box capital declined as a percent of CPE, while modem spend was a greater proportion. We still expect the capital intensity, excluding the impact of Insight, will continue to decline, with full year capital spending in the $2.9 billion to $3 billion range, consistent with the levels of the last 2 years. As we told you last quarter, we expect Insight to add about $150 million of capital expenditures to that range in 2012. Moving on to Slide 16, free cash flow for the first half of 2012 was $1.5 billion compared to $1.7 billion in the first half of 2011. And recall that the first half of '11 had free cash flow benefits from about $450 million of bonus depreciation-related tax savings. This compares to approximately $50 million of net incremental taxes this year related to the reversal of past year's bonus depreciation. Excluding bonus depreciation, free cash flow for the year-to-date was up 23.5%, primarily due to higher adjusted OIBDA that was partially offset by higher interest payments, changes in working capital and CapEx. Free cash flow for the second quarter was $824 million compared to $815 million in 2011. The year-over-year increase in free cash flow was driven by higher adjusted OIBDA that was largely offset by changes in working capital and higher interest payments. Before we move on to our capital returns, let's look to Slide 17, which you'll remember has been quite popular last few quarters, as a reminder that we expect cash taxes to increase in 2012 due to the decrease of bonus depreciation from 100% to 50% in the economic stimulus legislation and reversal of bonus depreciation from prior years. Excluding the impact of the bonus depreciation, we're still expecting 2012 free cash flow to grow in the 20% to 25% range. Due to historically low interest rates, our pension fund is currently underfunded as of the end of second quarter. In the past, we've made contribution to our pension plan in the second half of the year to keep it nearly fully funded by year-end. So while we are likely to make pension contributions later this year, the amounts of such contributions would be dependent on a variety of factors, including current and expected interest rates, asset performance and the funding status at year-end, as well as management's judgment. And let's move on to our capital return slide. We ended the quarter with net debt and preferred equity totaling $24.3 billion, a $2.7 billion increase from year-end 2011. And our reported leverage ratio was 3.22x our last 12 months adjusted OIBDA. Including the normal adjustments, which includes the increase in underfunded pension obligations and adjusted for a full year of Insight, our leverage ratio is virtually at 3.25. In the second quarter, we returned 75% of free cash flow or $617 million in total to shareholders, $440 million in share repurchases and $177 million in dividends. And given the 168 million of share repurchases in July, we have now repurchased a total of $4.1 billion of our shares, resulting in the retirement of over 15% of our outstanding shares since we launched the repurchase program in November of 2010. We continue to expect to return more than 100% of free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases for the full year 2012, assuming the absence of any significant acquisition or other strategic event. So in summary, we delivered another good quarter and remain on track to meet or exceed all elements of our full year financial guidance. Thank you, and with that, I'll turn it over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Irene. Candy, we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the conference call. [Operator Instructions] Thanks. First question, please.
Operator: Our first question is Doug Mitchelson, Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is, I guess, a jump-ball question on programming costs. I know this has been a Firebrand topic in Pay TV, but in looking at your list of renewals, it looks like you've completed a healthy majority of your deals. You've had some station group retrans and Fox News renewals recently. But I don't see much coming up the next couple of years. Do I have that right? Is there not much coming up between now and the end of 2013?
Glenn A. Britt: John, this is Glenn. Yes. We, of course, have not made a practice disclosing details of what deals come up, when. But I think it's safe to say, we've done a lot of long-term renewals, and we don't have a lot of big things coming up in the next year or so. So, yes, you're right.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And so then, I guess, that would translate into sort of specific question for Rob, your confidence level in being able to maintain flat or up margins for the rest of this year and next year, how do you feel about that at this stage?
Robert D. Marcus: For a long time now, we've kind of described the margin picture qualitatively as being the product of an improving mix of revenues from a margin perspective; in other words, greater proportion of our revenues coming from commercial, which has higher margins, greater proportion of our residential revenues coming from HSD, which has better margins than video, and that being somewhat offset by a consistent contraction in video margins. I don't anticipate that trend changing materially, and I think we have enough puts and takes to feel comfortable. But our margin trajectory is not going to change all that much over the next year.
Irene M. Esteves: And I think as we've mentioned before, there's a number of initiatives, and Rob mentioned a few of them, where we're continually looking for efficiency benefits to offset some of the other cost increases that we have talked about.
Operator: Next question, Philip Cusick, JPMorgan.
Philip Cusick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess, for Rob, you talked about the July time frame being about similar to last year. And I respect the decision to not give sort of guidance or updates going forward, but given that telco seem to be backing off a little bit and raising prices on video, do you anticipate a period where business starts to improve year-over-year in terms of trajectory? Or really, should we be waiting for updated guides and boxes and IP guide next year?
Robert D. Marcus: There's been an awful lot of talk about changing practices amongst our competitors. And the reality, while not getting into the specifics, is that competition remains pretty intense in the marketplace. So I would not sort of make any expectations based on some overall decline in competitive intensity in the market. Notwithstanding that, we have a lot of concerted efforts under way to improve our overall subscriber performance, including video. And that includes, as you point out, product enhancements but also enhancements in our marketing and our customer experience as well as logistical practices like doing a better job in our sales and retention areas. So we're hard at work in improving video results, but I don't anticipate that changes in competitive practices are going to be the biggest driver of that.
Philip Cusick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And if I can follow up, are you seeing any sort of change in the trajectory of housing growth versus a year ago?
Robert D. Marcus: Nothing that's meaningful enough to translate into a change in subscriber performance yet.
Operator: Next question is Jessica Reif Cowen, Bank of America.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Could you -- would you provide an update on 2 initiatives that I didn't hear you mention on the call and prepared comments, home monitoring and also the Verizon JV?
Robert D. Marcus: Sure. I'll take both of those, Jessica. On IntelligentHome, I think as of the end of the quarter, we had something like 7,000 IntelligentHome customers. We've got a very deliberate plan of attack on launching that product, and we've only rolled it out in a handful of markets. And the game plan really is to refine our approach, both from a product perspective and also from a sales perspective, before we roll it out to other cities. So we really want to get it right before we go broad with it. We feel pretty good about the response. We think we're getting the knack of selling it, it's a somewhat different sales process than some of our other products, maybe a little bit more heavily dependent on direct sales rep involvement. But we're feeling good about the product, and we do intend to roll it out in the coming quarters. We just want to get the process right before we do. On Verizon Wireless, we're active in the symmetrical or reciprocal agency agreements in about 11 markets. I think we're in 189 Verizon Wireless stores now. The number of actual sales is still small, but again, I think the opportunity there is big, and we're excited about it.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: What's the ARPU in home monitoring?
Robert D. Marcus: I'll tell you what the product set is, and we can take it from there. Generally speaking, after an initial setup fee of about $99, if you buy the base product in a bundle, it generally is in the mid-$30 range, say, $33 to $35. The initial cost upfront varies depending on the equipment the customer buys. And we're actually in the process, in Q3, of launching a whole lot of ancillary products that go along with the base product. So let's just take a base service as being a touchscreen, coupled with a number of sensors, door and window, and a motion detector. On top of that, you can add cameras, both outdoor and indoor. We're introducing a carbon monoxide tester, sensor. So there are a lot of things you can add on for additional upfront costs. But the recurring revenue is in the mid-30s.
Glenn A. Britt: If I can jump in on this, I think we always tend to deal with what we know about. So home monitoring now is seen as home security. But at the risk of sounding a little dreamy -- there's a lot going on in health care. And I don't think we have fully begun to understand the implications of the health care act or how that's going to change behavior. But I think it's going to lead to a lot of opportunities for monitoring of health conditions, reporting back to hospitals and doctors, and all sorts of things that are just a glimmer right now. But I have a feeling that's going to be bigger over time than just home security.
Operator: Next question is Stefan Anninger, Crdit Suisse.
Stefan Anninger - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was wondering if you could provide a bit more detail and color on your video product improvement roadmap and where the priorities may be? Are you mostly focused on your cloud-based guide or the roll out of Gateways or TV Everywhere, for example? And then perhaps you could talk about your optimism about those improvements might do for your overall subscriber performance? I guess, what I'm trying to get at is, is it too much to expect that those improvements can help to overcome some of the competitive and economic headwinds that you're currently facing?
Robert D. Marcus: You want me to take that, Glenn?
Glenn A. Britt: Yes, maybe we'll both jump in. Go ahead.
Robert D. Marcus: Okay. Okay. So I think the answer to your question, Stefan, is all of the above. We're hard at work on improving the value proposition of our video product. We've talked a lot over the last several quarters about making our video product available on various customer-owned devices, ranging from iOS devices to Android devices and game consoles and other customer-owned devices as well. And I think we continue to make progress on that, both in terms of expanding the number of devices, as well as enhancing the experience that customers enjoy when they're using those devices. Later this year, we're going to add to our linear channel lineup on iOS and Android with a VOD offering. So we continue to chug away on that front, and we're excited about it. In terms of the traditional set-top box-based experience, I spent a little time in my remarks talking about improvements we're making in the guide, both here and now on existing deployed set-top boxes, but also for next-generation equipment. And we do plan to have available IP set-top boxes next year. I think we'll have the first Gateway device actually later this year. And we've talked about that before, the Gateway is a pretty powerful DVR-plus. It'll have 6 tuners, 1 terabyte of storage, it'll have the DOCSIS 3.0 modem, as well as the ability to transcode content from QAM-based video into IP so that it can be consumed by IP devices, including the IP set-tops that I describe. As far as the breadth of content we're talking about, we're continually enhancing, not only the quantity and quality of the VOD product we've got, but the ease that customers have in actually navigating through that content. So I think we've got a lot of things in the works. You mentioned TV Everywhere; we're hard at work on expanding the programmers with whom we have out-of-home rights. So you'll see more to come on that front as well.
Glenn A. Britt: Now, if I can just jump in, I think this all fits in the -- under the rublet [ph] that we talked about before, the 4 Anys, A-N-Y-S, and that's access to any content on any device, at any time, any place. And we believe strongly that today's technology allows that, we just need to implement it in ways that work on our plant and also get the rights to do that. So all the things that Rob talked about really fit within that. Obviously, you have to have great navigation within that. But I would remind you that the basic product we've been selling, packages of TV networks, is really enormously successful. It's, depending on which numbers you look at, it's in something like 90% of the homes in the U.S. So it's a very powerful thing. We're making it better. But let's not forget that fundamental thing, there's very few products that, that many homes buy, that's discretionary. So that's the underlying strength of what we're doing. But yes, we're making it better.
Robert D. Marcus: And I guess to answer the tag-on question, tag-along question, we wouldn't be investing in these improvements if we didn't think that providing greater value to customers ultimately enhanced our competitive position.
Operator: Next question is Craig Moffett, Bernstein.
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I'll try to squeeze in 2 here, if I can. First, Rob, I know how competitive you are. As you look at the results at Comcast and their greater success in -- particularly in the video product, I'm sure it has to sort of get the competitive juices flowing. Can you talk more about where that is on your priority list? And what are the levers that you think you can pull to improve the results in basic video?
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. So let me start by saying, I don't really want to take anything away from Comcast performance, they had a nice quarter. And I think the fact that both we and they posted really good results this quarter probably speaks most to the fact that we're in a terrific business, so that's point number one. Second, I always sort of shy away from these comparisons between the 2 of us on any particular metrics given that there are differences in our disclosure practices. It's really hard to draw significant conclusions from a lot of the individual metrics that we report on. I think if you take a step back and look at our 2 businesses at the highest level, I think we still have higher video penetration. I think we have higher HSD penetration as well, as a matter of fact. And we certainly have higher business services revenue relative to the size of our footprint. So it's not shocking, at least to me, that while they're in a phase of sort of catching up to those numbers that I just described, that they might grow a little bit faster in any one quarter as opposed to another. The truth is, I want to win, but I want to win relative to the guys we're facing in the markets that we're competing with. So all of the initiatives I described in my prepared remarks really relate to our performing even better than we have been, independent of any comparisons you might make to Comcast. So we're hard at work on product, we're hard at work improving our marketing. I think we've made great strides there. We're definitely doing things on the customer service side to make doing business with us easier and better. And we're always trying to improve on logistical things like improving sales processes and retention processes. So you're right in characterizing me as competitive. I absolutely want to win. And I think we're initiating the right processes to get there.
Operator: Next question is from Tuna Amobi, S&P Capital IQ.
Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research: I guess for Glenn, it seems to me that we're going to have another down quarter for the Pay TV market, on the video side, given the companies that have reported so far, including DIRECTV today. So I guess this could, again, reignite the debate on cord cutting and actually what's going on in the overall environment. So I'm wondering if you had any thoughts on that, where that potentially -- what it might take to get to an inflection point where the video losses could kind of be moderated and maybe potentially sustainable? And I have a follow-up.
Glenn A. Britt: Thanks, Tuna. Really nothing much has changed on that front. I'd remind you that this quarter is traditionally a soft quarter across all of the subscriber metrics. And in fact, the seasonality has been that way for the entire 40 years that I've been on the business. People, in the summer, move; colleges disconnect; and all the things that happen; and then in late August, September, they come back. So that happens every year and is happening this year. There are obviously, anecdotally, some cord cutting, the numbers for that are still quite small, as they have been, and all the studies still say that. We actually think a bigger issue in the market is that there's a group of customers that are in really serious financial shape. They've been out of work for a long time, we read about that from the press. And some of them can't afford the video package even though they want it. And that's why we keep having these heated negotiations with programmers. I think that is a much more serious issue than cord cutting, but we keep an eye on it.
Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research: Okay, fair enough. Just a quick clarification for Irene. On the $100 million synergies that you referenced on Insight, is most of that going to be mostly achieved this year? And if you can maybe provide some color whether mostly cost related or revenue would be helpful.
Irene M. Esteves: Sure, Tuna. First of all, all of the synergies that we've identified in the $100 million is our cost savings, so we're fairly conservative in estimating what the synergies would be for this business. And about 1/3 of them come from programming, 1/3 of them from basically closing down the headquarters and making those changes, and the final 1/3 from many different places throughout the P&L. And the first 2 are primarily done. The 1/3, programming costs, almost all of them virtually are under our new lower programming contracts. And the New York headquarters building was closed, and we severed a number of folks during that process. So 2/3 of the savings are pretty much booked, and we're working through the final 1/3 of those savings.
Operator: Next question is Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to ask, just a follow-up to Irene, on the cost side in the quarter and then just one for Glenn. Was there anything on the programming cost side besides picking up inside synergies that led to the change both in Q2 and the outlook? And then, was there anything in the sequential increase in SG&A, it was up about $60 million, Q1 to Q2, beyond just a full quarter of Insight? And then, Glenn, at the cable show, you commented about sort of the future of the video business without set-tops and generally about embracing consumers bringing their own devices. And I know Microsoft's next XBox, I believe, is sort of a whole home DVR intended to kind of allow subscribers to no longer have equipment from Time Warner Cable. And you seem to be supportive of that migration from a sort of capital efficiency perspective. But it seems like your peers in the industry and some of your competitors are more reluctant, I guess, worried about losing control of the customer and losing ability to upsell additional services. I wondered if you could just maybe address that point again today for us since it's, I think, a big topic as we look out to what Apple might do in the space.
Irene M. Esteves: I can start with the answer to your expense question. On the programming side, we did have $15 million of adjustments of contracts that were adjusted during the quarter based on new estimates, and so that had an impact on the quarters. But also, we're just looking forward to what contracts we have left versus the contracts which we already have in place and any new, and that's what brought us to the conclusion that our guidance maybe was a little bit high, and that's the reason that we brought it down. And as far as SG&A, if you take out the impact of Insight, SG&A was up about 5%. And that was really the S part of the SG&A, which is sales in the business services group. We're impressively building our sales capability as well as capital improvement in that group to really drive sales there.
Glenn A. Britt: Okay, Ben, on the set-top set of questions, I think the broad way to look at it is that over some number of years, we will migrate to all-IP technology. Whatever the merits of that from an engineering sense, all things IP are the standard that the world is building devices to. So that's the standard we're going to end up migrating to, until something better comes along. An important part of our business is managing those migrations for consumers just as we migrated from various forms of analog to digital and what have you over the years. So that's a broad view. One of the things that, that enables is the use of all these consumer devices that people are buying that are enormously powerful in a computing sense and that know how to process things that are using IP standards. So I think it would be silly for us not to take advantage of those devices, and consumers actually expect it. When you think about it, the only reason we have set-tops now is that the traditional TV sets could not display all of our services without them. And in fact, it wasn't all that many years ago when we didn't have set-tops because our product was relatively simple, one way delivery of analog signals and all the TVs could get that other than encrypted Pay TV signals. So in a way, this is -- we're going back to the past, we're going back to the future, whatever we're doing. If you look at the cable in 1980s, there weren't a lot of set-tops, and I think we're going back to that over time. There most certainly is a disagreement within the industry about the importance of controlling the user interface. And I'm perhaps at one extreme, where I think it is not the sole reason that people buy our service. And we think that allowing people to get the very best experience is key competitively. So if somebody wants to use the interface that comes with one device versus another, that's fine. We're always going to have ours, and hopefully it'll be good and people will want it. But if there's a better one, as long as they buy video from us, I don't really care. Again, there is disagreement about that from other companies, you're right.
Operator: We have Richard Greenfield, BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: I'll actually just, if you don't mind, ask 2. With DTV now losing subs, it's abundantly clear that video is a pretty mature business. It seems like it increases the importance of your data business and specifically of driving data ARPU. Could you just discuss how you're getting people to higher priced, higher speed broadband? I think, Rob, you said you had 21% of the base. I assume most of that though is still on just one step-up versus the big step-up. And I'm curious how you keep pushing people to the much higher priced product, where you have a pretty fat margin, I would presume? And then the second question, could you just -- with Google Fiber having rolled out or beginning the process, could you just discuss how we think about what it would cost you to increase broadband speed to 10 or 20 times what you're currently delivering? How material is that cost? I realized it's not near term in nature, but as you look at over the next few years, what would it cause you to go 10 or 20 times faster than you're currently delivering speed today?
Robert D. Marcus: So, Rich, I don't think it's new news that the video business is mature or maturing. And I also don't think it's new news, for us at least, that our real opportunity for residential growth rests with our high-speed data product. We've been postulating that, that's the case for some time now. And I think it's evident in our approach to marketing, where we've highlighted a combination of triple plays and really getting noncustomers to subscribe to our HSD product, which we think is advantaged in the marketplace. As part of that approach, we certainly not only want to get new HSD customers, but we want to move them up to higher tiers of service. And the way we've typically done that is to market the benefits of higher speed services, meaning the better experience customers can have doing the things they want to do with our highest speed tiers. I know you took note of our first Enjoy Better advertisement, which highlighted the fact that Netflix and Call of Duty would be better with our robust broadband offering. That's the mindset that informs our marketing efforts. In addition to that, of course, we're coupling that with interesting packaging that makes it attractive for customers to subscribe to higher tiers of HSD service. So earlier in the year, we featured a combination of Wideband plus TV Essentials at an attractive price for customers who are what I would call broadband biased, so they cared less about the video product, more about broadband. Right now, we're out in the market with a Turbo plus Broadcast, Basic combination, which has actually gotten a lot of traction. So we're going to continue to play around with packaging approaches, but the goal always is to move customers upmarket, as you say. The one thing I do want to mention, I mentioned it briefly in our prepared remarks, we're increasingly rolling out WiFi, which is yet another value add for customers who take higher tiers of service. So I think there's a lot of different prongs to this strategy, but you're right on it, HSD is where our residential future resides.
Glenn A. Britt: Rich, let me jump in on the Google Fiber question. And I made note of what Brian Roberts said yesterday about this. Yes, there's a lot of efforts going on around the country to see what we could do as a society with more bandwidth in kind of a laboratory sense. I view the Google effort as that. I think there's a bunch of not-for-profits working on the same thing. And I think that's good for our business. We have a wonderful infrastructure, we have bandwidth, we have a way to go much faster with DOCSIS 3.0 by adding video channel -- adding 6 major [ph] channels to the offering. And the more the people figure out how to use broadband, the better off we're going to be. So I think this is a good thing, not a bad thing, that people are trying to figure out how to use this technology.
Robert D. Marcus: Thanks, Rich. And thanks, everyone, for joining us. To give you a little bit of advance notice, our next quarterly earnings conference call, which will reflect third quarter 2012 results, will be on Wednesday, October 31, 2012, at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tom Robey -  Glenn A. Britt - Chairman and Chief Executive officer Robert D. Marcus - President and Chief Operating Officer Irene M. Esteves - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Hello, and welcome to Time Warner Cable First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the call over to Mr. Tom Robey, Senior Vice President of Time Warner Cable Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Candy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Time Warner Cable's 2012 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This morning, we issued a press release detailing our 2012 first quarter results. Before we begin, there are several items I need to cover. First, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures including operating income before depreciation and amortization or OIBDA. In addition, we refer to adjusted OIBDA, adjusted OIBDA less capital expenditures and adjusted diluted earnings per share. Definitions and schedules setting out reconciliations of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release and our trending schedules. Second, today's announcement includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements herein due to various factors, including economic, business, competitive, technological, strategic and/or regulatory changes that could affect our business. These factors are discussed in detail in Time Warner Cable's SEC filings, including its most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Time Warner Cable is under no obligation to, and in fact, expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Third, today's comments on our outlook for 2012 do not include the impact of the expected sale of AWS spectrum by SpectrumCo.  And finally, today's press release, trending schedules, presentation slides and related reconciliation schedules are available on our company's website at twc.com/investors. A replay of today's call will be available beginning approximately 2 hours after the call has ended and will run through midnight, Eastern Time, April 30.  With that covered, I'll thank you and turn the call over to Glenn.
Glenn A. Britt: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Time Warner Cable has built a reputation for steady and predictable performance. And our first quarter results were steady and predictable. Residential broadband and business services were standouts. We grew business services revenue by over 37% on a year-over-year basis on the first quarter primarily through organic expansion and our acquisition of NaviSite last April. This continues to be a terrific opportunity for us. We also continue to be very excited by broadband. We're gaining traction with our efforts to sell broadband Single Plays. We're continuing to see a very favorable mix shift towards higher speeds, and we're taking shares -- share from the telcos. In fact, this quarter, we had more broadband net adds than Verizon and AT&T combined.  When we announced the Insight acquisition last August, we knew that we struck a good deal to buy a superior property. Now that we've closed the transaction and begun the integration, it looks even better than we thought. We're very pleased with the quality of Insight employees, the state of its plants, its reputation in the marketplace and the depth of its customer relationships. We expect Insight to have a significant positive impact on free cash flow this year.  We reached a notable milestone at the end of March. Since initiation of our share repurchase program 6 quarters ago, we have bought more than 50 million Time Warner Cable shares. Coupled with our dividend, this demonstrates our continued commitment to return capital to our shareholders.  Now I'll turn the call over to Rob and then Irene to dive into the details. Rob?
Robert D. Marcus: Thanks, Glenn, and good morning, everyone. As Glenn said, we're off to good start in 2012. Business services growth continues to accelerate, and in residential services we're actively pursuing numerous initiatives designed to enhance the value of our products and to improve our performance throughout the customer lifecycle. And this quarter numbers demonstrate our efforts are paying off.  The economic and competitive environment didn't change much in the first quarter. We continue to see aggressive promotions from competitors, and we now estimate that AT&T's U-verse is available in 1/4 of our footprint, and Verizon's FiOS is available at around 11%. This overlap is slightly lower than last quarter due to the acquisition of Insight, which has relatively less overlap with U-verse and none with FiOS.  So perhaps I should start with the Insight acquisition, which closed almost 60 days ago. We're thrilled to have the opportunity to serve Insight's customers in Kentucky, Ohio and Indiana, and we're excited to bring on board some really terrific and dedicated employees. I would note that with the acquisition, Time Warner Cable now has over 50,000 employees and more than 15 million customer relationships.  The quick summary is that Insight was well run. Its reputation in the marketplace was strong. It had good subscriber momentum in recent months. And the plant is in even better shape than we had anticipated. So we're starting from a position of strength, and we're making good progress on integration. We have taken actions to close Insight's New York headquarters. We're already enjoying the benefits of reduced programming costs, and our operations and technical staffs have begun the process of moving Insight's internet and phone customers to our platform. That process should be complete around the end of this year. So 2 months in, we feel very good about the acquisition, and we remain confident of our ability to realize the synergies we identified at the time of announcement.  Now let me switch to a discussion of our subscriber performance. Q1 net adds, which excludes subs acquired with Insight, are shown on Slide 3 of the presentation materials. Our customer acquisition strategy in the first quarter drove a 30% year-over-year increase in Triple Play connects, as well as an uptick in migrations of existing customers from Single and Double Plays to Triples, resulting in Triple Play net adds of 125,000. This is our best Triple Play performance since early 2009. Consumers are clearly responding to our more competitive offers and our more targeted messaging.  Our focus on Triple Play bundles accelerated phone connects, which drove first quarter residential voice net adds of 112,000. That's the best in 3 years. We intend to continue to promote phone net adds through competitive offers, recognizing that it may moderate our phone ARPU somewhat, perhaps bringing it closer to the level of our peers.  Residential high-speed data was also very strong in Q1, in fact, the strongest it's been since Q1 of 2009. Net adds of 214,000 benefited from increased HSD connects as part of Triple Play bundles, as well as a spike in HSD Single Play connects driven by our aggressive DSL win-back promotion. Our surveys show that almost 2/3 of those who switched from DSL said their old service was too slow.  While we added over 100,000 standard tier Internet customers driven by the win-back offer, we continue to see real strength at the high end. Residential Wideband customers increased 50% on a sequential basis to 218,000, and almost 2/3 of our HSD net adds signed up for either Turbo or Wideband. Together, this high-end tiers now comprise 20% of our residential internet subs, up from less than 16% a year ago.  Video continue to be a soft spot in Q1. We had a net decline of 94,000 residential video subs. Again, the decline was almost exclusively in analog Single Plays. DVR net adds of 92,000 were the best in 2 years, driven by our Triple Play promotions and the availability of whole home DVR.  While I hesitate to say much about Q2 subs, given how early we are in the quarter and how much of second quarter seasonal disconnect activity typically occurs when colleges let out in May and June, I will say that so far, Q2 this year looks more or less like Q2 last year. Voice net adds are somewhat higher than last year, HSD about the same, and video weaker.  I mentioned that we've got a number of initiatives underway to drive even better performance. We're working on both ends of the customer lifecycle to improve substantial subscriber net adds, including video. On the acquisition side, we're hoping to expand our residential direct sales force by almost 1,000 reps this year. We believe that this can be a very effective channel to drive connects. We just began hiring and bringing on new contractors earlier this month, and the on-boarding process will continue throughout this year. We should begin to see this initiative reflected in our connect volumes late this year and in 2013.  We're also systematically retraining our inbound sales reps in a more disciplined approach to selling and more specifically to up-selling. A lot of it probably falls into the category of better blocking and tackling, but I will tell you that when we focus every person, every campaign and every call on driving increased revenue per call, we see results.  And we're also improving our retention operations, reduce customer churn and preserve monthly recurring revenue. The first step was to implement systems and processes to ensure that all retention calls are funneled to retention specialists. The second step is to consolidate our retention operations into Centers of Excellence. In our East region, for example, we expect to have all of our retention reps in just 2 call centers by the end of Q3.  Consistent with our Enjoy Better campaign, we continue to drive product innovation to enable our customers to better enjoy the things they're passionate about.  In broadband, we now have DOCSIS 3.0 available in 85% of our passings, expanding our capacity and enabling us to offer even faster speeds to more customers. Earlier this year, we standardized and increased speeds across most of our tiers. Notably, our Turbo tier now offers 20x2 speeds, Extreme is 30x5, and Ultimate is 50x5. For customers who don't use a lot of capacity and are looking to save a few bucks, we launched Internet Essentials in South Texas, and we expect to roll it out more broadly over the course of the year.  We're also making our WiFi offering more robust. Our L.A. build out is proceeding well. We've now deployed about 2,000 WiFi access points, and we're on track to have close to 10,000 by year end. Those of you in the New York City area may already have noticed the availability of TWC WiFi in more places. Through our arrangement with Comcast and Cablevision over 20,000 WiFi hotspots throughout the metropolitan area are now available free of charge to eligible Time Warner Cable Internet customers. And the WiFi hotspots to New York City and L.A. are all using a common authentication platform so eligible TWC customers from anywhere in the United States will be able to access the TWC WiFi hotspots in New York City and Los Angeles no matter where they live.  Our video product continues to get better, too. A couple of weeks ago, we launched live TV in the home on new Android devices like phones and tablets running version 4 of the Android operating system. The same capability also is available in beta on PCs and Macs. In addition to delivering video to more devices in the home, we're making the offering itself even more robust. We now have a total of 255 channels available on TWC TV, including 26 broadcast channels recently added in New York City and 25 sports networks across New York, Charlotte and Texas.  And as you may have read, earlier this month, we and Verizon Wireless began selling each other's products and services in 4 cities: Raleigh, Cincinnati, Columbus and Kansas City. It's still early going, but we're enthusiastic about the possibilities.  We're also pleased with customers' response to Signature Home and TV Essentials. We added a best-ever 14,000 Signature Home customers in Q1, bringing the total to 50,000. And we just signed an exciting marketing pact with American Express to present an exclusive offer to cardmembers who sign up for Signature Home with their American Express cards. We think partnering with Amex is a great way to promote Signature -- the Signature Home product and further enhance our brand.  On the other end of the product continuum, we had about 6,500 TV Essentials connects in Q1, about 5,000 of which were either new customers or upgrades from broadcast Basic. We now have around 11,000 TV Essentials customers. Perhaps equally important, we've been using TV Essentials as a low-priced beacon for video, and we've been quite effective at up-selling most of the call volume.  In Customer Care, we have lots of initiatives in the works, but I'd like to update you on one initiative we made -- we mentioned last quarter. We're driving a pretty dramatic redo of our self-installation practices and the expectation that it can deliver both higher customer satisfaction and lower costs. We're expanding the number of transaction categories eligible for self-installation, and we're executing a higher percentage of self-installs in each category. For us, it's cost savings for each truck roll avoided. And for the customer, it means getting it done on their terms and on their schedule.  And turning to Business Services. I think the growth rate really says it all. We continue to ramp the sales force in the first quarter, and we're adding sales support personnel and systems to drive higher productivity. In addition, we're proactively connecting new buildings to our network. And of course, we're very pleased with the growth at NaviSite.  So in closing, we're aggressively driving change to deliver better residential unit growth more innovative product and more customer-centric care. We're continuing to invest in and drive business services growth, and at the same time, we're engaged in the integration of Insight to realize the full benefits of the acquisition. There's much to do, and we're executing well.  Thank you. And with that, I'll turn it over to Irene to discuss our financials.
Irene M. Esteves: Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. My presentation this morning includes 1 month of financial results from the acquisition of Insight, which we closed on February 29. I'll start with our first quarter highlights on Slide 4. We're off to a good start in 2012. We grew first quarter revenue 6% over Q1 '11. As business services revenue grew over 37%, residential revenue increased 4%, and advertising revenue was up 7%.  Adjusted OIBDA grew 8% in the quarter, reflecting our strong revenue growth and higher adjusted OIBDA margin. The acquisitions of NaviSite and NewWave in 2011 and Insight in the first quarter of 2012 accounted for about half of our total revenue growth and around 30% of our adjusted OIBDA growth for the quarter. Operating income increased just under 7%, and we generated free cash flow of $718 million. Diluted earnings per share increased 29% to $1.20, and adjusted diluted EPS, which eliminates certain items affecting comparability, also grew 29% to $1.30.  We returned $532 million or 74% of free cash flow to shareholders through paying cash dividends of $179 million and repurchasing $353 million of our common stock. The 74% return was consistent with our stated goal to bring our leverage ratio with normal adjustments down to our target of 3.25 at the close of Insight.  Before we get into the presentation, let me point out that throughout my comments, I'll be updating our 2012 outlook to include Insight, but they will not include the sale of AWS spectrum by SpectrumCo until that transaction closes. I'm also going to give you as much color as I can this quarter on the impact that Insight has had on our results. After this quarter, we will not be able to provide much detail beyond the revenue impact as we're quickly integrating Insight into our existing operations.  So let's jump right into our financial results on the next slide. The first quarter revenue increased 6% year-over-year to $5.1 billion with total ARPU per customer relationship increasing 4% to about $116. Of our total revenue growth of $307 million, $149 million came from acquisitions, $93 million from Insight, $36 million from NaviSite and $20 million from NewWave. Of the $158 million of organic growth, $74 million of growth came from business services, $72 million from residential services and $12 million from advertising and other revenue combined.  Moving to Slide 6. We delivered another record quarter in Business Services growth, which accounted for 38% of our overall revenue growth. Business services revenue was up $117 million or 37%. Organic revenue represented $74 million, while NaviSite and business services from Insight and NewWave contributed roughly $43 million of growth. Total business of HSD revenue increased almost 25% given -- driven by growth in shared and dedicated Internet access, as well as Metro Ethernet. This is our best quarterly growth in at least 3 years. Business voice revenue increased 50%, driven by subscriber growth. The wholesale transport revenue of $41 million increased 28% and was driven by growth in cell tower backhaul. At quarter end, we had an installed base of about 7,900 radios and a meaningful backlog under contract. Excluding the impact from acquisitions, business services revenue grew 24%, our eighth consecutive quarter of over 20% growth. When we reported fourth quarter results, we told you that we expected Business Services revenue growth to be in the 25% to 30% zone this year, and our first quarter performance is a great start. Including Insight, we now expect Business Services revenue growth at the upper end of that range.  For Residential Services, let's start with revenue on Slide 7. First quarter revenue grew 4%, including Insight and NewWave. Excluding the impact from acquisitions, revenue grew 1.7%, driven by a combination of HSD and video subscriber growth and improved ARPU and video in HSD, partially offset by video subscriber losses and lower voice ARPU. Excluding acquisitions, the Residential growth story was all about HSD. There, HSD revenue was up a robust 7% for the first quarter, contributing $79 million to first quarter growth. Voice growth was about flat and video revenue declined slightly. Switching to Slide 8. I spent a lot of time with you last quarter highlighting our renewed efforts at getting and retaining customers in what remains a challenging economic and competitive environment. This, coupled with our ongoing efforts to move existing customers up the value chain, continue to drive organic revenue growth. Our acquisitions of Insight and NewWave added to residential revenue growth. ARPU per PSU increased 1%. At video and HSD ARPU is showing good growth at 3.2% and 2.3%, respectively. Our voice ARPU declined 2.9%. Overall, ARPU per PSU growth moderated from year-ago levels primarily due to success of our $89.99 Triple Play offer and a lower percent of our customers being eligible for rate increases this year. While this $89 offer helps drive volume, it does have a dampening effect on ARPU. In addition to driving volume, we're focused on making each household more profitable. The residential ARPU per customer relationship increased sequentially for 4 of the last 5 quarters.  And flipping to Slide 9. Overall, first quarter residential HSD revenue growth was driven by subscriber increases, acquisition of Insight and NewWave and a 2.3% improvement in residential HSD ARPU. This is the 12th consecutive quarter of residential HSD ARPU improvement. ARPU improvement reflects the continued benefit from price increases and improved HSD subscriber mix as we migrate subscribers to higher-priced tiers of service. In fact, at quarter end, Turbo and Wideband subscribers comprised almost 20% of our historical TWC residential HSD customer base, up 16% from a year ago. Wideband subscribers alone increased 50% from the fourth quarter.  Moving to Slide 10. Total first quarter residential voice revenue improvement was driven by subscriber growth, including subscribers from acquisitions, offset by a 2.9% decrease in ARPU. Excluding the impact from acquisitions, residential voice ARPU declined 3.4%. As we told you last quarter, we're improving those voice value proposition to our customers, and as a result, our first quarter residential voice net adds are the highest we've seen since the first quarter of 2009. We expect that the increases in subscriber volume, coupled with our efforts to improve our cost structure, produce higher voice revenue and profit.  And turning to Slide 11. The improvement in overall first quarter residential video revenue was driven by the additional revenue from acquired systems. Excluding acquisitions, video revenue was down slightly. Video ARPU increased 3.2%, driven by price increases and more favorable video subscriber mix, increased equipment rentals and an increase in DVR revenue. These factors were partially offset by a decline in video-on-demand and premium channel video -- the premium channel revenue, I'm sorry.  On the next slide, overall first quarter advertising revenue of $211 million increased 7% or $14 million over a very strong Q1 '11. Ad rep deals, where we sell the advertising for other video distributors, added $5 million, while political advertising and revenue from acquired properties each contributed another $4 million. As we look forward, we continue to expect that we'll be able to grow ad revenues in the double-digit range in 2012 driven in part by political spending in the second half of the year.  Let's turn to Slide 13. First quarter adjusted OIBDA grew 8%, and our margin increased 60 basis points. Improvement primarily reflects our cost savings initiatives in voice, as well as the savings from ongoing efficiency initiatives. First quarter, operating income rose 7% to over $1 billion. Our operating income margin expanded 10 basis points to 20.3% despite a $39 million increase in merger-related and restructuring cost.  The first quarter operating expense, which included $60 million from Insight, $32 million from NaviSite and $14 million from NewWave, grew 5% compared to last year. Employee costs were up 10%, reflecting higher headcount, including the addition of Insight, NaviSite and NewWave employees, and higher compensation cost per employee. Pension expense and equity-based compensation cost increased $15 million and $12 million, respectively. Excluding the impact from acquisitions, employee costs were up 21% in Business Services and just under 5% in the rest of the company.  Programming expense increased 5% in aggregate and 6% on a per-subscriber basis. The increase was driven primarily by contractual rate increases, the acquisition of Insight and programming adjustments that reduced programming expense in the first quarter of 2011 by about $18 million. This was partially offset by the organic decline in video subscribers. We continue to expect the increase in programming costs per sub in 2012 to be between 8% and 9%, including programming expense for the Insight acquisition.  Voice costs were down close to 11% from a year ago driven primarily by benefits from the in-sourcing of voice support functions that we talked about for some time. Residential voice costs per sub per month in Q1 were around $9. We don't expect this to change materially in 2012 since we're not planning to migrate large numbers of additional subs until 2013. And you'll remember, we started to see the savings from the migrations in the second quarter of last year, so the year-over-year impact in the remaining quarters of this year should moderate.  During the first quarter, we continued to invest in new initiatives, including our WiFi buildout, our new home monitoring product IntelligentHome and our L.A. RSNs. In Q1, the combined net cost from these initiatives were approximately $10 million. This compares to $15 million in the first quarter of 2011 primarily related to mobile HSD and IntelligentHome. In 2012, we plan to continue investing in WiFi and IntelligentHome and launch our L.A. RSNs in the fourth quarter. Overall, we still expect our total 2012 net cost from new initiatives to be in the range of $100 million to $150 million. The lion's share of this is expected in the fourth quarter, consistent with the start of the NBA season.  Moving on to Slide 14. Operating income for the full year will include expenses related to the acquisition of Insight. We incurred $35 million of merger-related costs in the first quarter and expect another $35 million in merger-related costs during the remainder of the year. We also expect the impact of the Insight acquisition and the roll-off of some the Adelphia assets in July to impact depreciation and amortization expense during the remainder of the year, as detailed in Slide 14. For the full year 2012, even with the investments behind our new initiatives and the Insight costs, we now expect to generate operating income growth of around 10%.  Turning to the next slide. First quarter diluted earnings per share increased 29% to $1.20, and adjusted diluted EPS, which excludes a number of items affecting comparability that are detailed in Note 1 of our press release, also increased about 29% to $1.30. Looking forward, we expect that 2012 full year diluted EPS, including Insight, will now be in the upper end of the $5.25 to $5.50 range that we provided on the fourth quarter earnings call.  Turning to capital spending on Slide 16. Our capital spending in the first quarter was $706 million, a 6.5% increase from first quarter '11. CapEx as a percentage of revenue was 13.8%, essentially unchanged from the first quarter last year. Business Services capital expenditures were $120 million, a 6% increase from 2011 but down to 28% of revenue from 36% last year. Over 50% of the CapEx was attributable to line extensions and expanding our cell tower backhaul footprint. Line extensions to connect new buildings were up 30% from first quarter '11. Residential advertising and other capital expenditures were 12.5% of revenue, up from 12.2% in 2011 due primarily to higher support capital. The increase in support capital was driven by the investment in our new national data center in Charlotte and the production facilities for L.A. RSNs. These investments are consistent with our efforts to continue to allocate capital to residential products and projects that will help us to more rapidly deploy product enhancements, improve our customers' experience and add to our existing offerings. We expect the capital intensity, excluding the impact of Insight, will continue to decline with full year capital spending in the $2.9 billion to $3 billion range, consistent with the levels of the last 2 years. In addition to that, we expect about $150 million of Insight-related capital in 2012.  Moving on to Slide 17. Free cash flow for the first quarter was $718 million compared to $927 million in the first quarter of 2011. Recall that first quarter '11 free cash flow benefited from a $270 million tax refund related to bonus depreciation in the first quarter of 2011 that did not repeat this year. But the decline in free cash flow was largely driven by the absence of the tax refund, coupled with the higher net interest payments and CapEx, partially offset by higher adjusted OIBDA.  And before we move to our capital returns, let's flip to the famous Slide 18. As a reminder, that we expect cash taxes to increase in 2012 due to the decrease of bonus depreciation from 100% to 50% in the economic stimulus legislation and reversal of bonus depreciation from prior years. Assuming flat organic CapEx, plus $150 million of Insight-related CapEx in 2012, we expect the lower net stimulus benefits alone will push taxes approximately $700 million higher. This increase should be somewhat offset by an estimated $50 million of tax savings related to 10 months of benefit from the Insight NOLs and approximately $50 million of other items associated with the Insight transaction, including the bond redemption. Excluding the impact of the bonus depreciation, we're now expecting 2012 free cash flow to grow in the range of 20% to 25%. Keep in mind that historically, free cash flow generation tends to be lower in the second half of the year.  And let's move on to our capital return slide. Before I get into the details, I'm pleased to report that we have commitments in place from our relationship banks to extend the maturity of our backup credit facility to 2017 for $3.5 billion, and we expect to close this transaction shortly. We ended the quarter with net debt and preferred equity totaling $24.5 billion, a $2.9 billion increase from the year-end 2011, and our reported leverage ratio of 3.33x, our last 12 months adjusted OIBDA. Including the normal adjustments and including a full year of estimated Insight adjusted OIBDA, we are right on top of our 3.25 leverage target. In the first quarter, we returned 74% of free cash flow, $532 million in total to shareholders, $353 million share repurchases and $179 million in dividends. As I highlighted earlier, 74% return of free cash flow was in line with our stated plans come to a soft landing at our target leverage ratio following the close of Insight. With our higher free cash flow guidance, we are reiterating our expectations for the full year 2012 to return more than 100% of free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, assuming the absence of a significant acquisition or other strategic event.  So in summary, we're off to good start in 2012. Business Services continued to deliver strong growth. On the residential side, we're migrating more customers into bundles and increasing our revenues and profit for household. We've closed Insight and brought our leverage ratio to a soft landing our target, and our outlook for 2012 includes significantly strengthened free cash flow and expectations of returning more than 100% of that to shareholders this year.  Thank you. And with that, I'll turn it over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Irene. Candy, we're ready for the Q&A portion of the conference call. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: First question is from Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Glenn, I wanted to ask about the broadband business. I think the results speak for themselves on market share and also mix shift that you guys needed to migrate your sub base up to higher tiers. I wanted to ask you a question that was asked of me recently, which is, how much do you think you can push pricing in broadband before you start attracting the wrong kind of attention? And I'm asking this in the context of the stuff happening in D.C. this week and some of the noise out of Netflix around net neutrality, because it's clear the product has tremendous pricing power. The price value offering the marketplace is there. But obviously, you live in a world and you've been in cable for a long time that's sort of either regulated or quasi-regulated. So how do you think about that question on -- above your thoughts on that?
Glenn A. Britt: I think as with a lot of things in life, there's got to be balance in this. And it's -- I'm going to avoid making any really specific comments on pricing for obvious reasons. But I think suffice it to say that we have a product that is being used more and more and more every year by people, it has more and more value. And we're comfortable that, that means that over time, that we can charge for something. Usually, if something is used more and has more value, you can charge more for that over time. So I don't think I want to go beyond that.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Do you have any comment on the sort of managed services or capped accounting around streaming products from MDPDs or cable operators versus alternates? I know you guys obviously have a streaming product that is available. How do you think about that in the context of the caps you started to implement in some of your markets?
Glenn A. Britt: Yes. I think just to clarify, I think there's -- thank you for the question. There's a lot of confusion. So there's a set of standards called the IP, Internet Protocol, and those can be used for a wide variety of things in the world. There's also something called the public Internet, which happens to use IP standards. That doesn't mean those 2 things are exactly the same. So the application that we have on the iPad is over our closed-circuit network. It's just a different standard than we've used traditionally for our video. But it's not the public Internet. So separately, on the public Internet, I think we've been pretty clear about this, we do think over time, there will be consumption element to the tiers. What we've done in South Texas, and we actually did this in the previous quarter or earlier this quarter, the timing confuses me, anyway, a few months ago, we announced that people there who want to save money could buy a tier that had a consumption element to it. But we retained our unlimited tier with no cap. I actually don't like the term cap. And I think we should always have that. So that this was not in any way coercive, people who wanted to save money, could. People who wanted to keep what they had, have kept it, and they still have unlimited. So our plan is to roll that out further across our footprint as the year goes on.
Robert D. Marcus: And Ben I'll just chime in on your specific question about how the 2 pieces you asked about relate to one another. Usage by our customers of our video product via the iPad has no impact on their usage under those plans we implemented in South Texas.
Glenn A. Britt: Yes. And I think that makes common sense. So if we happen to encode the video in MPEG-2, which is our usual digital standard, nobody even thinks to ask the question, does that count in your cap or not? So the fact that we are choosing to have another feed that's encrypted in IP shouldn't really change that outcome.
Operator: Next question, Jessica Reif-Cohen, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I was wondering if you could comment on or discuss your expectations on the Verizon Wireless JV. I know it's just launching. But as you roll out over the course of the next year or so, what kind of potential can you get from having this Verizon Wireless as a marketing partner? And also, could you discuss the potentials of the technology JV, what kind of products or services would come -- you expect to come out with that?
Glenn A. Britt: Jessica, let me take the first one and let Rob deal with the second one. Obviously, it's very early. We just launched barely in 4 markets this agency deal, and way,way,way too early to talk about anything. I do think on the surface though that for us, Verizon is a very interesting marketing channel, and this, again, is an agency deal. They have stores all over the place. They sell a lot of units every year of their own product. And I think that will be good for us assuming that it gets all the way through the regulatory approvals. So we're enthusiastic about it.
Robert D. Marcus: Jessica, let me try to link the 2 pieces of your question. Today, what we're offering in the 4 markets that we're currently selling one another's products in is essentially a promotion that involves the inclusion of a $200 gift card to the extent the customer buys both a Verizon Wireless plan and at least upgrades one additional PSU of the Time Warner Cable product. Over time, what we envision is that we will focus less on bundled discounting, which is effectively what the gift card is, and more on product enhancements that can only be experienced if a customer is a subscriber to both services. And really, that's the focus of what the technology JV is working on. And the goal, while we're not prepared to announce any of these product enhancements today, would be to create value out of the linkage and the cooperation of the 2 companies and really all of the cable companies in Verizon Wireless. So that -- I think the 2 pieces, the agency agreement and the technology joint venture, are intimately related to one another because the value proposition rests in part in what we come up with it on the JV side.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Is there any sort of the timeframe for products?
Robert D. Marcus: I think we're going to start to -- this is something that will evolve over time, but our hope is that before year end, we'll have some additional features to talk about.
Operator: Next question, Craig Moffett, Bernstein.
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Two strategy questions, if I could, for Glenn, please. Glenn, first, can you comment on your WiFi strategy and whether you see it just as an extension of your broadband product? Or at some point down the line, you would anticipate adding an MB&O wireless component so that you could sell it as a replacement wireless service coupled with that MB&O deal? And then second, if you could just comment on your strategy with regional sports networks, particularly in Los Angeles, and how that might affect your thinking about the Dodgers and how that would fit with what you've already done with the Lakers?
Glenn A. Britt: Okay, Craig. WiFi, what we're doing in WiFi right now, as Rob talked about, is building out extensively in Los Angeles. And we do have some presence in New York too. And I think eventually, we will have a lot of WiFi in our whole footprint, but our main concentration this year is to go deep in Los Angeles. And we're off to good start with what we did last year. We see that at the moment as an extension of our wireline, WiFi -- excuse me, broadband business. And it turns out that obviously more and more wireless is about data consumption. And a lot of that is near home or not too far from home, if you think how you might use your iPad. And we think we can make our wireline service even more valuable by building out this WiFi. I would applaud Cablevision having done that earlier on New York quite extensively. As you know, we're roaming with them. So I think that's where this is going to go. The second question about regional sports, I think we've been pretty consistent about this. Our objective is to stabilize our costs and make it predictable over a lengthy timeframe knowing that the costs have been escalating rapidly all over the country. And so were rights come available as they did with the Lakers, if we think we can buy them for a price that make sense for us, over the long run, we'll do that. I don't anticipate there's going to be tons of those. Well, most of the sports rights are tied out for many, many years to come. But we'll look at other things that come up. Obviously, there was a lot of press around the sale of the Dodgers not just in Los Angeles but all over the country. And there are -- who knows what's going to happen with the media rights. And Fox has certain rights to negotiate. But if those become available and are offered to us, we'll take a look at it.
Operator: Next question, Richard Greenfield, BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: Could you just give us a sense of how you're introducing new and existing subscribers to Wideband Internet, meaning essentially your marketing strategies for that new product? And then secondly, we've written about Apple TV, that if it were to be created in some form, it would likely leverage a video API supplied by a cable operator. Just wondering, given where you are now with your iPad app and things like that, how hard would it be for Time Warner Cable to offer a video API to a third party like an Apple?
Glenn A. Britt: Rich, let me take the second one, and I'll have Rob do the first one. As we said before, our goal is to have our video service on every device that looks like the TV. And the rights that we have today are mostly in the home with other as TV Everywhere rights for out of the home. So let's focus in the home. So we want to be in every device. And I think you're going to see a whole variety of different user interfaces. So our -- the app we have in the iPad, and now the Android devices, are one version of an interface that is different than the one on the set-top boxes and using web services technology we can change it more quickly and be more adaptable to consumer needs. I think consistent with what I just said, we would be very open to being a part of other people's user experiences. And if -- I don't want to limit it to any one manufacturer, but if people have devices with great user interfaces, we would definitely consider publishing our APIs to them. And we're in discussion with a number of different companies about doing just that.
Robert D. Marcus: So Rich, on Wideband, first of all, I guess it probably goes without saying that we're very pleased with the Wideband performance this quarter. We added 73,000 Wideband subs. And that's a mix of both 50x5 subs and 30x5 subs, both of which we put in the Wideband category. And those subs came both as new connects and also significantly as upgrades from other tiers of broadband service. I guess specific answer to your question is we're approaching Wideband from 2 perspectives. One is the messaging. And I think one of the things that you probably noticed in our initial round of Enjoy Better marketing was that we highlighted many of the things that customers really like to do via their broadband connection that are made that much better by virtue of having our higher-end services, for example, watching Netflix or other video sources over the Internet or alternatively using online gaming like Call of Duty, which we highlighted in our ads. And even last year, when you look back at the promotion we did around buying Wideband and getting a swing box for free, another example of things that customers might like to do to take advantage of an even wider pipe. Beyond the messaging though, we're obviously packaging Wideband in ways that make it more attractive for our customers. So the principal way is by inclusion in our Signature Home package. And I think of the 73,000 Wideband net adds we had this quarter, about 14,000 came in the form of Signature Home customers, the rest being ala cartes. And we're also running other interesting promotions coupling Wideband with phone. We did a promotion this quarter of buy Wideband, get phone for free. And I think we're going to continue to experiment with things to see what strikes the right chord and get the product out in front of our customers. But the truth of the matter is, the incremental speed is really once awareness is achieved, largely selling itself among interested customers.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: And Rob, I'm sorry, you said that you're including both the 55 and one -- what was the other package you're including in that?
Robert D. Marcus: Well, we have -- there's 2 tiers of service that we classify in the Wideband realm because they're enabled by our DOCSIS 3.0 upgrades. So one is 30x5. We call that Extreme. And the other one is 50x5, and we call that Ultimate. It's -- I think the base is roughly 2/3, 30x5, and 1/3, 50x5, at this point. That's ballpark numbers.
Operator: Jason Bazinet of Citi.
Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I just have a question for Mr. Britt. It seems like, and correct me if I'm wrong, for the last 10 years or so, most of the PC penetration, I guess, by household have sort of been stuck at this sort of 65% to 70% range, which is sort of limited addressable market for broadband. I was just wondering, do you think with the adoption of tablets and smartphones, that we're sort of on the precipice of unleashing a broader market definition that could include the last sort of 30% or so of household that don't have a PC?
Glenn A. Britt: Jason, that's a great question. Actually, a lot of people have spent a lot of time looking at both in the industry and the government. And that is the roughly 25% or 30% of the population that is not online. And I think there's no sort of short answer to it. There's a lot of different groups and reasons within that category. There's a tendency to immediately, in some circles, go to price, so it must be too expensive. And there certainly are some people in that category, and our industry and others are making efforts to reach those. We have a program in this industry that we've announced targeting school lunch eligible children, for example, and there's other things around that. But I'm not even sure that's the biggest group. There is some number of those people who, to date, have not found going online to be useful to them or something they want to make part of their lifestyle. So there's plenty of seniors who are online, and it enables them to reach out. Perhaps they're not as mobile as they used to be. But there's a lot of other seniors that are very happy with their lives, and they don't see any reason to go online. So I'm not sure that's going to change. There's actually a frighteningly large percentage of the whole population that is functionally illiterate, and I think that's a problem that will impact this. So I could go on and on. The SEC has actually done quite a bit of work on this. So it's not going to suddenly evaporate, the 25% to 30%, but I do think over time, as broadband becomes more of a part of the fabric of our society, that you will see it gradually decrease. Nothing ever gets to 100, but I think over time, broadband will get close to that.
Operator: Next question, Doug Mitchelson, Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So for Rob, I think you mentioned last quarter that a new CMO on board, the company was spending smarter. I'm trying to square the decline in marketing spend with the slower growth in ARPU. Is the more aggressive promotional pricing posture allowing you to spend less on marketing in your services? Or are those 2 dynamics, the pricing strategy and the declining marketing spend, unrelated?
Robert D. Marcus: Really, the decline in marketing spend, and I wouldn't get too hung up on the decline, I think the delta between this Q1 and last is about $5 million. And some of that has to do with some credits we received from some of our partners. So I think for all intents and purposes, we're spending more or less the same as we did last year. The real point here is we're spending more effectively and more efficiently. So the shift in spend is that we're spending more on broadcast, and frankly, on online e-tail bounties and less on things like print and radio and a little bit less in outdoor. So I think the simple answer is we're just spending our money, in my opinion, more effectively than we have in the past.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: If I can follow up on the ARPU side of the question. We tried to flow those forward. Is there anything happening on the retention strategy side that is having a meaningful impact on ARPUs?
Robert D. Marcus: Look, the reality is we're operating in a competitive marketplace. And on the front end due to the promotional aggressiveness that we've executed in order to continue to capture share in this environment, customers are coming in at lower ARPUs than they previously did. And then on the other end of the Spectrum, given that our competitors are also aggressively promoting, the ARPUs of exiting customers have tended to be somewhat higher than they were previously. So there is a little bit happening on both ends.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Then I guess the point would be as those more aggressively promoted to customers are stepping up in year 1 and year 2. Are you having any trouble getting the ARPUs up to a reasonable level?
Robert D. Marcus: That's not truly the name of the game. And we've been pretty good about rolling customers off of promotions. We spent a lot of energy and focus on it. I will say that one of the techniques we're implementing here is that our promotions of late have increasingly included value-added products and features like DVR, like premiums. And one of the things we're focused on which we've gotten pretty good early returns on is once we give the customers an opportunity to sample the value-added products, the magic, of course, is to converting them into paying customers, which generates more ARPU out of those incremental services. And so far, we're doing pretty well at that, so I think that's a promising opportunity for us.
Operator: Next question, Marci Ryvicker of Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: You had 2 events that occurred in the first quarter both impacting New York: the loss of MSG for a period of time and then the launch of the Aereo. Did you see any impact on subs in the quarter from either of these events? And then generally speaking, what are your thoughts on Aereo?
Glenn A. Britt: Okay. Two separate questions. We, of course, did not have MSG for a while. And it did have some impact, but I would editorialize and say it had amazingly little impact. That's usually less than you might have thought reading the press. So let's just leave that at that. Aereo, I think, is a very interesting idea. I have idea whether the courts will find it to be legal are not, but it's certainly something we're looking at. Obviously, we've been quite interested in the whole retransmission front, and so if it's found to be legal not paying retransmission consent, it's a very interesting thing.
Tom Robey: Thanks to everyone for joining us. And to give you little advance notice, our next quarterly earnings call, which will reflect second quarter results, will be on Thursday, August 2 at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. Thanks, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Robert D. Marcus - President and Chief Operating Officer Irene M. Esteves - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Glenn A. Britt - Chairman and Chief Executive officer Tom Robey - 
Analysts: Stefan Anninger - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division John C. Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Michael McCormack - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Philip Cusick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Vijay A. Jayant - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division
Operator: Hello, and welcome to Time Warner Cable's Fourth Quarter 2011 and Full Year Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I'll turn the call over to Mr. Tom Robey, Senior Vice President of Time Warner Cable Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tom Robey: Great. Thanks, Candy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Time Warner Cable's 2011 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. This morning, we issued 2 press releases, one detailing our 2011 fourth quarter and full year results, and the other announcing the reload of our share repurchase authorization and an increase in our regular quarterly dividend. Before we begin, there are several items I want to cover. First, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures including operating income before depreciation and amortization or OIBDA. In addition, we refer to adjusted OIBDA and adjusted OIBDA less capital expenditures. Definitions and schedules setting out reconciliations of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release and our trending schedules. Second, today's announcement includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements herein due to various factors, including economic, business, competitive, technological, strategic and/or regulatory changes that could affect our business. These factors are discussed in detail in Time Warner Cable's SEC filings, including its most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Time Warner Cable is under no obligation to, and in fact, expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  Third, today's comments on our outlook for 2012 do not include the impact of our pending acquisition of Insight Communications and the expected sale of AWS Spectrum by SpectrumCo. And finally, today's press releases, trending schedules, the presentation slides for Mr. Marcus and Ms. Estevez, and the related reconciliation schedules are available on our company's website at timewarnercable.com/investors. A replay of today's call will be available beginning approximately 2 hours after the call has ended and will run through midnight, Eastern Time, January 30. With that covered, I'll thank you and turn the call over to Glenn. Glenn?
Glenn A. Britt: Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. Time Warner Cable capped off 2011 with a strong performance in the fourth quarter. We grew revenues 4% and adjusted OIBDA almost 9% on a year-over-year basis. These results were driven by our focus on improved top line performance and tighter cost management, even as we invested in new growth opportunities.  Business services continued to be our biggest success story. Aided by the NaviSite acquisition, we accelerated the year-over-year revenue growth rate to 37% in the fourth quarter. And even without NaviSite, business services revenue was up 25%, making Q4 the highest growth quarter of the year. In residential services, we returned phone net adds to positive territory. We drove very strong broadband net additions and we continue to make incremental progress in stemming video subscriber losses. On the ad sales front, I'm particularly proud of the fact that we were able to match our full year 2010 revenues, even without the benefit of election year political spending. We returned $3.3 billion to our shareholders in 2011, $642 million in dividends and the remainder in share repurchases. Together, these equaled almost 120% in free cash flow. Not bad. As you saw in this morning's announcements, we are increasing our dividend by 17%. At yesterday's closing price, that equates to a dividend yield of 3.2%, which is higher than 80% of the companies in the S&P 500 Index. And consistent with our balance sheet strategy, our board has replenished our share repurchase authorization. As we enter 2012, I'd like this share some of our priorities for the year ahead. First, we plan to continue our aggressive growth in business services by expanding product offerings, growing our sales force, improving productivity and increasing our serviceable footprint. This means continued investment, both in people and in capital. But remember, business services capital spending remains a fairly small part of the total. We're also focused on growing our core residential services through more aggressive in targeting sales and marketing, and improved customer experience and continued product innovation. That sounds like a lot. It is. The marketplace for residential services is dynamic, both in terms of customer expectations and the competitive environment.  In addition, the audience is bifurcating. One group is extremely price-conscious, perhaps due in part to the ongoing economic malaise. The other group is willing and able to pay for more features and service. We're going to focus more attention on products and services that best meet each group's needs rather than pursuing traditional one-size-fits-all solutions.  Next, we expect to drive ad sales revenue growth by capturing political spending and by expanding our third-party rep deals. In 2012, we're planning to launch and support new business initiatives and product enhancements. These include the Los Angeles RSNs, WiFi and IntelligentHome, which is our home security monitoring service. In addition, we expect to implement our recently announced Verizon Wireless deal.  As always, we will make capital investments in our infrastructure to enable future growth and allow for the continued best-in-class delivery of our products and services. Projects include expansion of our content delivery network, which powers our IP video capability, our 2 international headends, completion of DOCSIS 3.0 deployment, and conversion to all-digital in more cities. We expect to be able to accomplish this while maintaining the capital spending of the last 2 years -- that is, between $2.9 billion and $3 billion, which represents a continued decline in capital intensity. And last, but certainly not least, we expect to integrate and capture synergies related to the NaviSite and NewWave acquisitions, which closed in 2011; and the Insight acquisition, which we expect to close in the next few months. We're off to a very good start with both NaviSite and NewWave.  In summary, our 2011 results demonstrate the continued resilience of our business and its rapid change in technology and the consumer marketplace. We continue to make important progress in what has been a long-term evolution from a company focused only on residential video to one whose growth is now increasingly generated by residential high-speed data and business services. We have a full slate of initiatives in the year ahead, all designed to generate strong free cash flow, enable future growth and provide attractive returns to our shareholders. So now, let me turn it over to Rob and then to Irene to give you additional background. Rob?
Robert D. Marcus: Thanks, Glenn, and good morning, everyone. As Glenn said, we finished off 2011 on a really positive note and we entered 2012 poised for further operational improvement. In the next few minutes, I want to highlight some of our accomplishments and share with you some of our plans for the new year. We've been talking about the challenging economic and competitive environment for several years now, and the operating environment hasn't changed a lot over the last quarter or so. Economic conditions, particularly occupied housing and employment, seemed to have lifted off the bottom a little in recent months, but they generally remain far below prerecession levels. On the competitive front, we estimate that AT&T's U-verse is now available on 1/4 of our footprint and Verizon's FiOS is available in around 12%. That's roughly 10.2 million homes in total, which is only a slight increase over Q3 levels. FiOS marketing efforts and promotional offers were more aggressive in the fourth quarter, while DIRECTV and U-verse were somewhat less so. So the operating environment remains tough, but we're actively managing the business to yield improved results in spite of external factors. As I outlined last quarter, on the subscriber front, we're focused on customer acquisition, upsell and retention, which we internally call get, grow and keep. We're making good progress on all 3 fronts. We're driving customer acquisition and migration with more aggressive offers; better, more focused marketing and advertising; and improvements in our sales channels. And our efforts are paying off. In the fourth quarter, new connects were 3% higher than a year ago. We featured 2 primary offers in Q4.  Early in the quarter, we targeted DSL customers with the $29.99 Internet campaign. And in mid-November, we introduced an $89.99 Triple Play with a year of free DVR service. As you can see on Slide 3 of the PowerPoint presentation, all 3 PSU categories responded and we added twice as many PSUs in Q4 of '11 as we did in Q4 of '10.  Broadband was a real success story in the fourth quarter. Connects were up each month versus the comparable month of 2010, and fourth quarter residential broadband net adds increased over 40% on a year-over-year basis to 117,000. Once again, high-speed data net adds over-indexed to our higher-speed tiers. Roughly 3/4 of residential broadband net adds were Turbo or higher. And DOCSIS 3.0 net adds accelerated for the eighth consecutive quarter to an all-time high of 54,000. Our Triple Play promotion led to a sharp improvement in residential digital phone connects in December, and that helped drive total digital phone net adds of 50,000 in the quarter. That's not as high as the year-ago period, but it does represent a significant change in trend. And in particular, we increased residential phone net adds by 45,000 on a sequential basis. Our experience here reinforces our belief that the relative weakness of phone net adds earlier in the year was related to the value proposition, not the merits of the product itself. As a result, we plan to continue to feature attractive Triple Play and other bundles including our phone product. In fact, just last week, we launched a new Triple Play offer, as well as a "Buy Wideband, get phone free for a year" promotion.  We also were able to continue the year-over-year improvement in video subscriber performance in the fourth quarter, with 9% fewer net subscriber losses than a year ago. Again, the vast majority of the video losses were analog Single Plays. Premiums continued to be weak in the quarter despite being featured in our Triple Play promotion in Q4. As you know, we launched HBO Go this month, and our newest Triple Play offers include an attractive premium channel promotion, so we're hopeful we can re-energize this category. As a result of our efforts in the quarter, a number of other subscriber metrics showed substantial improvement. DVR subscriber net adds turned around to a positive 53,000 after 2 quarters of decline. Our new whole-house DVR drove most of the adds. El Paquetazo net adds were strong, particularly in the West, where subscribers more than doubled year-over-year, and we added another 9,000 Signature Home customers with ARPU of around $230 as compared to about $150 from non-Signature Home Triple Plays.  Our promotions had the expected impact on bundles. Combined, Double and Triple Play net adds improved both sequentially and year-over-year. Irene will talk more about our ARPU trends, but the good news is that because we increased bundle selling, our monthly recurring revenue per new connect actually increased in spite of our more aggressively priced promotions. So we have a lot of initiatives trained on customer acquisition and upsell. It's too early to forecast Q1 subscriber performance, but I can tell you that subscriber net adds in the first few weeks of 2012 were somewhat better than the comparable weeks last year.  On the retention front, we've taken a couple of steps which, in the early going, appear to have helped on the disconnect side. Over the past 2 quarters, we realigned our customer retention function, concentrating calls in a smaller number of service centers staffed by experts. These reps are armed with special training and somewhat more aggressive retention offers than we've had in the past. As a result, save rates are up. In addition, we're taking steps to enhance customer loyalty. Around Thanksgiving, we offered our longest-tenured Triple Play customers free voice mail, not as a promotion, but as a thank you. Although a relatively small gesture, the impact on customer satisfaction metrics was remarkable. You're likely to see more from us in this area. Of course, a big part of getting, growing and keeping customers is ensuring that we deliver a really great customer experience, both product and customer service. On the product side, I'd say that the innovation engine at Time Warner Cable is alive and well. In 2011, we introduced more than 2 dozen new products, from new features that make life a little easier to new product categories altogether. And we're planning to extend this innovation in 2012. Our TWC TV app for the iPad has continued to get better and grow in popularity. It's now been downloaded to around 850,000 unique iPads. And in December, it had more than 300,000 unique users. Last week, we launched a similar app, including almost 200 live video channels for the iPhone. In addition, we have an app that enables customers to use their Android tablets and smartphones as very capable remote controls, and we expect to make live TV available very soon on devices running the new Android 4.0 operating system. We're planning to bring our live IP video to a wide variety of new platforms in the home this year, including PCs and Macs, game consoles, and certain models of Internet-ready televisions. And in addition to live television, we plan to make On-Demand content available in all of these platforms. We're also improving the traditional video viewing experience by enhancing our VOD portal and moving to a uniform, genre-based national channel lineup this year.  Expansion of our Wideband footprint has enabled us to put more distance between our broadband product and DSL. At year end, DOCSIS 3.0 capability was available in 76% of our footprint, and we're planning to complete our deployment of DOCSIS 3.0 this year. We also enhanced our broadband product by deploying 1,200 WiFi access points in Los Angeles, giving our broadband customers mobile access to the Internet. They seem to love it. Our customers have used almost 10 terabytes of capacity in the 4 months since the launch. We hope to turn up as many as 10,000 new WiFi access points in Los Angeles and other cities in the year ahead. And complementing our WiFi strategy, we inked a set of reseller and development agreements with Verizon Wireless last month. We're very excited about the opportunities those arrangements create and we're working towards a first-half launch in several cities. As Glenn mentioned, IntelligentHome, our home security monitoring product, has been launched in 5 cities. And though we're in the very early days, we're very encouraged by the response to the product. On the customer service side, we made significant progress in 2011, although I acknowledge that it's a long journey. Among other initiatives, we're focused on making it more convenient for our customers to do business with us by enabling them to interact with us through the channel of their choice and at a time that suits their schedule, not ours. Historically, contacting the cable company meant a phone conversation with a rep at a call center. In 2011, we improved the number of calls resolved through interactive voice response systems by 40%, getting customers the answers they need faster and without the need for interaction with a live customer service rep. We expect to expand this support channel by another 30% this year. Chat resolution more than doubled last year, and we're adding capacity to expand it by another 60% or so in 2012. In addition, we're working to expand web self-service in the year ahead. This channel offers considerable promise since more than 1/3 of our customers already go to our website before calling us.  Improving the convenience of installation and service is another critical item to customer satisfaction. We've gone to 2-hour service call windows almost everywhere, and we've now got 1-hour windows and weekend appointments in some markets and we're even experimenting with specific times for service appointments in several cities. An increasing number of our customers would prefer to do certain installs themselves, so we're putting resources behind a self-installation initiative this year, in the expectation that it can drive both higher customer satisfaction and lower costs. The bottom line on customer service, we're making progress. There's still much work to do, but I think we're focused on the right drivers.  Before I finish up, let me turn for a moment to business services. In short, we had a great 2011 and we're counting on a repeat performance in 2012. Let me highlight a few areas of focus. First, we're driving bundles. Our existing commercial customer base is still disproportionately composed of Single Plays, either video or high-speed data. In recent quarters, we've had increasing success driving those Singles into bundles and adding more new bundled subs. In the fourth quarter, for example, virtually all of the 12,000 new commercial customer relationships were either Double- or Triple Plays, so this will be a continued area of focus in 2012. Second, we're continuing to go upmarket. While most of our business services revenue comes from small businesses, we've had a lot of success selling to medium-sized businesses, products like dedicated Internet access and Metro Ethernet. This trend continued in 2011 as we grew these 2 categories to more than 1/3 of business services broadband revenues. We plan to continue to drive these products hard in the year ahead as we work to win even more midsized customers. Third, we're putting even more buildings on net. We plan to continue to aggressively expand the number of serviceable commercial establishments in 2012. And fourth, we're adding feet on the street. We believe the opportunity is there and we want to make sure that we're both expanding the sales force and improving its productivity to capture more share. So in closing, we drove better operational performance in the fourth quarter through very a focused effort in customer acquisition, up-selling and retention. And we supported these efforts with continued improvement in the customer experience, both product and service. There's still much to be done and we're focused on the execution of aggressive plans to drive additional improvement in the year ahead. Thank you, and with that, I'll turn it over to Irene to discuss our financial performance and plans for the coming year.
Irene M. Esteves: Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. 2011 was another good year for Time Warner Cable. We grew full year revenue 4.3% as business services revenue grew almost 33%, and residential revenue increased 2.7% while advertising revenue was flat. And adjusted OIBDA grew 5.1%, reflecting our strong revenue growth and somewhat higher margin. The acquisitions of NaviSite, and some of the cable systems from NewWave in 2011 accounted for roughly 60 basis points of total revenue growth and about 40 basis points adjusted OIBDA growth for the year. Operating income increased 10.3% and free cash flow grew over 20% to $2.7 billion or $8.19 per diluted share. EPS increased over 36% to $4.97, exceeding what we projected at the beginning of the year. We returned nearly 120% of free cash flow to shareholders. In total, we returned $3.3 billion through paying cash dividends of $642 million and repurchasing $2.6 billion of our common stock. And as Glenn mentioned, we announced a 17% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.56 per share or $2.24 on an annualized basis and reloaded our share repurchase authorization to $4 billion today. Before we get into the presentation, let me point out that my comments on our 2012 outlook do not include Insight or the sales aided by AWS Spectrum by SpectrumCo, and we'll provide you with updates on these when those transactions close. Let's jump right into our financial results on the next slide. For the full year, total revenue improved 4.3% to $19.7 billion, with total ARPU per customer relationship growing 4.7%. Total fourth quarter revenue increased 4% year-over-year to $5 billion, with total ARPU per customer relationship increasing 4.2% to $115. Of our fourth quarter revenue growth of $192 million, $97 million came from organic residential services, $76 million from organic business services, $34 million from NaviSite and $13 million from NewWave, partially offset by $28 million revenue decline in advertising and other revenue combined. Moving on to Slide 6, we had another terrific year of business services. We targeted organic annual revenue growth in excess of 20% and over 30%, including NaviSite, and we handily achieved those goals with full year growth of 24% and 33%, respectively. For the fourth quarter, we had a record quarter in business services growth, which accounted for close to 60% of our overall revenue growth. NaviSite contributed about 1/3 of business services growth. Our revenue was up $111 million or 37%. Of the $76 million organic growth, HSD and voice comprised 75% of it. Overall, HSD revenue increased over 23%, driven by growth in shared and dedicated Internet access. Business voice revenue increased 50%, driven by subscriber growth, and wholesale transport revenue of $44 million increased almost 50% and was driven by growth in cell tower backhaul. At quarter end, we had an installed base of nearly 7,700 revenue-generating radios and a meaningful backlog under contract. We made significant investments in business services during 2011 and we expect to build on them further in 2012. As Glenn mentioned, we are focused on expanding our products and service offerings, growing our sales force, improving productivity, and increasing our serviceable footprint. We expect these investments to help us drive 2012 business services revenue growth in the 25% to 30% zone again. For residential services, let's start with revenue on Slide 7. Full year 2011 residential revenue grew 2.7%, including NewWave. Fourth quarter revenue grew 2.3% on an organic basis and was up 2.6% including NewWave. The overall year-over-year growth in the fourth quarter was driven by a combination of HSD and voice subscriber growth and improved ARPU per video and HSD subscriber, partially offset by video subscriber losses. HSD revenue growth was up a robust 8.6% for the fourth quarter, contributing $91 million of the fourth quarter growth. Residential voice grew 2.5% to contribute $12 million of growth, and video revenue was about flat.  Switching to Slide 8. We continue to do a good job of getting and retaining customers during difficult economic times. This, coupled with our ongoing effort to move existing customers up the value chain in both video and HSD, continue to drive revenue growth. Flipping to Slide 9. Fourth quarter residential HSD revenue growth was driven by subscriber increases, as well as a 3.7% improvement in residential HSD ARPU. This is an acceleration from the third quarter year-over-year ARPU increase and the 11th consecutive quarter of residential HSD ARPU improvement. The ARPU improvement reflects the continued benefit from price increases and an improved HSD subscriber mix as we migrate subscribers to higher-priced tiers of service. In fact, at quarter end, Turbo and Wideband subscribers comprised nearly 19% of our residential HSD customer base, up from around 14.5% a year ago. Wideband subscribers alone increased 60% from the third quarter and increased tenfold from the fourth quarter a year ago. Moving on to Slide 10. Fourth quarter residential voice revenue improvement was driven by subscriber growth, offset a bit by 1% decrease in ARPU. We think we've learned something about the shape of the demand curve here. We're at higher prices compared to our peers and competitors, and are now improving the value proposition as well as improving our cost structure. We expect the net effect will be higher voice revenue and profit. And turning to Slide 11. The modest growth in fourth quarter residential video revenue reflects the 3.7% increase in ARPU, which more than offset the decline in video subscribers. The ARPU increase was driven by price increases, a more favorable video subscriber mix, increased equipment rentals and an increase in DVR revenue. These factors were partially offset by an $11 million decline in premium channel revenue. On the next slide, full year ad revenues of $880 million were flat with 2010, which was a significant accomplishment given the drop off in political advertising. During the fourth quarter, advertising revenues of $242 million decreased $27 million or 10% year-over-year, driven primarily by the decline in political advertising. Ad revenue was helped by new rep deals, where we sell the advertising for other video distributors, and strengthening in the automotive category. As we look forward, we expect that we'll be able to grow ad revenues in the double-digit range in 2012, helped by political spending in the second half of the year. Let's turn to Slide 13. Full year adjusted OIBDA increased 5.1% and our margin increased 30 basis points. Total operating income rose 10.3% and our operating income margin improved 110 basis points to 20.7%. Fourth quarter adjusted OIBDA grew 8.7% and our margin increased 160 basis points. The improvement reflects higher OpEx in the fourth quarter of 2010 from several items, including $15 million from the reclassification of certain amounts previously recorded as depreciation expense and a $12 million severance charge, which were offset by the loss of high-margin political advertising in Q4 of '11. Fourth quarter operating income rose 3.5% to over $1 billion. Our operating income margin contracted 10 basis points to 20.6%, primarily driven by a $60 million wireless noncash impairment, an increase in depreciation expense and a year-over-year increase in merchant-related and restructuring cost. The wireless write-down was related to our discontinuation of MB&O [ph] services on Clearwire and Sprint's networks as we prepare to offer services through our Verizon Wireless agency agreement. The fourth quarter operating expense, which included $26 million from NaviSite and $8 million from NewWave, grew 1.3% compared to last year. Employee costs were up 6.4%, driven by annual salary increases across all of our businesses and higher headcount in business services, including the addition of NaviSite employees. Business services employee cost increased over 38% while the rest of the company was around 3.5%. Programming expense increased 2.1% in aggregate and 5.6% on a per-subscriber basis. This increase was driven by contractual rate increases which were partially offset by the decline in video subscribers. Even with these increases, the video profit contribution per subscriber increased. We expect the increase in programming costs per sub will accelerate in 2012 to 8% or 9%. Voice costs were down 18% year-over-year in Q4, driven primarily by the benefits from in-sourcing our voice support functions that we've talked about for quite some time now. Residential voice costs per sub per month in Q4 were around $9. We don't expect this to change materially in 2012, since we're not planning to migrate large numbers of additional subs until 2013. During the fourth quarter, we continued to invest in new initiatives, including our wireless build-out and our new home monitoring product, IntelligentHome. In Q4, the combined net cost from these initiatives were approximately $20 million, flat with the fourth quarter of 2010. And full year net costs were around $70 million, which was in line with our expectations at the beginning of the year. In 2012, we plan to continue investing in WiFi and IntelligentHome and launch our L.A. RSN in the fourth quarter. Overall, we expect our 2012 net costs from new initiatives to be in the range of $100 million to $150 million. Due to the timing of the launch of the L.A. RSN, the lion's share of this is expected in the fourth quarter. Operating income growth moderated in the second half of 2011 as growth was impacted by the fourth quarter 2011 items that I just mentioned, and as we lacked a portion of last year's improvements in amortization expense. Looking forward to 2012, even with the investments behind our new initiatives, we still expect to generate high single-digit operating income growth for the full year. Turning to the next slide, full year diluted earnings per share of $4.97 increased nearly 37% from $3.64 in 2010. EPS included a number of items affecting comparability that, in aggregate, increased diluted EPS in 2011 and decreased it in 2010. These items are detailed in Note 1 of our press release. Excluding both the 2011 and 2010 items, EPS would have increased over 25%, from $3.72 in 2010 to $4.68 in 2011, which still exceeded the range that we provided at the beginning of 2011. Fourth quarter diluted earnings per share of $1.75 increased over 60% from $1.09 in Q4 2010. Excluding the items affecting comparability in Note 1 of our earnings release, fourth quarter 2011 EPS would have increased 40%, to $1.39 from $0.99 in 2010. Looking forward, we expect that 2012 full year diluted EPS will be in the $5.25 to $5.50 range.  Turning to capital spending on Slide 15. Our capital spend in the fourth quarter was $942 million, bringing our full year CapEx to $2.94 billion, consistent with our full year guidance and flat with 2010. Full year CapEx as a percent of revenue was 14.9%, down from 15.5% in 2010 as we continue to offset higher business services spending with lower residential capital. Full year business services capital expenditures were $493 million, a 4.9% increase from 2010, with about 56% of the CapEx attributable to the line extensions and expanding our cell tower backhaul footprint. Full year residential, advertising and other capital expenditures were 13.4% of revenue, down from 13.9% in 2010, due primarily to lower CPE, largely offset by higher support capital and scalable infrastructure. Looking forward to 2012 capital spend, we will aggressively invest in business services ahead of its revenue growth. Offsetting this will be lower capital intensity in residential services. However, we'll continue to support residential CapEx on projects that will help us to more rapidly deploy product enhancements and improve our customers' experience. Taking all of that into account, once again, we expect that overall capital intensity will continue to decline, with full year capital spending in the $2.9 billion to $3 billion range, consistent with the levels of the last 2 years. Moving on to free cash flow on Slide 16. The company generated a lot of cash in 2011. We delivered $8.19 per share. We continued to grow our free cash flow at double-digit rates. Given recent declines in interest rates, the present value of our projected pension obligations increased, and as a result, we made a $326 million contribution to our pension plans in the fourth quarter of 2011 compared to $52 million in contributions in the prior year. And for the full year, we contributed $405 million in 2011 compared to $104 million in 2010. Free cash flow for the fourth quarter was $391 million compared to $665 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. The decline was driven by the higher pension contributions and CapEx, partially offset by increased operating income. For the full year 2011, free cash flow was over $2.7 billion, up 20% from 2010. Before we move on to our capital returns, let's flip to Slide 17 as a reminder that we expect cash taxes to increase in 2012 due to a step down of bonus depreciation from 100% to 50% in the economic stimulus legislation and reversal of bonus depreciation from prior years. Assuming flat CapEx in 2012, we expect that taxes will increase by approximately $700 million this year due to lower net stimulus benefits. Including the impact of bonus depreciation, we're expecting free cash flow to grow in the mid single-digits. Let's finish up with our capital return slide. We ended the quarter with net debt and preferred equity totaling $21.6 billion, a $1.2 billion increase from year end 2010. We finished 2011 with a leverage ratio of 2.98x our 12 months adjusted OIBDA. We remain committed to our solid investment grade rating, and I'll remind you that the rating agencies treat our Insight acquisition as closed for purposes of calculating our leverage ratio, though they don't do the same for the pending AWS Spectrum sale. So our pro forma leverage is higher. In addition, the rating agencies tend to treat certain non-balance sheet obligations as if they were debt. So you notice that we provided a more fully loaded leverage ratio in our trending schedules, which considers those obligations. They add a little more than 1/10 of a turn to our ratio. In 2011, we returned 119% of free cash flow or $3.3 billion in total to shareholders: $2.6 billion in share repurchases and $642 million in dividends. Since 2011 year end, through January 25, we have repurchased $96 million of additional shares. Since we launched the share repurchase program in November 2010, we've repurchased approximately 47 million shares, or roughly 13% of what was then outstanding, at an average price of $69 per share for a total of $3.2 billion. As we look forward to 2012, in the absence of a significant acquisition or other strategic event, we would again expect to return more than 100% of free cash flow through dividends and share repurchases. And finally, as Glenn discussed earlier, we announced this morning a 17% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.56 per share. That's $2.24 per share on an annualized basis which, at yesterday's closing stock price, represents a 3.2% dividend yield, and this puts us in the top 20% of companies in the S&P 500. We also topped up our share repurchase authorization to $4 billion today. All this is in keeping with our plans to both grow our businesses and manage our balance sheet prudently while still returning significant excess capital to shareholders. Thank you, and with that, I'll turn it over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call.
Tom Robey: Great. Thanks, Irene. Candy, we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: Our first question comes from Craig Moffett of Sanford Bernstein.
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I'm going to see if I can slip in 2 related ones, if I can. Could you just update us on where we are with home security, which we're starting to read more and more about? And then another growth initiative, the expansion of your WiFi network in Southern California and the interconnection with other carriers, can you just expand a little bit on your strategic outlook for the role that you think WiFi can play in your business?
Glenn A. Britt: Craig, this is Glenn. Let me deal with both those on a strategic level and then Rob can give you some details. The product that we call home security is about much, much more than that. It's a new set of technology that lets you monitor all sorts of things in your home, and we call it home security because everybody's familiar with that. But this technology can allow you to look at things in your home. It turns out a lot of people like to look at their pets when they're not at home, which may sounds silly but it's something people actually like to do. It allows you to just adjust your thermostat remotely, will allow for transmission of medical information, potentially. So it's a very interesting suite of products. WiFi, what we are doing in L.A. is building WiFi pretty extensively. Either Rob or Irene talked about what we've done so far, but we have plans to do a lot more this year and we're bundling that in with higher levels of our high-speed data service. So if you buy those faster tiers, you get free WiFi in these public places. We also are selling it as a day pass to noncustomers, and that's gotten a pretty interesting pickup so far. So Rob, do you want to add to that?
Robert D. Marcus: I don't know. Just in the way of details, Craig. We got the IntelligentHome product now launched in 5 cities. We're in central New York, Rochester, Charlotte, and in L.A., Southern California. And the customer numbers are still very small. We're in the low thousands of customers, but the feedback has been really positive and the installation processes are going well, and customers seem to be appreciating it. So, so far so good, I think we'll report more as we learn more and as the number of customers grows. On the WiFi front, I think Glenn covered it.
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just to be clear, should we assume -- it sounds like we shouldn't assume anything material on the numbers for 2012. Do you think in 2013, for the home automation product, that it will be a material contributor to the business?
Robert D. Marcus: Let me just seize the opportunity a little bit for you and then I'll respond specifically to your question. Home security in the U.S. -- and assume for the moment that what's driving the initial sales of this product is home security as opposed to the other features Glenn described. I think we can debate that. The home security business is somewhere in the neighborhood of an -- residential home security -- of a $9 billion business. If you multiply that by the percentage of the total U.S. we cover, we're talking about an opportunity of, let's say is, I don't know, $1.5 billion to $2 billion. Penetration of U.S. homes is somewhere in the neighborhood of 18% or 19%. So we think it's a nice business. It's not a huge opportunity. We'd love to see meaningful penetration in 2013, but I think it's a little early to tell.
Operator: Next, Stefan Anninger of Credit Suisse.
Stefan Anninger - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Could you discuss the competition you're seeing in New York City? I think in your opening comments, you mentioned that you saw FiOS get a bit more aggressive in 4Q with its promotions. Maybe you could tell us a little bit about what you're seeing in New York with respect to the growing footprint of FiOS in the MDU market and whether that's more quickly or slowly than you expected ,and what are some of the things you're doing to combat that competition.
Robert D. Marcus: Well, look, we've been competing with FiOS for some time now in many of our markets, including New York City. As I mentioned, they were somewhat more aggressive in Q4 than they've been in the past. And not surprisingly, as a result of that, in New York City and in upstate New York, where competition from FiOS is most intense, our performance was relatively weaker. None of that comes as a surprise to us. And just as we've done in other markets that FiOS has entered, we've been aggressive in our marketing and ensured that our product set is as good as it can be anywhere. As you know, we're all-digital in New York City. We've got DOCSIS 3.0 rolled out. We've got the most HD channels in New York City that we have anywhere, so we think we're well equipped to compete. The one thing I would remind you of is that when we talk about FiOS competition, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, the FiOS overlap of the Time Warner Cable footprint is still only 12%. So they're tough competitors. We think we're up to the task, but it's manageable relative to size of the overall business.
Operator: Next question, Jason Bazinet of Citi.
Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes. I just had a question for Mr. Britt regarding retransmission payments. Is there anything from a legal or technical standpoint that would prevent you and the rest of the industry from beginning to pursue some sort of free over-the-air antenna that's integrated with the rest of the equipment that you install in a consumer's home, to give you leverage on those ongoing negotiations?
Glenn A. Britt: Interesting question, and it's a very complex legal issue actually. There's nothing stopping consumers from having an antenna. But whether we provide that and if it's part of our cable system, as a legal matter, is a very complicated thing. It is something we look at a great deal. Let's leave the answer at that.
Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Do you think we'll expect more developments, or do you think this is just something where the status quo persists for a while?
Glenn A. Britt: I don't think you should expect big developments on that particular item.
Operator: Next question, John Hodulik from UBS.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Maybe a quick question in terms of margins as we look forward. Looking out to 2012, you're expecting some higher programming cost and you don't get the boost from the lower telephony cost this year. You had some strong margin performance in 2011. Do you think we can still expect margin, call it EBITDA margin expansion, in 2012 versus 2011?
Irene M. Esteves: John, it's Irene. We are not giving guidance, particularly on the margin, because there's so many puts and takes to that. And it's just difficult to predict and -- with where we're going on mix and so forth. But we did talk about operating income growth in high single-digits, which we're committed to. And we typically -- we just don't manage to a margin. We're trying to grow absolute profit of the company, but not really forecasting a specific margin.
Operator: Next question, Jessica Reif Cohen of Merrill Lynch Bank of America.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'm going to try to sneak in 2. One is on Verizon Wireless agreement. You mentioned you're going to roll out in a couple of markets. What will the marketing -- what would the package look like? And can you talk about expectations to how they might drive your penetration? And what are your thoughts on that technology JV? And on a completely different subject, as you think about rolling out your L.A. RSN, what kind of facility rates will you have to charge to make this investment pay off? And how do you reconcile that against what's happening in New York City with MSG? Does it help or hurt your efforts in L.A. as you reach out to other distributors?
Glenn A. Britt: Jessica, this is Glenn. Let me answer the second one. And then for the Verizon one, I'll have Rob answer it. Obviously, what we end up charging other affiliates in L.A. is of great interest to everybody in the sports market ,and it's a complicated situation. Everybody's watching it. We are not quite ready to go to market yet, and though disappointing, it's premature for me to comment on that. But when we're ready, we will tell everybody what the placing is going to be.
Robert D. Marcus: Jessica, on the Verizon Wireless question. So as you know, we've got what I would describe as reciprocal agency agreements between us and Verizon Wireless. They'll sell our products and we'll sell theirs. And in the early days, first markets we launched, I would expect that the offerings, that each of us make of our respective products, will probably look a lot like what Comcast and Verizon Wireless launched with in the 2 markets that they've launched. So we're talking about really bundling together a wireless plan with our Triple Play, in the simplest case. And what the incentive to buy that bundle is will probably be something we tweak over time. So as to the second part of your question, we have every expectation that Verizon Wireless will, in fact, be able to help drive our offerings, as well as our selling theirs. And as for the JV, I think it's a little early to talk specifically about what might come out of that JV, but the intent is certainly enhance each of our products by developing products that take advantage of the fact that we're working together -- in other words, enhance the seamless integration of wireless and wireline. So we're excited by that, too, but it's a little too early to talk specifically about it.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Can you just say when you'd expect the approval, how long it will take?
Robert D. Marcus: Again, it's very hard to say how long that process will take. I know Verizon, yesterday, said -- earlier in the week, said something like midyear. That's as good a guess as any, but we really don't have any specific date.
Operator: The next question, Doug Mitchelson of Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: For Glenn and Rob, another year has gone by. The video marketplace continues to evolve. So I'm curious what your updated thoughts are regarding customers buying smart TVs and Rokus and Apple TVs and increasingly using someone else's user interface to access video content. Netflix last night, in fact, talked again how they're complementary to pay-TV rather than competing with it. Are there any initiatives, on your end, underway to help customers get access to online video through your set-top boxes so they don't increasingly rely on other ways access video content on the TV?
Glenn A. Britt: Doug, there actually isn't a huge amount to report there. I think there's increasingly devices on the market that allow Internet connection. We don't anticipate doing that anytime soon with our big base of legacy set-tops. They don't have that capability. But we do plan to use, as you know, all these devices for our own products, and Rob went through some of what we're doing. We have not seen a huge impact of this on our video subscriptions, and all of the studies and surveys that we continue to see report that. But it's something we pay a lot of attention to.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I mean, just you sort of put a point to it. As you sit here today, do you think the price value of your products, to the extent that customers are using online video more and more on a stand-alone basis even if they're using a different user interface, that's not something you anticipate impacting your business looking forward? Is that a fair way to put it then?
Glenn A. Britt: I think there are -- remember, the average TV in America is on for some very large number of hours a day -- what, 6, 7, 8 hours a day, whatever the latest number is. And this activity you're talking about is kind of sporadic, watching specific programs. So most people watch a lot of TV and they like these packages of linear networks. And the services we're talking about are not, at this point, a substitute for that. Having said that, there are people who don't watch TV very much and they're quite satisfied with just being able to watch a few shows now and then. And we all know a lot of those people, and I think that affects our perception of what's really going on in terms of the mass market.
Operator: Next question is from Phil Cusick from JPMorgan.
Philip Cusick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I wondered if you can talk a little bit about content costs, the acceleration to, I think you said 8% to 9% this year. Is that sort of a new normal or do you expect that to drop back down more to mid single-digits the year after?
Irene M. Esteves: I think it's more of an old normal. We saw this for a couple of years and then a slight dip in 2011. We expect it to go back up, and it has to do with the contracts that we have already and the new contracts coming up. The old contracts have accelerators in them. That's what we expect out of the new contracts, so it's going back to the old normal.
Operator: Next question, Vijay Jayant of ISI Group.
Vijay A. Jayant - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Given the programming rate increases, can you sort of talk about what you think you'll do on video rate increases, as well as also broadband rate increases in 2012? It seemed that most operators are seeing the same programming rate increases. So is there a chance that we see, excluding probably FiOS, less competitive intensity in terms of promotional activity in 2012, in your mind?
Glenn A. Britt: I think Rob may have some comments, too, but this is a very complicated subject. And in the old days, people saw this business as a quasi-utility, and they would quote rates and there was a big focus in newspapers on the rate increase every year. We now have a very large array of products and different packages, and we price those market by market, taking account of the competition and competitive offers. So it's a very complicated matrix and it's not an across-the-board thing that you can easily characterize. So Rob, I don't know if you want to add anything to that.
Robert D. Marcus: I think, more than anything else, our pricing strategy is dictated by what the marketplace will bear as opposed to what our underlying cost structure is. So while it would be nice to say we can always pass-through all increases in our cost base to customers, the ultimate driver is what the marketplace will bear. And I can't really speculate about whether or not 2012 will be more or less competitive. I would argue it's been manageable to-date and we'll see where it goes.
Operator: Next question, Jason Armstrong of Goldman Sachs.
Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just maybe a question on the guidance and thinking about the EBITDA or EBIT growth, operating income growth, you're talking about and how that translates into the EPS guidance that you gave. So high-singles operating income growth and then, effectively, a range of 12% to 18% normalized EPS growth. The low end of that implies that buybacks decelerate further from here. I'm just wondering, is that what you intended to imply through this guidance, is that there's an actual risk to that?
Irene M. Esteves: As you know, we're not giving any guidance on pacing on buybacks. So that's not part of the guidance. But it is an all-in number, and we think it's in keeping with our objectives of growing our operating income and having that drop to the bottom line. We did have, as you know, those special items in 2011 which we hope we've laid out in Note 1 to help get the apples-to-apples comparison.
Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Irene, is the appropriate base the adjusted $4.68 number for 2011?
Irene M. Esteves: Yes.
Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So as we think about the $5.25 to $5.50, it's 12% to 18% growth? Maybe it's fair to think that the midpoint just sort of assumes the existing pacing, and that's how the 2 tie together?
Irene M. Esteves: Well, the guidance that we have given is that we expect to return over 100% of free cash flow. So we hope that's helpful.
Operator: Next question, Mike McCormack of Nomura Securities.
Michael McCormack - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Can you just give us a little more color on the commercial services opportunity as far as what capabilities that you think you may need going forward? And then if possible, Irene, maybe some parameters around the cost impact as we progress through 2012, both CapEx and OpEx.
Glenn A. Britt: Okay, Rob, do you want to take the first one?
Robert D. Marcus: We highlighted, in our prepared remarks, some of the things we're doing on the commercial front to support what we expect will be, once again, robust growth. So capabilities we need. We need to invest in our plan to ensure that we have more commercial premises on our network and we need to continue to expand our sales force. And I think those are both capabilities that we are able to deliver on an organic basis. So I think we've got what we need to continue to grow this business.
Irene M. Esteves: And I think that drives to the second point, which is our operating and capital expenditures toward this business. As you said, we're aggressively investing behind it, both in capital -- we expect the capital intensity to go up in this part of the business, as well as operating expenses as we hire new folks to build out the business. But that's all taken into consideration as we talk about our operating income growing at high single-digits. We're finding opportunities and efficiencies in the rest of the business in order to fund both the business services build-out, as well as the other new initiatives we talked about and still deliver that high single-digit operating income growth.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Mike. I think that's probably all we have time for this morning. So thanks to everyone for joining us. And to give you a little advance notice, Time Warner Cable's next quarterly conference call, which will reflect our first quarter 2012 results, will be on Thursday, April 26, 2012, at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. Thanks, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Robert D. Marcus - President and Chief Operating Officer Tom Robey - IR Irene M. Esteves - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Glenn A. Britt - Chairman and Chief Executive officer
Analysts: Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Philip Cusick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Thomas W. Eagan - Collins Stewart LLC, Research Division Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Time Warner Cable Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. And now I'll turn the call over to Mr. Tom Robey, Senior Vice President of Time Warner Cable Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Candy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Time Warner Cable's 2011 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This morning, we issued a press release detailing our 2011 third quarter results.  Before we begin, there are several items I need to cover. First, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures, including operating income before depreciation and amortization or OIBDA. In addition, we refer to adjusted OIBDA and adjusted OIBDA less capital expenditures. Definitions and schedules setting out reconciliations of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release or our trending schedules.  Second, today's announcement includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances.  [Audio Gap] Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements herein due to various factors, including economic, business, competitive, technological, strategic and/or regulatory changes that could affect our business. These factors are discussed in detail in Time Warner Cable's SEC filings, including its most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Time Warner Cable is under no obligation to, and in fact, expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. And finally, today's press release, trending schedules and presentation slides and related reconciliation schedules are available on our company's website at timewarnercable.com/investors. A replay of today's call will be available beginning approximately 2 hours after the call has ended and will run through midnight Eastern Time, October 31.  And with that covered, I'll thank you and turn the call over to Glenn. Glenn?
Glenn A. Britt: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Time Warner Cable continued to post steady results in the third quarter with year-over-year revenue and adjusted OIBDA growth of just under 4%. Our free cash flow remains very strong. We generated more than $600 million in the third quarter and almost $2.4 billion year-to-date through September. We drove stronger residential video and broadband subscriber metrics compared to the year-ago quarter, and we posted business services revenue growth of 35%, including NaviSite. And ad sales did fine, although it's feeling the impact of a wobbly economy and the absence of 2010's election-year political advertising.  Since our last call, we announced the acquisition of Insight Communications. Were excited about the opportunity to buy a well-run company in the business we love at an attractive price, and we look forward to serving Insight's customers and bringing them our innovative capabilities over time. We continue to expect the transaction to close in the first half of next year.  Disciplined balance sheet management continues to be a top priority. The announced acquisition of Insight increased our pro forma leverage. As a result, we slowed the pace of our share repurchases as we actively managed our balance sheet to meet our targeted leverage ratio and cost of capital. The slower pace notwithstanding, we still bought almost $600 million worth of shares in the third quarter. [Audio Gap] [indiscernible] maximizing our opportunity in our 2 most promising areas, residential broadband and business services, while continuing to deliver both the content and innovation our customers expect in our video product.  Broadband is a powerful service for which there appears to be unquenchable consumer thirst. We have a great story here. We're winning share while increasing ARPU. Over time, we'll devote much more of our plant's capacity to broadband, and well allocate more capital to this service, as we continue to enable customers to access innovative and increasingly bandwidth-intensive Internet applications.  Business services is mostly about share shift. But I think we can also grow the category by applying new technology, including the capabilities we acquired with NaviSite. I can see the opportunity to grow this business even faster if we make more investments in expanding our sales force and extending the plan to increase serviceability in certain parts of our footprint.  Video is a very good but mature business. We're striving to deploy resources thoughtfully to build on our strength. When you think about it, nearly everyone watches TV, and they watch a lot of it. Cable has always been about offering access to more TV and providing greater convenience. Were building on this legacy by bringing our video product to a variety of consumer electronics devices. We're consistently updating our iPad app every few months, and we're planning to bring similar functionality to existing -- to additional devices later this year.  We introduced whole home DVRs across our footprint earlier this year, resulting in a better consumer experience yet having a very modest impact on costs. Next, we'll begin installing home gateways, which we expect to further improve our service while actually reducing CPE capital and some configurations.  And last, I'd point to our user interface. We have no illusions that we can make all of our 14 million legacy set-top boxes sing and dance like an iPad. In fact, it isn't all that easy to invent a simple way to serve hundreds of channels with a remote control that isn't a keyboard. However, we're making incremental investments in the most recent generations of set-tops, that is those with fast processors, a DOCSIS connection and home networking capabilities. As a result, we have now employed our first generation of cloud-based guide functionality in parts of Syracuse, Los Angeles and Dallas. It provides advanced search and box [ph] for on-demand content. We expect to roll it out broadly in the next several quarters.  We also need to refocus on the voice product. While cord cutting continues apace, we still have considerable opportunity to grow, although it may require new promotions and packaging to attract new customers.  So in summary, we continued to post steady financial progress in the third quarter powered by residential broadband and business services. And we're particularly pleased by stronger subscriber results in August and September.  So let me turn it over to Irene and then Rob to give you additional background.
Irene M. Esteves: Thanks, Glenn, and good morning, everyone. I'm excited to be here for my inaugural earnings call this morning and to be part of the Time Warner Cable team. Let's start off with our third quarter highlights on Slide 3.  Third quarter revenue grew 3.7% over last year as residential services revenue increased 2% and business services revenue grew almost 35%, while advertising revenue declined 3%.  As you know, the third quarter 2011 includes the results from NaviSite, which we acquired in the second quarter of 2011. NaviSite accounts for roughly 70 basis points of total revenue growth and about 40 basis points of adjusted OIBDA growth in the quarter.  Operating income was up 8.1%, and free cash flow was up almost 55% to $613 million or $1.86 per diluted share. Excluding the benefits from the economic stimulus programs which are detailed in our trending schedules, free cash flow grew nearly 19%. Diluted earnings per share increased 8% to $1.08, and we returned $731 million to our shareholders in the third quarter through share repurchases and dividends.  And finally, with 3 quarters of the year behind us, we remain on track to meet or exceed all other elements of our full year financial guidance except for advertising revenue. We are moderating our expectations a bit. And I'll touch on that in a few minutes.  Let's move on to our Q3 subscriber trends on Slide 4. Subscriber net adds improved on a year-over-year basis for the first time in a while, despite facing headwinds from a still weak economy. Once again, the performance varied across our footprint with Texas and the Carolinas doing relatively better than the rest of our footprint. We continued to grow our high-speed data subscribers with 105,000 net adds in the quarter, over 4x the HSD net adds reported last week by AT&T and Verizon combined. We finished the quarter with nearly 10.2 million total HSD subs. That's a 4.7% increase in our HSD subscriber base compared to last year. Our residential HSD subscriber mix continued to improve with more customers taking higher-speed tiers. We added 79,000 Turbo and 43,000 Wideband or DOCSIS 3.0 customers, offset somewhat by a net loss of basic and light subscribers. At quarter end, Turbo and Wideband subscribers together comprised over 18% of our residential HSD customer base. Wideband subscribers nearly doubled from the second quarter and increased tenfold from the third quarter a year ago.  Consistent with our focus on targeting new customers, we added 97,000 residential HSD, Single Play subscribers. Business HSD net adds accelerated for the fourth consecutive quarter to 16,000, representing our highest quarterly net adds ever. Third quarter video sub losses were 126,000, a 29,000 improvement from last year's third quarter and the first improvement in video net adds in almost 2 years, as disconnects were down from the prior-year period. We actually gained video subscribers in September.  We continue to do well with our Spanish language offering, especially in Texas and Southern California. In fact, we've increased the number of El Paquetazo subscribers almost 75% from the third quarter of 2010.  We continued to see some growth in voice. Net adds were 5,000, and we ended the quarter with over 4.6 million voice subscribers, a 4.6% growth rate versus the prior year. The overall gain in voice subscribers was driven by business net adds of 13,000, which were partially offset by residential losses of 8,000 in the quarter.  Customer relationships were largely flat with the second quarter of 2011. Our renewed focus on nonvideo customers resulted in record nonvideo net adds of 118,000, which mostly offset video-only and Triple Play losses in the quarter. At quarter end, 60% of our customers were either Double or Triple Plays.  Churn was flat to down year-over-year in each PSU category.  Before we move on to the financials, let me give you an update on fourth quarter subscriber trends. It's still early in the quarter, but in the first few weeks of October, video and broadband net adds are in the same zone as a year ago. But voice net adds continued to be weaker.  And turning to our financial results on the next slide. Total third quarter revenue increased 3.7% year-over-year to $4.9 billion with total ARPU for customer relationship increasing 4%. Excluding NaviSite, revenue grew 3%.  In dollar terms, total revenue was $177 million higher with $83 million of that growth coming from residential services, $66 million from organic business services growth and $34 million from NaviSite, partially offset by a $6 million revenue decline in advertising and other revenue combined.  Let's focus first on residential services revenue on Slide 6. Residential revenue grew 2%, driven by a combination of HSD and voice subscriber growth and improved ARPU per PSU, partially offset by video subscriber losses. Residential HSD revenue grew by 7.8%, contributing $81 million of the growth, and residential voice contributed $15 million with a 3.1% growth rate, partially offset by a $14 million or 0.5% decline in residential video revenue.  Switching to Slide 7. As I mentioned earlier, we did a good job of retaining customers during difficult economic times. This, coupled with our efforts to move existing customers up the value chain to realize higher ARPU, helped to drive revenue growth despite the tough economy.  Turning to Slide 8. The residential video revenue decline reflects a 3.3% increase in ARPU, which largely offset a decline in video subscribers. The ARPU increase was driven by price increases, a more favorable video subscriber mix, increased equipment rental installation charges and a 10% increase in DDR revenue, offset by declines in premium channels and transactional video-on-demand revenues. Premium channel revenue was down $12 million from Q3 2010 and accounted for most of the decline. Transactional video-on-demand revenue declined $7 million with the drop-off being fairly even across the movies and adult categories, and events were flat.  Flipping to Slide 9. Residential HSD revenue growth was driven by subscriber increases, as well as a 3.1% improvement in residential HSD ARPU. This is the tenth consecutive quarter of year-over-year residential HSD ARPU improvement as we continued to benefit from price increases and the improved HSD subscriber mix that I mentioned earlier. On a sequential basis, HSD ARPU was a couple of pennies lower than the second quarter in part due to seasonality. Most of the connects are backend loaded as students return to college. And often, students enjoy discounted bulk rates. In addition, as part of our effort to win over more DSL subs, we offered Single Play HSD promotions at $29.95.  Moving on to Slide 10. Residential voice revenue improvement was driven by subscriber growth, which was slightly muted by 0.9% decrease in ARPU.  And moving to Slide 11. Organic revenue growth from business services accounted for over 35% of the company's overall growth versus last year. NaviSite contributed nearly 20% of the growth. Combined, business services accounted for over 55% of our overall revenue growth this past quarter. And for the quarter, business services revenue was up 23% organically and almost 35% including NaviSite. Of the $66 million of organic growth, HSD contributed over 40% or $28 million.  Voice provided more than 25% or $18 million, and wholesale transport contributed about 20% or $14 million. Business HSD revenue increased close to 18%, driven by growth in shared and dedicated Internet access. Business voice revenue increased over 50%, driven by subscriber growth, and wholesale transport revenues of $39 billion (sic) [$39 million] increased more than 55% and was driven by growth in cell tower backhaul.  Cell tower backhaul revenue was $34 million, a 55% increase from last year's third quarter. At quarter end, we had an installed base of roughly 7,200 revenue-generating radios and a meaningful backlog under contract. So we are well on our way to achieving full year organic business services revenue growth in excess of 20% and over 30% revenue growth including NaviSite.  On the next slide, you will see advertising revenues of $216 million decrease $7 million or 3.1% as the expected drop in political advertising and weakness in the overall ad market in our footprint was only partially offset by revenue from third-party rep deals. Pricing in another way, the media and automotive categories had relatively strong growth offset by the decline in political.  Given the soft advertising trends we saw in the third quarter, coupled with the $42 million of political advertising we sold in the fourth quarter of last year, we expect fourth quarter 2011 advertising revenues to decline on a year-over-year basis and that full-year advertising revenue will be down slightly from 2010.  Let's turn to Slide 13. Third quarter adjusted OIBDA grew 3.9% to $1.8 billion, and our margin increased 10 basis points. Excluding NaviSite, adjusted OIBDA grew 3.5%, and our margins increased 20 basis points.  Operating income rose 8.1% to about $1 billion, and our operating income margin improved 80 basis points to 20.4%, driven by a decline in amortization expense related to the customer relationships associated with Adelphia and the TKCCP partnership being fully amortized in the third quarter and at the end of 2010, respectively.  Total third quarter operating expense, which included $27 million from NaviSite, grew 3.6% compared to last year. Employee costs were up 6.4%, driven by annual salary increases across all of our businesses and higher headcount, primarily in business services, which includes NaviSite. Business services employee costs increased over 38%, while the rest of the company was up around 3.5%.  Programming expense increased 3.5% in aggregate and 7.4% on a per subscriber basis. The increase was driven by contractual rate increases, higher retransmission consent expense and programming adjustments that increased growth by about $5 million, which were partially offset by the decline in video subscribers. Even with these increases, the video profit contribution per subscriber increased. We expect programming cost per sub growth for the full year 2011 to be in the same ballpark as in 2010.  Voice costs were down 19% in Q3 as the benefits from the in-sourcing of our voice support functions continues to accrue. As of the end of Q3, we have migrated almost half of our phone customers and have largely completed this year's moves. Our Q3 monthly residential voice cost per sub dropped over $3 versus a year ago to $9.06. And our total gross -- voice gross margin improved nearly 800 basis points year-over-year.  Fourth quarter voice cost per sub should be similar to the third quarter as we have fewer subscriber migrations left this year. For 2012, we will benefit from a full year of cost savings for the subs we migrated during 2011. Most of our remaining voice subscribers will be moved in 2013. And when we're all done in 2014, we expect to see our pre-migration voice costs cut roughly in half.  Third quarter marketing expense of $163 million was constant at 3.3% of revenue. And during the third quarter, we continued to invest in new business initiatives, including wireless and our new home security offering. In Q3, the combined losses from these initiatives were approximately $20 million, up $5 million from the third quarter of 2010. We plan to continue investing in these new initiatives during the fourth quarter and still expect our total 2011 startup losses to be in the range of $75 million.  Consistent with the update that we provided you at our conference in September, Q3 adjusted OIBDA growth decelerated from the second quarter, and we expect growth will accelerate in the fourth quarter as we benefit from in-sourcing our voice support function, the expected cost savings from our strategic sourcing initiative and some onetime expenses that reduced Q4 2010 adjusted OIBDA, including an executive severance charge and a reclassification of certain amounts previously recorded as depreciation.  Operating income growth moderated in the third quarter since we lapped a portion of last year's improvements in amortization expense, which will also affect fourth quarter operating income growth. Nonetheless, we continue to expect to generate double-digit operating income growth for the full year.  Turning to the next slide. Third quarter diluted earnings per share of $1.08 increased 8%, primarily due to an increase in operating income and the benefit of our share repurchases, which were partially offset by higher net income tax and interest expenses.  Last year's Q3 book taxes were reduced by about $23 million related to the partial release of our valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, resulting in an effective tax rate of 34.7% compared to 40.4% in the third quarter of 2011.  Through the first 3 quarters of 2011, diluted earnings per share was $3.24, up 27% over the same period last year. We continue to expect that 2011 full year diluted EPS will be in the range of $4.25 to $4.50, including the additional carry on the bonds we issued earlier this year.  Turning to capital spending on Slide 15. Through the first 9 months of the year, CapEx was just under $2 billion or 13.6% of revenue, down from 15.3% in the first 9 months of 2010. Third quarter CapEx was down 6.5% year-over-year to $632 million.  The decline in capital spending has driven depreciation growth rates down to 0.4% -- sorry, 0.04% for the first 9 months. Total CapEx continued to benefit from our strategic sourcing initiative, which is helping to reduce our per unit pricing and enhance the efficiency of our supply chain.  Business services capital expenditures were $117 million, largely flat with last year's third quarter. And roughly half of the B2B CapEx was attributable to line extensions and expanding our cell tower backhaul footprint. Q3 residential capital expenditures were 12% of residential revenue and were down to $508 million due primarily to lower CPE upgrades and rebuilds and scalable infrastructure. As we mentioned last quarter, we are spending on projects that will help us to rapidly deploy product enhancements and improve our customers' experience, including data centers in Charlotte and Denver, our conversion to all-digital in Maine and the continued rollout of DOCSIS 3.0. We also expect to continue to invest in business services growth. So while capital intensity in the first 9 months of the year was our lowest ever, we expect to spend more in the fourth quarter, and we continue to expect that full year capital spending will be in the $2.9 billion to $3 billion range, consistent with our 2010 level.  Moving on to cash flow on Slide 16. We continued to grow our cash flow strong double-digit rates in Q3. Free cash flow for the quarter was $613 million, up nearly 55% over the third quarter of 2010. Excluding the bonus depreciation, free cash flow was still up nearly 19%. For the first 9 months of 2011, free cash flow was almost $2.4 billion, up over 45% from the comparable period in 2010. Excluding bonus depreciation, 9 months free cash flow grew 2.9%.  Before we move on to our capital returns, let me remind you that we expect cash taxes will increase next year. As we detailed for you last quarter, if 2012 CapEx were similar to this year's expected level, cash taxes would be approximately $700 million higher in 2012 than in 2011. This is due to the reversals of benefits received in prior years in the economic stimulus legislations.  And let's finish up with our capital return slides. We ended the quarter with net debt and preferred equity totaling $21.2 billion, an $826 million increase in year-end 2010. Our leverage ratio was 3.0x our last 12 months adjusted OIBDA. This quarter, we returned $731 million to shareholders through our share repurchase program and dividend. We bought back 8 million shares of common stock for $573 million and paid out $158 million or $0.48 per share in dividends during the third quarter.  Since quarter end through October 25, weve repurchased 1.4 million -- 1.5 million additional shares. Since we launched the repurchase program in November 2010, we have repurchased approximately 40 million shares or 11% of what would have been outstanding at an average price of $70 per share for a total of roughly $2.9 billion. This leaves about $1.1 billion remaining on our authorization.  So to summarize, we had another solid quarter where we continued to drive strong growth in broadband and business services, which lifted revenue growth and drove healthy free cash flow. We continued to return capital to shareholders in excess of our free cash flow, as we prudently manage our balance sheet to our target leverage ratio and cost of capital.  Thank you. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rob.
Robert D. Marcus: Good morning, everyone. It's great to have Irene on board to bring a fresh perspective to our organization and, not incidentally, to enable me to devote my full attention to our operations.  I'm pleased that we continue to grow the business nicely despite a pretty tough economic and competitive environment. That said, I always believe we can do better, and we've already taken meaningful action in a couple of areas.  We've talked a lot about improving our marketing capabilities, and we made good progress on that front during the third quarter. Over the past couple of years, we built a strong research-based foundation in marketing with significant progress in understanding customer segmentation, customer lifetime value and pricing theory. We're now building an action-oriented marketing organization on that foundation that is focused on getting, keeping and growing subs, in other words, basic blocking and tackling.  On the getting or acquisition side, we're focused in a few core areas. First and foremost, were focused on selling our most differentiated product, broadband. We are targeting the 3.7 million residential subs who subscribe to our video services but don't buy broadband from us. We estimate that more than 2 million of these customers buy broadband from the phone companies, and the lion's share of them probably buy DSL. In my mind, there's no reason for a customer who already does business with us to buy an inferior broadband product from someone else. So we're devoting a lot of cross-channel ad inventory to appeal to these customers with messaging specifically tailored to DSL winback.  In addition, were redoubling our efforts to sell broadband to households that don't currently subscribe to any of our services. We have increased and refocused our broadcast ad bodies to reach this audience.  It's early, but the results are encouraging. A key measure of marketing effectiveness is gross connect volume, and broadband connects were up year-over-year across the board in Q3. HSD Single Play connects increased the most, but HSD Doubles and Triples were up, too.  Another aspect of the acquisition process is targeting the right product to the right customer. And we've been more aggressive here, too. At the high end, we've effectively relaunched our Signature Home offering. If you live in our footprint, you've probably seen the new Signature Home commercials. They're certainly more provocative and more engaging than anything we've done in the past, portraying our product in the context of a luxurious lifestyle.  Call volume and connects have increased since we first aired the new campaign, and Signature Home customer ARPU is over $230 a month as compared to our average Triple Play customer ARPU of about $150. So we're very pleased with the early results of the relaunch.  As we discussed at the September conferences, we're also focused on addressing the needs of more budget-conscious consumers. TV Essentials, which is our smaller, less expensive video package, is now available in New York City and Northeast Ohio, as well as upstate New York. And we plan to launch it in most of the rest of the footprint by year end. We've also just launched a TV Essentials Light HSD Double Play. One interesting observation is that while the TV Essentials product has generated lots of interest, the vast majority of customers who call about the offering end up taking a more robust video package.  The one soft spot on the acquisition front this quarter was in our phone product. It's no secret that overall voice lines are declining, but at 17% penetration, we still see upside here. We've concluded that we need to put more marketing muscle behind voice and probably need to be somewhat more aggressive on price.  Recently, we've devoted more of our cross-channel inventory to a 1995 bolt-on phone product for Double Play customers. We think this can drive incremental revenue and gross margin dollars. I'm not promising an immediate turnaround, but I do expect that we can do better than the recent trends.  As I mentioned, we're focused not just on getting subs, but also on keeping and growing them. In particular, we're taking steps to better manage our customer relationships through the key junctures in their life cycles with us like price increases, promotional roll-offs and potential disconnects. We're proactively reaching out to customers in anticipation of these events, and were applying segmentation techniques, treating differently tenured customers differently. And rather than simply offering discounts, we're offering customers more value so we can keep the customer and preserve ARPU and margin.  We're continuing to make good progress on the product front as well. We are pressing our advantage in broadband by adding even more speed. DOCSIS 3.0 or Wideband is now available in roughly 3 quarters of our footprint. And as Irene mentioned, we nearly doubled our Wideband subscriber base in Q3.  We're also adding mobility to our broadband product. In Los Angeles, we've deployed more than 750 WiFi hotspots in some of the most highly trafficked zones of the city. All standard tier and above customers now get free access to these hotspots. And our Wideband 50 customers also get 2 gigabytes of 4G, 3G mobile broadband for no additional monthly charge. For Turbo plus and Wideband 30 customers, they can get the same 4G, 3G capability for an incremental $10 a month. And for standard and Turbo customers, they can get it for an extra $20. We just started marketing this capability last month, but we've seen an almost immediate uptick in the take rates for our higher-end broadband tiers in LA. So early indications are that this approach to mobility resonates more than some of the earlier efforts we've made to sell stand-alone wireless broadband.  We're also continuing to drive improvements in our video product. Version 2.5 of our iPad app introduced last month enables parental controls and search by title or episode. In the fourth quarter, we're planning to add on-demand content, as well as local broadcast in other channels in New York City, in addition to even better search capabilities. We'll then add local channels in other cities during 2012.  We also have teams working to make our video product accessible on Android devices, game consoles, smart TVs and PCs. I would be remiss if I closed without saying a word or 2 about our best performer, business services. The core business, selling to small- and medium-sized businesses, is strong with Q3 revenue growth of 23%. The investments we've made in an expanded sales force are paying off as newer salespeople gain enough tenure and experience to carry full sales quotas.  Early success at NaviSite further boosted overall business services growth to 35%. All in all, business services continues to be a significant engine of our overall growth.  So in closing, we're taking a machine that runs well and renewing our attention to detail to drive even better performance. We're pleased with the results, although we recognize that there's more work to be done.  Thank you, and with that, I'll turn it over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Rob. Candy, we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the conference call. [Operator Instructions] First question, please.
Operator: Our first question comes from Douglas Mitchelson, Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: One question. There's a pretty strong message on the call around broadband. So for Glenn, I guess my one multipart question, you talked about the power of broadband, allocating more capital and more plant capacity. I don't think you've heard -- I've heard you put it quite that way before, so I was hoping for more details on that comment. For example, increased capital spend on broadband. What would that entail? And would that drive your overall CapEx spending back to increasing rather than the flattish outlook you've given in the past? And when you talk about plant capacity and allocating more capacity there, are you concerned about Internet video usage driving declines in traditional video? Or do you just add capacity and let the chips fall where they may? That would be helpful.
Glenn A. Britt: Doug, there's a whole a lot of questions in there, so let me just make a few general comments. In a way, there's nothing really new here. I think you've seen this trend for a while. Our broadband product is very strong. As most people know, the usage of broadband is skyrocketing, as it has been for some time. And that means that we will need to spend more money on it. We have been already, both in capital and operating expenses. And I think as people -- the great thing about the Internet is lots of third parties dream up lots of new applications that require more speed and more bandwidth. And we anticipate that we're going to have to devote more capacity to that over time. We will do that by gradually removing our analog signals from our -- our analog TV signals from our plan. We've been doing that over the last several years by migrating to digital using Switched Digital technology. And over the next several years, we'll be going all digital in the TV space. I don't see this driving a dramatic change in our cap spending, I think, to the core of your questions. The spending has been going on for a while, and I think you're seeing a change in mix. The video spending is going down over time. The business services is going to go up, although it didn't this quarter. And you're going to see the spending on broadband going up. But I don't think the overall trajectory is mutually different. I think that answers most of your questions.
Robert D. Marcus: Doug, I'll just chime in on the second part of your question. Weve said for a long time, we embrace video consumption online, as well as any other applications that take full advantage of the robust infrastructure and broadband capability that we deliver. So no, we don't approach it with concern about video consumption declines on the traditional platform.
Operator: Next, Jessica Reif-Cohen, Bank of America.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Actually along the lines of Doug just asked, I wanted to hone in on a comment Glenn made on the call. On SME, where you said you would increase investment in both sales and plant, is there anything new there? And if there is, could you just give us some color? And can you drive growth further? What are the plans? And then as my multipart part of this, I don't know if Irene or Rob, but if you could comment on some of the stuff in the trending schedule. DVR penetration went down for the second quarter in a row, and bad debt expense went up more than 20% sequentially. I'm just wondering, are they connected? Is it the economy again? Or is there something else going on?
Glenn A. Britt: Jessica, I'll take the first one. We do think -- we are very excited about the business services space. And I think the 2 comments, specifically, we have already seen evidence that if we hire more salespeople, we can get more business, and we've been doing that. And I think we can do it some more. Obviously, there is a financial consideration there. You hire people, and they're not productive day 1, so there's a hit to the P&L until they are productive. But we see opportunity there. And the comment on plant, we've been -- as I think everybody in the call knows, cable was originally a residential business, and business areas were not necessarily built out very much. We have been focusing on selling businesses that are very close to our plant or maybe on our current plant. And there is the opportunity to construct in places where we're not so robust and get customers there. So that's what that comment was. Irene, you want to take the other?
Irene M. Esteves: I'll mention on the bad debt that we had. We have a normal seasonality in our bad debt. And as college students tend to leave, it spikes up a bit. But I would also point out that it's a very small number on a very large revenue number. So we're talking about $41 million on $4.9 billion of revenue. So when it changes a little bit, it seems to change as a large percentage but not when you think about this changing on such a large base.
Robert D. Marcus: Jessica, on the DVR question. If you dissect our video sub losses, about 65,000 of the 120-some-odd thousand video sub losses were actually digital video subs. And if you look at our DVR penetration of digital video subs, it's roughly 50%. So the DVR losses were pretty much proportionate to the losses within our overall video sub base. That said, I would say that, certainly, the economy has got to have an impact on some of the ancillary products like DVRs and like premiums. So I think it's proportionate. But certainly, your point about the economy is probably right.
Operator: Next, we have Richard Greenfield, BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: Single question, 3 parts. When you look at the medium downstream bandwidth, can you give us a sense on where that kind of stands for your standard Road Runner/extreme home, as well as for your Wideband customers? How much are they actually consuming on a monthly basis? And then just a follow-up on Rob's point, why does somebody take Time Warner Cable video and Arbok [ph] DSL? And then could you just discuss your marketing approach to how you both capture that wide-end -- Wideband customer and how you recapture the DSL? You said it's a focus, but what are you actually -- what's the message you're trying to get across to get those people over?
Glenn A. Britt: Rich, I think both of those are for Rob.
Robert D. Marcus: I was writing very quickly. So downstream bandwidth utilization, I think we're in the -- somewhere in the 7 gigabytes a month of downstream bandwidth on a median basis. The average is much higher given the disproportionate usage by our high-end users. I'm not going to go through on a speed tier by speed tier basis, what the usage is. I just don't have that handy. But it is the case that the higher-speed tiers do over-index. I think that's a conversation you and I have had before. With respect to the question of why a Time Warner Cable video customer would take HSD from the phone company, if it wasn't completely evident from my remarks, that's a question I ask around here every day. I find it to be kind of inexplicable and unacceptable. So that is sort of what's given rise to our renewed push on winning those customers back. My suspicion is that those were initially telco voice customers, and they were faced with the prospect of -- and cable video customers and they were faced with the prospect of adding HSD to 1 of those 2 products. And for historical reasons, which I don't think still apply, they chose DSL. The messaging really is for a long time now, our selling proposition was more speed. I think what we've discovered without really giving away any secret sauce is that the naked speed message has been insufficient to win those DSL customers over, and what we need to do is do a better job explaining what speed translates to in terms of the usage experience, in other words, no buffering on video consumption, the ability to have more devices connected in a single home without a degradation in the experience. So messages that puts some customer behavior color on what speed offers. So that's generally the pitch, Rich. I don't know. Was there another piece? You said 3...
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: No, that was it.
Operator: Next, Jason Bazinet, Citi.
Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: There's a quick question for Mr. Marcus. The last time I checked with you guys, it seemed like the number of customers that took data-only subs sort of from '08 through '09 was sort of flat. And it seems like it actually began to move up fairly significantly a few quarters ago. Have you been working internally on sort of winning back some of these data-only subs more significantly over the last few quarters and you're just now sort of making it overt to the street? Or would you say something was happening sort of at the consumer level that you're now following up with a more concerted effort?
Robert D. Marcus: So I would say, yes, we've been working harder at gaining noncustomers period. And we've been doing it by focusing on HSD, on the theory that it's where we have our greatest value proposition and that there may be some customers out there who, for various reasons, might not be attracted by our video product, at least initially, who might be potential HSD customers. So yes, we've been pushing hard on it. It doesn't mean we're not ultimately trying to upsell those customers into more products. But yes, we've been focused on that.
Operator: Phil Cusick, JPMC.
Philip Cusick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You mentioned a few times the commercial potential out there. And I also noticed you're imploying a pretty heavy run rate -- or acceleration on the run rate for CapEx in the fourth quarter. Can you talk, one, about sort of whether that is what the driver is for the CapEx acceleration? And number two, sort of what's the potential to take that growth rate up next year? You're sort of growing organically around 20%. Is there a real acceleration to be had to 25% or 30%? Or should we think of it as a little less?
Glenn A. Britt: Phil, let me address cap spending. Irene reiterated our guidance for capital spending for this year, and that's where we think we're going to come in. Within that, we are focused on one big number that could sit [ph]. But there are literally thousands of projects that are encompassed in that number, plus CPE spending, which obviously is volume-driven. And suffice it to say, we have projects underway that add up to the number we are telling you about. Can we guarantee that we will spend every dollar of that exactly to the penny or under or over? No, but directionally, that's what we think we're going to do and what our operating people think we're going to do. I wouldn't characterize it, we're already partway into the quarter, as being driven by any particular part of our business or not. Again, it's across the board. And then for next year, I think we're not quite ready to give any guidance yet. Stay tuned for the year-end earnings release. That's when we usually do that.
Philip Cusick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. But in your early comments, you talked about the potential to accelerate the growth in that business. Am I looking at this wrong?
Tom Robey: Growth in SME.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, look, I'll chime in. Were not going to be specific, Phil, about '12 guidance for commercial. But implicit in our comments is a hope that we can actually continue to drive really robust growth in that area through incremental investment, both in the plant and in the people.
Operator: Craig Moffett, Bernstein.
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: A question for Glenn. I know that the book is not yet fully written on the T-Mobile deal with AT&T. But does that, the developments on that front, affect your perspective at all for what you want to do with your AWS spectrum and your wireless strategy? I wonder if you could just comment a little bit on what you're thinking about wireless these days.
Glenn A. Britt: Our strategy really hasn't changed. We continue to see if there is a market proposition around wireless that makes sense for us recognizing the existing structure of the wireless business with 2 very large players and then a couple of smaller players and some other much smaller players. To that end, we haven't found anything wonderful so far in terms of reselling other people's capacity. We've talked about that before. We have gotten very interested in packaging in mobility with our wirelines broadband offering and, in particular, using WiFi because the data usage seems to be heavily close to home. And to that end, we've turned up a bunch of WiFi sites in Los Angeles, and that's going pretty well. So we have a theory that by building WiFi, we can cover a lot of people's mobile data needs and supplement that by accessing capacity on a wholesale basis from some of the other carriers, which, of course, is the deal we have with Sprint and Clearwire. So that's what we're doing today. And obviously, like all of us, we read the paper, and we follow AT&T and T-Mobile, but that's not really changing our strategy at this point.
Robert D. Marcus: The only thing I'd throw in, Craig, is that a lot of the discussion around that transaction have simply highlighted 2 things: one, the importance of capacity and the shortage of spectrum, and that really, in my mind, shines a bright light on the value of 2 assets. We've got, one, our wireline broadband plant, which continues to be a superior means of delivering broadband and anything that can be done wirelessly and, also, incidentally, the value of our wireless spectrum. So in those respects, I think that does inform our thinking about our asset base.
Operator: Thomas Eagan, Collins Stewart.
Thomas W. Eagan - Collins Stewart LLC, Research Division: I gather that the revenue from premium was down, and I guess that, that was because of the economy. But what are you seeing so far on video-on-demand and revenue from pay-per-view? And are you seeing any impact from the decline in the subs out of Netflix?
Glenn A. Britt: Good question. I think there's 2 big pieces of revenue that you're talking about there. And one is the subscription premium services, and the other is the paid video-on-demand. Obviously, we have a lot of free video-on-demand and the subscription that goes with the other services, too. I think the subscription premium services are clearly impacted by the economy as consumers try to cut back. We always think we could do a little better job of marketing, and we're focused on that. So it's not totally the economy, but I think that's certainly an element. I also think for both the premiums and video-on-demand, although it's not measurable, there may well be some impact from the over-the-top, so called over-the-top services. But nobody that I know has been able to measure it yet. On the pure video-on-demand, there's 3 parts to it. There's events, adult and movies, and I think what we see is the movie part is very dependent on how many titles are released and perhaps how they did in the box office. And this quarter saw a little bit fewer new -- I think one fewer very new title, and some of the movies were weaker than they were a year ago. So that -- we've seen that in the past. As I said in the last quarterly results, adult's been in decline for quite a while, and events actually were pretty good this quarter. So that's what's going on there.
Operator: Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to ask 2. Irene, I don't know if you can comment on the buyback pace and the leverage. If you guys gave the pro forma leverage, for instance, I might have missed it. I think it's around -- my math, around 3.25. And when I look at the October -- September, October buyback pace of about -- I think about $100 million a month, that would seem to have you guys delevering slightly over the course of Q4. So I dont know if you had any comment on that. And then Rob, I wanted to ask you, going back to your comments on the broadband business and all the marketing initiatives there, that residential datas growth rate, the revenue growths gone from about 12% last year. It's now under 8%. It's still quite healthy. I'm wondering if you think you can accelerate that business into next year and beyond because it would seem like your market share is probably pretty healthy in data. I know there's a lot of Time Warner Cable video subs with DSL. My guess is there's probably a lot of DIRECTV subs with Time Warner Cable data. So I'm just curious if you think there's a big market share opportunity in your footprint in broadband. Or help us think about what that business looks like over time.
Irene M. Esteves: Ben, I'll take the first part of it before Rob answers the second part. On the share buybacks, as we mentioned with the acquisitions we have planned on Insight and NewWave, we build those in. We haven't given a specific pro forma number, but I think we're in that range, nearing our 3.25. So we have slowed down our pace. As we said, we want to maintain our solid investment grade rating and achieve our -- the optimal cost of capital. So we're managing to those numbers. And we have -- in September, you'll see in the Q, we bought back $126 million, so a little bit higher than the number you mentioned. But this is really to manage our balance sheet and keep our solid investment grade rating, and that's consistent with what we've said, that we will reinvest in the business as we see opportunities at the right price, which we did with Insight and NewWave, and we'll include that as we're forecasting forward on our obligations and keep that in mind as we determine our share buyback pace.
Robert D. Marcus: On the broadband marketing, Ben. I think I would simply agree with your thesis. There's a reality of life we've got to deal with, which is that there are -- given the penetration of broadband as percentage of total Internet customers, there's just fewer and fewer customers that are coming into the category from dial-up, which used to be a significant source of growth. So I think what this is about for us, as you correctly point out, is gaining share. We've done it pretty effectively. I'd like to think we can do it even better from DSL. So...
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Do you know what your share is now in your footprint? Is it 55%, 60% or so?
Robert D. Marcus: That's the exact zone, yes.
Operator: Next, Tuna Amobi, S&P.
Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research: So I guess my question, first, for Glenn, as you think about the Google-Motorola deal, Motorola Mobility, I was wondering if you've had any preliminary thoughts on how that deal might affect your overall transition -- overall time frame for transition to the IP-based architecture versus traditional set-top boxes. In other words, what approach do you think Google might bring to this whole transaction given particularly your contrasting position on net neutrality? And then quick clarification, I think I heard Irene said that the September video losses actually increased, and I think she proceeded to say as well that the first 2 weeks in Q4 were the same as last year. So I guess the question is just to kind of clarify what the September month for 2010, if you can remind us what -- how that compares to this September and also the first 2 weeks of Q4 last year, how that compares, just to get a better sense of how those subs are trending.
Glenn A. Britt: Tuna, Google and Motorola, Ill remind you, first of all, that we actually buy a lot more from Cisco and Samsung than we do from Motorola, although we certainly do have markets that are Motorola. I don't think that transaction will have any impact on our migration. If you really think about what we do, we take consumer devices that use all sorts of different standards, and we provide usable video to them. And the only reason we have set-tops is that, historically, the consumer electronic devices have not been able to display all of our services. They haven't been capable of 2-way things. They're not capable of decrypting signals. And they don't have intelligence, so they can't display program guides. So those are essentially the 3 reasons we have set-tops. With the newest devices that are increasingly IP capable and increasingly have intelligence, the devices can do those 3 things. So whether it's the smart TVs that we demoed our services on at the last CES or an iPad or PC or the list goes on and on, those devices can receive IP video without a set-top. So that's the transition we're going to be making over the next several years. But we still are going to have to serve all of the hundreds of millions of devices that are out there that don't have those capabilities. And so we're going to keep doing that because that's what customers demand. And I don't see this transaction as particularly affecting that or changing that. Irene, the other question's for you.
Irene M. Esteves: Sure, Tuna. On the trend, what we were saying is that we've had a few, just a few, weeks in October where the trends look like they're in the same zone as what we talked about for Q3. And then specifically in September, we mentioned that we had video adds during the month of September. But we really haven't given any more detail on the monthly numbers. And suffice it to say that we're seeing trends that are similar in these first few weeks than what we saw last quarter.
Tom Robey: Good. I think that's probably all we have time for this morning. Thanks, everyone, for joining us. And to give you a little advance notice, Time Warner Cable's next quarterly conference call, which will reflect our fourth quarter and full year 2011 results, will be on Thursday, January 26, 2012, at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. Thanks, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Glenn Britt - Chairman and Chief Executive officer Tom Robey - IR Robert Marcus - President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: John Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Laura Martin - Needham & Company, LLC Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC Bryan Kraft - Evercore Partners Inc. Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Jason Bazinet - Citigroup Inc Stefan Anninger - Crdit Suisse AG Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Time Warner Cable Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I'll turn the call over to Mr. Tom Robey, Senior Vice President of Time Warner Cable Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Candy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Time Warner Cable's 2011 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This morning, we issued a press release detailing our 2011 second quarter results. Before we begin, there are several items I need to cover. First, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures, including operating income before depreciation and amortization or OIBDA. In addition, we refer to adjusted OIBDA and adjusted OIBDA less capital expenditures. Definitions and schedules setting out reconciliations of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release or our trending schedules. Second, today's announcements includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements herein due to various factors, including economic, business, competitive, technological, strategic and/or regulatory changes that could affect our business. These factors are discussed in more detail in Time Warner Cable's SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Time Warner Cable is under no obligation, and in fact, expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. And finally, today's press releases, trending schedules, presentation slides and related reconciliation schedules are available on our company's website at timewarnercable.com/investors. A replay of today's call will be available beginning approximately 2 hours after the call has ended and will run through midnight Eastern Time, August 2. And with that covered, I'll thank you and turn the call over to Glenn. Glenn?
Glenn Britt: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Before I begin, I want to welcome our new CFO, Irene Esteves, who joined us a couple of weeks ago and is here with us today. Irene is rapidly coming up on the learning curve, and you can expect to hear from her on the third quarter call. In the meantime, Rob Marcus will cover the financial results one last time this morning. I'm pleased to report that our core business is healthy despite competitive pressures and the continuing weakness in the economy. We're continuing to make investments in our Residential and Business Services to drive growth. Second quarter revenue and adjusted OIBDA each grew by more than 4% year-over-year. We generated a record $1.1 billion of OIBDA, less CapEx, which drove very strong free cash flow, and our earnings per share growth topped 30%. We returned more than $1 billion to shareholders in the second quarter. Our Business Services results were very strong. And with the addition of NaviSite in the most recent quarter, Business Services revenue growth was 35%. NaviSite has won a couple of very significant contracts since the acquisition closed in April, reinforcing our enthusiasm for the acquisition. Growth in Residential Services moderated in the second quarter, driven by seasonal weakness in subscriber net additions and accentuated by the weak economy and the intensity of competition. While we're working on enhancements to our products at the high end, we're also looking at lower cost alternatives to address a growing affordability problem amongst low-income customers. But we're focused not just on products, we recognize that we also need to do a much better job of telling our story to consumers. There's several important trends and developments I'd like to highlight this morning. The Broadband business continues to benefit from the accelerating usage trends. We're seeing more demand for our higher speeds and pricing remains strong. As Broadband becomes increasingly important to our customers, we think we can create additional value by making it available to them everywhere. We're continuing to deploy Wi-Fi capabilities in Los Angeles. And we're exploring how we might sell broadband packages that would bundle our wireline service with Wi-Fi and wireless service for a single attractive price. You'll be hearing more about our plans in the coming months. In video, technology is giving us the opportunity to dramatically improve the utility of our products. The second release of our iPad app is a great example. We now have over 100 live channels, and the ability to use the iPad as a remote control using an enhanced program guide. The next version, which is a month or so away, will bring full keyboard-enabled search and we're hard at work bringing similar functionality to many other popular consumer electronics devices such as Smart TVs. We're investing in our businesses, so that they remain strong and competitive. We recently announced the pending construction of a new data center on our Charlotte, North Carolina campus. That facility will enable us to more rapidly deploy video, high-speed data, voice and business services by having storage and network elements in a shared environment. It will also house 1 of 2 national super headends. Over the next 2 years, we plan to migrate the origination and distribution of our video service to this facility and to a matching one in the Denver area, generating operating cost savings and enabling us to more completely standardize the provision of services across our footprint. Our nationwide IP feed, which today serves iPads and which will feed other devices such as Smart TVs over time, already originates in the Denver facility.  Through our deployment of Switched Digital Video over the last several years, we dramatically expanded our capacity for high-definition and broadband services. As I've said for some time, our long-term plan is to supplement Switched Digital Video by gradually going all digital. Consistent with that plan, we have embarked on an all-digital transition in Augusta, Maine, extending our existing all-digital footprint beyond New York City and parts of Los Angeles. Augusta is our first deployment of digital transport adopters or so-called DTAs. Our plan is to migrate our remained systems to all-digital over the next 5 years or so. And we continue to expand our DOCSIS 3.0 deployment, which now covers roughly 60% of our footprint. We expect to complete that rollout next year.  As I mentioned earlier, we returned more than $1 billion to shareholders in the second quarter. We also continue to be interested in extending our cable footprint, when we can do so at the right price. In the second quarter, we announced the acquisition of systems serving roughly 130,000 PSUs from NewWave Communications for $260 million. This acquisition highlights our disciplined approach to capital allocation and M&A. Taking into account a full tax step-up and significant operational synergies, it enables us to expand our cable footprint at a purchase price that compares favorably to the repurchase of our own shares. In summary, our business continues to perform well. We are thoughtfully deploying capital to improve our customer's experience with our products and to acquire a cable footprint and business service capabilities that will enable further growth. And we continue to show significant -- we continue to return significant amounts of capital to our shareholders.  So before I turn the call over to Rob, one last time in his role as acting CFO, I'd like to extend our thanks for the terrific job he's done as our CFO for the last 3.5 years. Rob?
Robert Marcus: Thanks, Glenn. Welcome aboard, Irene, and good morning, everyone. As usual, I'll jump right in to our second quarter highlights on Slide 3. Second quarter revenue grew 4.4% year-over-year as Residential Services revenue increased 2.5%, Business Services revenue growth accelerated to almost 35%, and advertising revenue grew over 4%. Adjusted OIBDA grew over 4% in the quarter, and operating income was up almost 16%. Adjusted OIBDA less CapEx, increased almost 11% to a record $1.1 billion, and free cash flow was up almost 43% to $815 million or $2.40 per diluted share. As you know, we closed our acquisition of NaviSite in April. And NaviSite accounted for roughly 50 basis points of total revenue growth and about 40 basis points of Adjusted OIBDA growth in the quarter. Diluted EPS increased over 30% to $1.24. We returned over $1 billion to our shareholders in the second quarter through dividends and share repurchases. And finally, with half the year behind us, we remain on track to meet or exceed all elements of our full year financial guidance. Let's move on to our Q2 subscriber trends on the next slide. As expected, subscriber performance showed typical seasonal weakness. And due to continued economic headwinds and increased competitive intensity, subscriber net adds were somewhat softer than last year. That relative weakness has continued into the early part of Q3. That said, performance varied across our footprint, with subscriber performance in Texas and Southern California notably better than the rest of the footprint. We continue to grow our HSD subscribers with 67,000 net adds in the quarter, more than the HSD net adds reported last week by AT&T and Verizon combined. We finished the quarter with 10.1 million total HSD subs. That's a 4.7% year-over-year increase in our HSD subscriber base. Our residential high-speed data subscriber mix continued to improve, with more customers taking higher-speed tiers. We added 125,000 Turbo and 25,000 Wideband or DOCSIS 3.0 customers. And at quarter end, Turbo and Wideband subs comprised over 17% of our Residential HSD customer base.  Our Wideband subscribers, while still a small portion of the total, more than doubled during the second quarter. We now have deployed our DOCSIS 3.0 technology in about 60% of our footprint. And we will complete the footprint-wide rollout next year.  Business HSD net adds accelerated for the third consecutive quarter to 13,000 representing our highest quarterly net adds ever. We continued to see growth in voice. Net adds were 45,000, and we ended the quarter with over 4.6 million total voice subscribers, a 5.3% year-over-year increase. Included in net adds were 13,000 business voice net adds in the quarter, an all-time high. Second quarter video sub losses were 128,000, about 17,000 more than we lost in last year's second quarter. Once again, a disproportionate share of the losses came from analog, single-play video customers. We actually added digital and bundled video customers.  We continue to do well with our Spanish-language offering, especially in Texas and Southern California. We more than doubled the number of El Paquetazo subscribers we had just 5 quarters ago. In addition, we just launched an El Paquetazo Triple Play featuring a 1,000 minutes of international calling. We're in the process of adding 25 Spanish-language channels to our iPad app. And we're formulating a version of Signature Home for Spanish-speaking customers to be launched later this year.  Customer relationship net losses were 74,000 in the quarter, as we lost video-only single-plays and a modest a number of doubles and triples among our lower-income customer segments and added double and triple plays among our higher-end segments. All in, we were able to grow our Triple Play base by 38,000 in the quarter. At quarter end, 60% of our customers were either double or triple plays. During Q2, we nearly doubled the number of customers taking Signature Home, our high-end Triple Play, coupling our best products with customized service. We ended the quarter with about 17,000 Signature Home subs, paying an average of $220 per month. Turning to our financial results on the next slide, as you can see from our press release, we've made some changes this quarter in how we present our revenues. The new presentation is more consistent with the way we think about and run the business. In short, going forward, we'll be talking about revenue in 4 major categories: Residential Services, Business Services, Advertising and Other. Other captures a number of items, most notably commissions from Home Shopping Networks and amounts we received from Bright House Networks for the provision of HSD and various management services. Once we launch our L.A. Lakers RSN next year, affiliate fee revenue associated with those networks will also show up in other revenue. You can get more detail on the new presentation in our 10-Q and our trending schedules. Second quarter revenue increased 4.4% year-over-year to $4.9 billion, with total ARPU per customer relationship increasing 4.8%. In dollar terms, total revenue were $210 million higher than in Q2 of last year, with $105 million of that growth coming from our Residential Services, $93 million coming from Business Services and $12 million coming from Advertising and Other revenue combined. Let's focus first on Residential Services revenue on Slide 6. Residential revenue grew 2.5% year-over-year, driven by a combination of year-over-year HSD and voice subscriber growth and improved ARPU per PSU, offset by video subscriber losses. Of the $105 million of year-over-year Residential revenue growth, HSD contributed over 80% or $87 million. Residential HSD revenue increased 8.5% over Q2 of last year. The year-over-year growth was driven by subscriber increases, as well as a 3.5% improvement in Residential HSD ARPU. This is the ninth consecutive quarter of year-over-year Residential HSD ARPU improvement as, we continue to benefit from price increases and the improved HSD subscriber mix I mentioned earlier. Residential voice revenue grew 4.4% year-over-year due to continued subscriber growth, as Residential voice ARPU was pretty much flat year-over-year. And Residential video revenue was essentially flat year-over-year as a 3.8% increase in ARPU offset a decline in video subscribers. The ARPU increase was driven by price increases, a more favorable video subscriber mix, increased equipment rental and installation charges and a 10% increase in DVR revenue, offset by declines in premium and transactional VOD revenues. Transactional VOD revenue declined $14 million, with the year-over-year drop being fairly even across the movies, events and adult categories.  Let's move on to Business Services revenue on Slide 7. We had another very strong quarter in Business Services, which accounted for almost 45% of our total year-over-year revenue improvement in Q2. Business Services revenue for the quarter was $361 million, up almost 35% over Q2 of 2010. As I mentioned earlier, we closed our NaviSite acquisition on April 21, which contributed $26 million of revenue in the quarter that's included in our other Business Services revenue category. Even without NaviSite, Business Services revenue grew 25%, our sixth consecutive quarter of accelerating year-over-year organic revenue growth. Of the $67 million of year-over-year growth from our non-NaviSite business, HSD contributed about 40% or $27 million. Wholesale transport contributed around 30% or $19 million, and voice provided about 25% or $17 million. Business HSD revenue increased 18%, driven by growth in shared and dedicated Internet access and Metro Ethernet revenue.  Wholesale transport revenue of $39 million, nearly doubled from Q2 of last year, and was driven by growth in cell tower backhaul. Cell tower backhaul revenue was $34 million, twice our cell tower backhaul revenue in last year's second quarter. At quarter end, we had an install base of roughly 6,900 revenue-generating radios and a meaningful backlog under contract.  Business voice revenue increased almost 60% driven by subscriber growth. So we're well on our way to achieving full year organic Business Services revenue growth in excess of 20%, and over 30% revenue growth including NaviSite. Moving on to Advertising revenue on the next slide, ad revenue of $225 million increased $9 million or 4.2% year-over-year, as the expected drop in political advertising was more than offset by revenue from the Verizon files rep deal that we discussed on last quarter's call. Second quarter ad revenue was driven by particular strength in the media and entertainment category.  Automotive, which fueled our growth last year and in Q1, increased just 4% year-over-year, in part a reflection of the after effects of the earthquake and tsunami in Japan, and in part a reflection of the broader economy. We still expect that full year ad revenue will be greater than in 2010. But remember that the comps get much tougher as the year progresses, given that we generated $55 million from political advertising in the second half of last year. Let's turn to Adjusted OIBDA and operating income on Slide 9. Second quarter Adjusted OIBDA grew 4.2% to $1.8 billion, and our Adjusted OIBDA margin fell 10 basis points. Excluding NaviSite, Adjusted OIBDA grew 3.8%. Operating income rose 15.8% to nearly $1.1 billion in the second quarter, and our operating income margin improved 210 basis points year-over-year to 21.5%, driven by a significant decline in amortization expense. Total second quarter operating expense, which included $19 million of operating expense for NaviSite, grew 4.6% compared to last year. Employee costs were up just over 5% year-over-year, driven by annual salary increases across all our businesses and higher headcount, primarily in Business Services including NaviSite. Business Services employee cost grew 34%, while the rest of the company was up less than 3%. Programming expense increased 4.1% in aggregate and 8% on a per subscriber basis. The increase was driven by contractual rate increases and higher retransmission consent expense, which was partially offset by the decline in video subscribers. We expect programming cost per sub growth for the full year 2011 to be in the same ballpark as 2010. Voice costs were down 9.6% in Q2, as we benefited from the insourcing of our voice support functions. The insourcing process is going very well. And as of the end of Q2, we had migrated almost half our phone customers, and have largely completed this year's moves. As a result of these efforts, our Q2 monthly Residential voice cost per sub dropped nearly $2 year-over-year to $10.30. And our voice gross margin improved over 500 basis points year-over-year. We expect voice cost per sub to decline further in the second half as we benefit from full quarter of savings for each migrated sub. Most of our remaining voice subscribers will be moved in 2013. And when we're all done in 2014, we expect to see our premigration voice cost cut roughly in half. Our net bad debt expense declined 15% to $34 million, reflecting the better quality of receivables and better collections. Second quarter marketing expense of $160 million was $4 million higher than last year, and remains relatively constant at 3.2% of revenues. During the second quarter, we continue to invest in new business initiatives, including wireless and our new home security offering. In Q2, the combined losses from these initiatives were approximately $15 million compared to $10 million in the second quarter of 2010. We plan to continue investing in these new initiatives over the course of the year, and still expect our total 2011 startup losses to be in the $75 million range.  Looking forward, we expect that Adjusted OIBDA growth will accelerate in Q4, as we benefit from insourcing our voice support functions, the expected cost savings from our strategic sourcing initiative and some one-time expenses that reduced Q4 2010 adjusted OIBDA. Operating income growth will actually moderate in the second half, as we lap last year's improvement in amortization expense. Nonetheless, we continue to expect to generate double-digit operating income growth for the full year. Turning to capital spending on Slide 10, through the first 6 months of the year, CapEx was under $1.4 billion or less than 14% of revenues, down from just under 16% in the first half of 2010. Second quarter CapEx was down 4.9% year-over-year to $700 million. Q2 Residential capital expenditures were 13.3% of Residential revenue, and were down year-over-year to $572 million due primarily to lower CPE, upgrades and rebuilds and line extensions, partially offset by higher scalable infrastructure. Business Services capital expenditures were $118 million, flat with last year's second quarter. Roughly half of the B2B CapEx was attributable to line extensions and expanding our cell tower backhaul footprint. Total CapEx continued to benefit from our strategic sourcing initiative, which is helping to reduce per-unit pricing and enhance the efficiency of our supply chain. As Glenn mentioned, we are spending on projects that will help us to more rapidly deploy product enhancements and improve our customers' experience. Specifically, our data centers in Charlotte and Denver, as well as our conversions to all-digital in Maine. And we continue to rollout DOCSIS 3.0 across our footprint. We also expect to continue to invest in Business Services growth. So while capital intensity in the first half of the year was our lowest ever, we will spend more in the back half of the year and expect that full year capital spending will be in the $2.9 billion to $3 billion range, consistent with the 2010 level and still below $3 billion as we said at the outset of the year. Moving onto cash flow on the next slide. We continue to grow our cash flows at strong double-digit rates. Adjusted OIBDA less capital expenditures for the second quarter was $1.1 billion, an almost 11% year-over-year increase and a new all-time high. The $109 million of growth was the result of the $73 million increase of Adjusted OIBDA and a $36 million decrease in CapEx.  For the first 6 months of 2011, Adjusted OIBDA, less CapEx grew nearly 12.5% to just under $2.2 billion. Free cash flow for the quarter was $815 million, up nearly 43% over Q2 of '10. Free cash flow per diluted share rose 51% to $2.40. The $244 million of year-over-year free cash flow growth was largely driven by an improvement in adjusted OIBDA less CapEx, and a roughly $150 million decline in cash taxes, due in part to bonus depreciation benefits that I'll cover in more detail in just a moment.  For the first half of 2011, free cash flow was over $1.7 billion, up 42% from first half of 2010. Again, aided by bonus depreciation related to declines in cash taxes. First half free cash flow per share grew 48% to $5.06. We've gotten lots of questions over the last several quarters regarding the impact of economic stimulus legislation on our cash taxes and free cash flow, both historically and going forward. So we thought we'd lay it out in some detail.  If you turn to Slide 12, you can see that the blue bars represent the gross stimulus benefit in each year. While the dark gray bars highlight the reversal of prior year benefits in each year. The green line tracks the net benefit, or detriment, to cash taxes and free cash flow in each year. So you can see we benefited from the bonus depreciation provisions of various federal stimulus acts since the beginning of 2008. Current law provides for 100% bonus depreciation in 2011, which when netted against reversals of prior year benefits, yield the current year net cash tax benefit of roughly $600 million. Next year, the current law provides for 50% bonus depreciation, which will yield roughly $300 million of gross benefit. But that led to the reversal of past benefits resulting in a net negative impact on cash taxes. The exact amount depends on 2012 capital spending. But if 2012 CapEx were similar to this year's expected level, we would see a negative impact on cash taxes and free cash flow of roughly $100 million.  So we're looking at a swing of approximately $700 million in cash taxes and free cash flow for 2011 to 2012 related solely to the effects of economic stimulus legislation. As you can see, assuming bonus depreciation ends after next year, the net negative impact of the Economic Stimulus Act is greatest in 2013 and then moderates thereafter. Of course, we'd be happy to go through all of these in more detail offline. Let's turn to the next slide. Second quarter diluted earnings per share of $1.24 increased over 30% from $0.95 in Q2 '10 primarily due to an increase in operating income and the benefit of our share repurchases, which were partially offset by higher book taxes, net interest expense and loss from equity investments. Both this year and last year second quarters were impacted by a number of items highlighted in our press release. Through the first 2 quarters, diluted EPS was $2.16, up almost 40% over the same period of last year. We continue to expect the 2011 full year diluted EPS will be in the $4.25 to $4.50 range. As usual, let's finish up with the balance sheet on the next slide. We ended the quarter with net debt and preferred equity totaling $21 billion, a $600 million increase from year-end 2010. Our leverage ratio ticked up slightly to 2.99x. This quarter, we returned over $1 billion to our shareholders through our dividend and share repurchase programs. We paid out $163 million or $0.48 a share in dividends and bought back 11.5 million shares of common stock for $863 million during the second quarter. Since quarter end, we've repurchased 3.3 million additional shares. And since we launched the repurchase program in November of 2010, we have repurchased approximately 35 million shares at an average price of $71 per share, for a total of roughly $2.5 billion. So this leaves about $1.5 billion remaining on our original authorization. So to summarize, another solid quarter marked by exceptionally strong growth in Business Services and continued healthy free cash flow, coupled with the methodical execution of our balance sheet and return of capital strategy. Thank you.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Rob. Candy, we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. [Operator Instructions] First question, please.
Operator: First question is from Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: For Glenn or Rob, I wanted to ask about the Hispanic household market. I think, it's one that Time Warner Cable sort of significantly over-indexed in terms of footprint and it's a focus for you guys. Other companies getting into that space have had sometimes issues with churn. I'm just curious, how you're positioning and marketing the product? And if there's any way to size up the opportunity there to help us think about the upside to your video business, that would be helpful. And I'm curious what the competitive landscape looks like there? Are your -- is your success with El Paquetazo coming largely from customers new to Pay TV or just coming out of satellite? Or any color there on that piece of the story would be helpful too.
Glenn Britt: I'll let Rob answer that.
Robert Marcus: Yes, Ben. I'm going to give you very rough ballpark numbers. I think that the total U.S. Hispanic population is somewhere in the order of 16% -- Hispanics represent approximately 16% of the total U.S. population. We over-indexed and in particular, we over-indexed in our Southern California and Texas markets. I think in those markets, based on the most recent census that we could push into the 30-plus percent of the population being Hispanic. Bigger amongst younger people and somewhat smaller among adults. Really, what we're doing to focus on that market is ensuring that we've got the right products that could appeal to what it is that the Hispanic audience is looking for. And as a result, that's why we're introducing this new Triple Play, which not only focuses on Hispanic-oriented programming, Spanish-language and otherwise, but also focuses on the telecom needs of that market. And by throwing a robust international calling plan into the package, we think we're going to satisfy another need of that audience. There's also a fair amount of opportunity even at the higher end of that market. And as a result, we're tailoring a Signature Home version for Hispanic customers. And as I've mentioned, we're also adding Spanish-language channels to our iPad app. So we're doing a lot on the product side. And a lot of this has to do with ensuring that the message gets heard, and our marketing focus is getting somewhat more aggressive in making Hispanic customers aware that we have this product. I'm pleased with the growth in El Paquetazo. But just to put it in perspective, I think, our total El Paquetazo subs now roughly 130,000. So we don't have huge numbers, and I don't have great stats on exactly who those subs are coming from.
Operator: Next question, Stefan Anninger, Crdit Suisse.
Stefan Anninger - Crdit Suisse AG: Earlier in the commentary this morning, you mentioned that you'd like to do a better job of telling your story to consumers. Can you discuss what you mean by that in greater detail? And how you might alter both your marketing approach, and sort of your approach to retention as well?
Glenn Britt: Let me make a couple of comments and then Rob will want to jump in, too. I think that we can always make our marketing better. This industry as a whole has a long history and a long evolution of becoming more competitive. And I think the comments are in that context. I would say we have focused heavily on products and maybe less at marketing than we should. And we have some wonderful features that we really don't tell people about very well, and they have to sort of discover it on their own. So I think we can do that a lot better. And we're making some management changes to that end. And Rob, you might want to talk about that.
Robert Marcus: Yes. I'll make a couple of comments. One, to amplify what Glenn said, a lot of our marketing focus over the last several years has been on selling Triple Play bundles, and we've done that to great effect. But in the process of focusing on the fact that we're selling 3 products, and I've said this before, I think we probably didn't take as much time and focus on the underlying virtues of the individual products that comprised those bundles, and we're definitely committed to doing just that. Over the last several years, I'm very pleased with the improved level of sophistication that we've brought to the marketing function. We've focused on customer segmentation, we've paid attention to customer lifetime value. We've gotten much more scientific about our approach to pricing. But obviously, we made a management change recently. And I feel very, very confident that Jeff Hirsch, who's our new CMO, is the right guy to take us to the right next level. Jeff brings not only marketing expertise to the function, but also has the benefit of a vast experience in actually running cable systems. So what I expect out of him is to bring some of those really cool, sophisticated marketing tools to the very practical issues of acquiring, retaining and upselling our existing customer base. So I think you can expect to see just a much more nuts and bolts approach to marketing going forward.
Operator: Next, Craig Moffett, Sanford Bernstein.
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Could you talk a little bit about your wireless strategy? I just got off listening to the Sprint call. There, obviously, the Clearwire network is only about half built, and there are still questions about its funding going forward. How should we think about that as it relates to Time Warner Cable?
Glenn Britt: Craig, this is Glenn. Our strategy really hasn't changed. I think you should look at it as one of optionality. We have this idea, we've had it for some time that bundling wireless broadband and with our other products to create a so-called quadruple play might be interesting to consumers. And the reason I say might is that we're not sure, and the marketing evidence is mixed. So what we've been trying to do is create the ability to experiment with that through market testing, et cetera, without investing or risking huge amounts of money. And all of our move to dates -- or our moves to date are in that context. As we said on a couple of calls, our results in terms of actual customers so far are not terribly exciting, so the evidence so far is there is not a big profit for the quadruple play. So I think the strategy we've had is the right one. Where we go from here, I think, is more of at the same. We're not really ready to say, that this is a non-starter. Maybe we're just not doing it right. But we're also not ready to make huge additional bets. So that's, again, is consistent with where we've been.
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Should I read into that, that you'd be unlikely to make additional investments into Clearwire or how do I think about that?
Glenn Britt: Yes, it's tricky for us to say anything about Clearwire. It's obviously a public company with its own dispersion policies, et cetera. Suffice it to say, we are not obligated in any way to make any additional investment. And I think, that's again consistent with what we've said.
Operator: Next question, Doug Mitchelson, Deutsche Bank.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: Glenn, I was hoping to get a sense of when you might launch usage-based pricing, which I think you have said is inevitable. And others like Charter have discussed openly. And as part of that, given the dispersion of broadband bandwidth usage where a small number of your customers are very, very heavy users. I'm curious, if you would expect that launching that would only impact those few customers in terms of a price increase? That will be great.
Glenn Britt: I was reading the transcripts of the 2 big phone companies, Verizon and AT&T. And I forget which one but more in the context of wireless, one of those managements said this was inevitable also. So I'll stick with that. We have not announced any plans to do anything specifically. I'm not going to use this occasion to make any announcements. But I would say that the right way to look at this and to our way of thinking is that there should be, there should remain an unlimited plan for those who want to buy that. And we're more focused on the affordability and lower-income people, who might be light users and might seek to pay less because they use less. I think that's a much better context than the usual, oh, these people using all the bandwidth and caps and all that stuff. In effect, I don't anticipate at the moment. If we were to do this, I don't think we would have caps across-the-board. As I said, I think there should always be an unlimited plan. So that's the context for us. But we don't have any specific announcement at this point.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: So when I'm thinking about ARPU growth for high-speed data, I should pay attention to your annual increases, and then it's more sub growth that would be driven by a usage-based pricing, Glenn?
Glenn Britt: I'm sorry, you cut out a little bit at the end. But I think you were saying, you should look at ARPU growth and the sort of steady increase on people buying higher speeds, and that indeed is what's happening.
Operator: Next, Bryan Kraft, Evercore Partners.
Bryan Kraft - Evercore Partners Inc.: I just had a question about the DVR subscriber trend. It looks like they declined in the quarter. And I just wanted to understand what's driving that? Do you think you've maxed out on penetration? Is it demand driven? Or have you decided to promote the product less? And also, how does that jive with the subscriber losses being concentrated at the low end?
Robert Marcus: So, Bryan, there's a couple of things going on there. One, certainly penetrations of DVRs to digital customers has been pretty terrific. So there's undoubtedly some maturation of the product offering. Two, I think you're seeing some of the effects of some promotional offers that we've made available. Last year, we've put in place some Triple Plays that were -- that featured a free period of DVR. So in terms of the year-over-year impact, you're seeing the absence of that. And you're also seeing some customers who, after the free period, are rolling off. And then not surprisingly, given the still stagnant economy, one of the places that we find customers were strapped cutting back is to eliminate the DVR. So I think there's a bunch of different things going on, but those things all have an influence.
Operator: Jessica Cohen, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: Glenn and Rob, you both mentioned competitive intensity. Just wondering, I mean, it's always pretty competitive or has been for a while. Is there anything unusual that you're seeing in the second quarter or going into the third quarter? And then separately, Rob, I was hoping you could break out advertising. If you take away the rep deals that you have in place, what was your underlying advertising? And do you think that you're actually growing faster than the local markets? Are you in line?
Robert Marcus: Okay. I had a little bit of trouble hearing, Jessica, but I think I got the essence of it. On competitive intensity, really, I think the most market change from the past is just an increasing aggressiveness of the offers we're seeing from our competitors. So the satellite guys, DIRECT in particular is offering a pretty aggressive video package, I think, $29.99 but including a free Sunday ticket offer. The phone companies are going out with very aggressive triples. Verizon has gone to a no contract, $99.99 with free MR DVR for life. And U-Verse has got a -- also an aggressive triple, I think an $89.99, with a pretty significant cash back offer. So it's really just a progression of more aggressive offers. In addition, based on our estimates, FiOS has also spent a lot more marketing dollars in our footprint than they have in the past. So that's the essence of what we're seeing on the competitive intensity side. On the ad front, I think, what I heard you say was you're looking to figure out what portion of the total advertising revenue is associated with the FiOS deal?
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: Well, yes. I mean, if you take away your rep deals. You have FiOS and I think you also have U-Verse?
Robert Marcus: Yes.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: If you take away the rep deals, what is your underlying advertising growth?
Robert Marcus: Yes. So U-Verse hasn't yet ticked in, that's a fourth quarter deal. So it's just FiOS at this point. That accounted for about $15 million dollars. And what I kind of look at is a more normalized ad revenue growth. So back out political, back out the rep deals, and we had slight ad revenue growth year-over-year.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: So that's probably in line with the broadcast market?
Robert Marcus: Honestly don't know the answer to that.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay .
Glenn Britt: The only thing I would add on competitive intensity is, we are seeing more aggressive sort of introductory beacon price offers. Everybody in the space still reports consistently high ARPUs. So I think as you look at the ads, you can -- we need to pay attention to reported ARPUs also. Because the ads may be more aggressive than what's happening in real life.
Operator: Next, Richard Greenfield, BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC: Just wanted to ask a question on -- a follow-up on Craig's question related to wireless. You have the spectrum, co-spectrum, you haven't really done anything with it, in terms of -- how do you think about the use of that spectrum and the time frame for either monetizing or doing something with it? And then two, you mentioned that transactional VOD was down. It seemed like it was a pretty big number. Is that due to Netflix? I mean, I realize you don't have HBO Go launched yet. So I assume, is that really just a function of Netflix growth in the quarter? Any color would be great.
Glenn Britt: Okay. On wireless, as I've said, we've been trying to make sure we had options if we find the magic marketing formula. So Clearwire and the spectrum is in that context. As I think you know, there's a fairly long time period for build out associated with that spectrum despite some of the political comments people making around this in Washington. So we're going to keep trying to find out if there's some formula for quadruple play that works. If we find the magic formula, we'll go from there. If we don't, then we'll take some other action. But again, nothing to announce at this point. On VOD, I'll let Rob handle it, other than to say that there's -- one of the things going on in VOD is there's been a fairly steady trends over some time period now for adult to go down, largely because there's that kind of material available on the Internet for free. And that's pretty high margin. And so that's been, not just this quarter, but going on for some time period. Rob, what do you want to say?
Robert Marcus: As Glenn points out, the biggest piece of the year-over-year decline was in fact in the adult category, more than 1/3 of it was there. But movies-on-demand and event were also down. Event is very much hit driven in a sense that as the events go, when there are fights, there is events revenue. So you can expect to see a pop, when you have a Pacquiao or Mosley and sometimes, when you don't get, you see a little bit of the downturn. MOD, we did see a decline in buys. And we did not see a concomitant increase in revenue per buy. So could that be in part a function of alternative availability of movies? I guess, yes. It also could be a matter of the slate. So I wouldn't draw any conclusions quite yet.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC: Does that impact in any way your thoughts around HBO Go and whether you ever choose to license it?
Robert Marcus: I think we've said repeatedly that we think the HBO Go was attractive. And we think we'd like to deliver to our customers, and we're merely working through the structure of the deal to make that happen.
Operator: Next, Jason Bazinet, Citi.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup Inc: I have a question for Mr. Marcus. I think on the earnings guidance that you've laid out at the beginning of the year, the Street gravitated towards the high end of that number, closer to the $250 million. I was a bit surprised that you didn't raise sort of the lower end of that today given that your earnings have been pretty much in line with where the Street is. Is this something that the Street is missing? Because it seems like your model is pretty deterministic. So any color you can provide.
Robert Marcus: I assume what you meant, Jason, is the $4.25 to $4.40 EPS. Look, I think our approach has generally been to set out guidance at the beginning of the year and not on every call revise it, whether up or down. And that's really what's driving the thought process here. I will point out, and I tried to highlight it in our prepared remarks, that you should be cognizant of not simply multiplying first half by 2, and then assuming growth because we do have the lapping of the amortization benefits we saw starting in Q3 of last year. But I wouldn't read anything into the fact that we didn't revise guidance.
Operator: Next, Jason Armstrong, Goldman Sachs.
Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Sorry to beat a dead horse at wireless. But maybe just one more, maybe throw out a scenario for you and just to get your reaction to it. If what's important here is preserving optionality in the future, Clearwire obviously has some problems this year and the buildout is stalled. You talked about not making considerable incremental investments from here, but you have sort of assets that you could contribute into something else just for swap stakes. I'm wondering, why you wouldn't think about packaging a Clearwire stake plus the spectrum co-spectrum and trying to swap into equity in Sprint, if the goal really long-term optionality?
Glenn Britt: Well, interesting question. I think this space and creating optionality, we've seen more different ideas and those deals and structures, whatever they need to shake a stick at. And obviously, we've done what we've done to date. But we keep thinking about new things, hearing about new things. But again, nothing really to report or announce at this point.
Operator: John Hodulik, UBS.
John Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank: I guess, in your prepared remarks, Rob mentioned that the economy had some impact as well, competition and the economy. And I guess, we've addressed the competition section. I mean, with the PSU metrics being maybe a tad weaker. And then I think you said something about the DVR penetration might be being affected by weakness in the economy. Is this something sort of more of the same of what we've been seeing to date? Or is this maybe an increased competition sequentially due to some sort of economic air pocket we've had, and how do you see that progressing forward?
Glenn Britt: I think we're seeing what we've been seeing for several quarters now. Obviously, we have seasonality on top of that. The specific impact of the economy and of actions of the various competitors changes each quarter. But we're seeing lots of competition, and we're seeing a weak economy and that has stayed in place. As I said before, I think, the kind of unique housing-driven nature of what we've been going through for a couple of years has affected our business in a different way than previous downturns. And I think until we work our way through this and housing starts rebound and people start occupying vacant houses, we're going to see a similar trend. And the population keeps growing, so inevitably, we will work our way through that. But reading all of the pundits, it takes longer than other kinds of downturns.
John Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank: And just a quick follow-up. You said -- I guess, you guys mentioned that you didn't think that over the top, video options were affecting VOD. Do you see it affecting -- do you think it showed up at all in the video net add losses? Or do you see it affecting that video business more dramatically this quarter than it has in the past?
Glenn Britt: To the best of our market research ability, it's consistent with what others seem to find. It's -- the effect right now is very, very modest and it's very hard to measure, but it's so small.
Operator: Laura Martin, Needham & Company.
Laura Martin - Needham & Company, LLC: Yes. Glenn, I'd love to have you update us on where you on TV Everywhere and the status of that. And then yesterday, I was at a cable conference, and they were talking about incremental bandwidth cost of $0.40 or $0.50 a gig. Is that -- and many of these systems as you know, other systems are starting to do rate based or caps. And does that sound like about the incremental bandwidth costs or it's just lower, which is why you don't really need to talk about metered billing on the VoIP side?
Glenn Britt: Okay. Bandwidth cost, and the first question was TV Everywhere. Okay, I'm sorry. We have a bad connection on the set. The TV Everywhere, we are very big advocates of that, have been from the very beginning. As you recall, we were still part of Time Warner when this idea first came about. I think it makes also the sense in the world. It is not the easiest thing to pull off in the deal sense, the technology is not that complicated. But negotiating deals one at a time with different programs, well, it's very complicated. Though the concept seemed simple, everybody has slightly different ideas of how we should work when you get down on the details. And by the way, not everybody -- not every network has all the rights for all their programming to do this to begin with. So I think it's progressing actually pretty well. With Disney and ESPN, we actually did the first big TV Everywhere deals. And I think you will see more from us and other people as time goes by. Again, the technology is not complicated. It's all the details. I still think it's a great idea, and we're all for it. Bandwidth cost, I actually don't even know the answer. But I think the conversation about usage-based pricing should not be tied to a conversation about costs. This is not a rate of return regulated monopoly industry like AT&T was before 1984, and I think there's a tendency to think the world still works that way. We have a lot of different products, we have a lot of different offerings, and we're aiming at different segments and different combinations. And the pricing will relate to that. This is not a strict cost base thing. So those facts are interesting, but not terribly relevant to pricing.
Tom Robey: Candy, I think that's probably all that we have time for this morning. Thanks everyone for joining us. And to give you a little bit of advance notice, Time Warner Cable's next quarterly conference call, which will reflect our third quarter 2011 results will be on Thursday, October 27, 2011, at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. Thanks, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Glenn Britt - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert Marcus - President, Chief Operating Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer Tom Robey - IR
Analysts: Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC Laura Martin - Needham & Company, LLC Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Vijay Jayant - Citadel Securities, LLC James Ratcliffe - Barclays Capital Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG Tuna Amobi - S&P Equity Research
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Time Warner Cable First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objection, you may disconnect at this time. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mr. Tom Robey, Senior Vice President of Time Warner Cable Investor Relations. You may begin.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Candy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Time Warner Cable's 2011 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This morning, we issued a press release detailing our 2011 first quarter results. Before we begin, there are several items I need to cover. First, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures, including operating income before depreciation and amortization or OIBDA. In addition, we refer to adjusted OIBDA and adjusted OIBDA less capital expenditures. Definitions and schedules setting out reconciliations of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release or our trending schedules. Second, today's announcements includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements herein due to various factors, including economic, business, competitive, technological, strategic and/or regulatory changes that could affect our business. These factors are discussed in detail in Time Warner Cable's SEC filings, including the most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Time Warner Cable is under no obligation to, and in fact, expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. And finally, today's press releases, trending schedules, presentation slides and related reconciliation schedules are available on our company's website at timewarnercable.com/investors. A replay of today's call will be available beginning approximately two hours after the call has ended and will run through midnight Eastern Time, May 3.  And with that covered, I'll thank you and turn the call over to Glenn. Glenn?
Glenn Britt: Good morning,, and thank you for joining us. We're off to a good start in 2011, with first quarter revenue growth of 5% and Adjusted OIBDA growth of almost 4%. Products ARPU growth was strong across the board and subscription performance displayed seasonal strengths.  I'm particularly pleased with the performance of our high-speed data product, both product mix and ARPU growth trends continue to be very favorable. And since quarter end, we have crossed the 10 million subscriber threshold. High-speed data is quickly becoming the anchor product in the eyes of our customers. B2B growth continued to accelerate and we're pleased with our progress in this space. Our advertising business coming off dramatic growth rates in 2010 continue to grow its revenue at double digit rates. We continue to generate a lot of free cash flow. And in the first quarter, we used our cash to repurchase shares and pay an increased dividend, returning nearly a billion to our shareholders.  This is really exciting time in our business. New technology is making it possible for us to provide a better video experience to our customers, one that gives them more control. Nowhere is this more evident than in our iPad app, which we launched last month to overwhelmingly positive consumer reviews. In its first month, 360,000 iPad users downloaded the app. We started with 30 linear channels simulcast over our cable network and we now have more than 70 channels. By year end, we plan to offer nearly all of the linear cable channels, as well as broadcast channels in several of our biggest cities and a lot of on-demand content.  I want to emphasize that our iPad app is not a one-off product. Rather, we are investing in a development process and a development team that will introduce new capabilities to our customers in rapid succession. In the next month or so, we're planning to release an update that will add remote control capability and the ability to remotely program DVRs. The consumer electronics industry is embracing the idea of devices such as smart TVs, with built-in intelligence and two-way communications capability, all built in IP standards. The technology that we're using to simulcast videos to iPads will eventually feed all of these devices and over time, this may lead to a world without set tops, which we think could enable a much better customer experience.  However, without ignoring our traditional video environment built MPEG MPEG and analog standards. Later this year, we're planning to launch a new navigation application, which will be hosted in our network instead of in our set-tops, providing a much more intuitive and graphically-rich search environment for millions of customers using our set-top boxes.  Turning to the B2B space, we recently closed on the NaviSite acquisition. We expect NaviSite to jumpstart our ability to sell managed and cloud-based services into the small and medium business space. By bundling their services with our primary offerings, we hope to attract new customers, increase ARPU and reduce churn.  Before closing, I should mention that during the quarter, we signed a long-term agreement with the Los Angeles Lakers to carry their games on two new Time Warner Cable owned RSNs. One in English and one in Spanish. And those will start with the 2012 to 2013 season. This is a unique opportunity to gain greater control over our economic destiny and enhance our brand in Los Angeles, with both English- and Spanish-speaking audiences.  In summary, our business continues to perform well. We're investing thoughtfully and strategically to further improve the value of our services both residential and business customers. And, of course, we remain committed to returning cash to our shareholders. So now let me turn it over to Rob for more details.
Robert Marcus: Thanks, Glenn, and good morning everyone. As usual, I'll start with the first quarter highlights on Slide 3. We're off to a good start in 2011, with improving subscriber trends and very solid financial results. First quarter revenue was particularly strong, rising 5% year-over-year, as residential subscription revenue increased 3.5%, commercial or B2B revenue growth accelerated to over 23% and advertising revenue grew almost 14%.  Adjusted OIBDA grew over 3.5% in the quarter and operating income was up almost 15%. Adjusted OIBDA less CapEx increased over 14% to a record $1.1 billion, and free cash flow was up over 42% to $927 million or $2.65 per diluted share.  Diluted EPS increased 55% to $0.93. We returned just under a billion to our shareholders in the first quarter through our cash dividend and share repurchases. And finally, we remain on track to meet all elements of our full year financial guidance.  As Glen mentioned, we closed our NaviSite acquisition on April 21, and will include their financial results with ours going forward. However, I would note that our financial guidance is all based on our organic performance and does not include NaviSite's results or any of the cost associated with the acquisition.  Let's move on to our Q1 subscriber trends on the next slide. While the economy doesn't appear to have gotten worst during the quarter, unemployment and housing vacancy rates remain high across our footprint. The competitive environment hasn't changed significantly either, as marketing and promotional activities among our telco and satellite competitors continued to be intense. The pace of telco fiber buildouts continued to slow and we estimate that AT&T is still marketing U-verse videos to roughly 24% of our footprint, while Verizon is offering FiOS TV in about 10%.  In the first quarter, we continued to broadly execute variations in our $33 by 3 Triple Play offer to both new and existing customers. In addition, we began to refocus our marketing on the individual products within the bundle, especially HSD to target those customers that maybe less receptive to the full Triple Play.  As I mentioned, subscriber trends improved in the first quarter. Total primary service units increased by 208,000, and while that's fewer net add than in last year's first quarter, it's the best year-over-year sub [subscriber] performance we've delivered in more than a year.  Churn was up about 10 basis points year-over-year, but was down sequentially in each PSU category. And although it's early in the quarter, let me say a word about Q2 subs. As you know, the second quarter is seasonally weaker than the first. But on a year-over-year basis, so far Q2 is looking a lot like Q1.  High-speed data once again comprised the majority of Primary Service Unit net adds in the quarter. We added 189,000 HSD subscribers and finished the quarter with just shy of 10 million total HSD subs or 36.5% of passings. That's a 5.1% year-over-year increase in our HSD subscriber base. As Glen mentioned, we crossed the 10 million mark shortly after quarter end.  We continue to gain HSD share during the first quarter. On a size-adjusted basis, we again added significantly more HSD subs than both AT&T and Verizon. Our residential HSD subscriber mix continued to improve with more customers taking higher-speed tiers. We added 136,000 Turbo and 9,000 Wideband or DOCSIS 3.0 customers.  Our Wideband net adds, while still a small portion of the total were nearly double our Q4 net adds, largely driven by our new Signature Home offering, which includes Wideband in many markets.  Close to 16% of our residential HSD sub base now take Turbo or Wideband. Commercial HSD net adds accelerated for the second consecutive quarter to 12,000.  We continue to see good results in Digital Phone. Net adds were 84,000 and we ended the quarter with almost $4.6 million total voice subscribers, a 6.1% year-over-year increase. At quarter end, our voice penetration reached 17% of total phone passings. We had 12,000 commercial voice net adds in the quarter for a total subscriber base of 123,000.  Although we lost 65,000 video subs for the full quarter, we actually added video subs in the seasonally strong month of March. Once again, we lost lower-end analog single-play video customers, while we added higher-end digital and bundled video subs. We did well with our Spanish-language offering, adding about 20,000 El Paquetazo subscribers in the quarter, with particular strength in Texas and Southern California.  DVR net adds were 42,000 and premium channel net adds were about 45,000 in the quarter. We added 26,000 customer relationships in the quarter and continue to have success with our bundled offerings, adding 83,000 Triple Play subs, up from 73,000 in last year's first quarter and increasing our Double Play subscriber count by 17,000. At quarter end, almost 60% of our customers were either Double or Triple Plays.  As you are aware, we introduced a couple of new offerings late in the fourth quarter of last year. Signature Home, our high-end Triple Play, coupling our best products with customized service and TV Essentials, a value-oriented video offering for those customers that prefer fewer channels at a lower price point. While it's still too early to draw up conclusions, let me give you some preliminary observations. Signature Home sales have ramped each month since the December launch and we now have roughly 10,000 subscribers paying an average of $210 per month. During the quarter, 70% of the Signature Home connect were existing Triple Play customers who upgraded to Signature Home. On average, those customers are paying us about $20 per month more than they did previously.  Perhaps as important as the subscriber stats, is the extremely positive customer feedback we've received. We think we've struck a chord here with the high-end customer and we're excited by the prospects.  As for TV Essentials, we launched the tier in only 2 markets, so the numbers there are small. But it appears to be effective as a targeted acquisition and retention tool among some customer segments and as an upgrade offer for basic-only customers. We're in the process of evaluating how to expand the deployment of the offering across our footprint.  Turning to our financial results on the next slide. First quarter revenue was especially strong, increasing 5% year-over-year to $4.8 billion. Total subscription revenue, that's residential and B2B combined, grew 4.6%, driven by both ARPU improvement and increased PSUs. Subscription ARPU for PSU increased 3.4%, the highest year-over-year improvement in more than 3 years, driven by ARPU growth in each PSU category.  Advertising revenue increased almost 14% and total ARPU per customer relationship was 5.6% versus last year's first quarter to over $111. In dollar terms, total revenues were $228 million higher than in Q1 of '10, with $145 million of that growth coming from our Residential Subscription business, $59 million coming from B2B and $24 million coming from advertising.  Let's focus first on our Residential Subscription business on Slide 6. Residential Subscription revenue grew 3.5% year-over-year, driven by a combination of subscriber growth, improved subscriber mix and price increases. Of the $145 million of year-over-year Residential Subscription revenue growth, HSD contributed about 2/3 or $97 million and Digital Phone and video contributed roughly equal shares of the balance.  Residential HSD revenue increased 9.4% over Q1 of last year and 3.5% over Q4. Year-over-year residential HSD revenue growth has accelerated in each of the last 5 quarters and sequential HSD revenue growth was the best in over 3 years.  The year-over-year growth was driven by subscriber increases, as well as the nearly 4% improvement in residential HSD ARPU. This is the eighth consecutive quarter of year-over-year residential HSD ARPU improvement, as we continue to benefit from price increases and the improved subscriber mix I mentioned earlier.  Residential voice revenue grew more than 5.5% year-over-year due to continued subscriber growth. On a sequential basis, residential voice revenue growth was the highest in more than 18 months. Notably, residential voice ARPU was up year-over-year for the first time ever.  Residential video revenue grew about 1% year-over-year, despite our smaller video subscriber base, as residential video ARPU increased over 4.5% from Q1 of '10. The ARPU improvement was the product of price increases and higher digital video and DVR revenues, offset by lower transactional VOD and premium revenues.  Moving on to commercial or B2B revenue on Slide 7. We had another very strong quarter in our B2B operations. B2B is an increasingly important engine of growth, contributing more than 1/4 of our total year-over-year revenue improvement in Q1. As I mentioned at year end, we're focused on improving sales productivity and expanding the number of commercial establishments we reach with our plan. We're also focused on increasing the number of B2B customers that take more than one service from us. At quarter end, 2/3 of our roughly 450,000 B2B customers were Single Play, so there's a nice opportunity there.  B2B revenue for the quarter was $313 million, up 23% over Q1 of 2010. That marks our fifth consecutive quarter of accelerating year-over-year B2B revenue growth. Of the $59 million of year-over-year growth, data contributed about 40% or $23 million and voice and cell tower backhaul contributed just under 30% each. B2B data revenue increased more than 15%, driven by growth in shared and dedicated Internet access and Metro Ethernet revenue. B2B voice revenue increased over 60%, driven by subscriber growth. And cell tower backhaul revenue was $28 million more than double our revenues in Q1 of '10.  At quarter end, we had an install base of nearly 6,400 revenue-generating radios and a meaningful backlog under contract. So we're well on our way to achieving organic growth similar to what we achieved in 2010.  Finally, we closed on our acquisition of NaviSite last week, which will jumpstart our entry into the enterprise-focused managed and cloud services business and enhance the suite of products that we offer our existing SMB customers. As I mentioned at the outset, NaviSite results are not yet included in the B2B revenue or other financial guidance we've provided.  Moving on to advertising revenue on the next slide. Advertising revenue of $197 million increased $24 million or almost 14% year-over-year despite a drop in political advertising. Strength in the automotive category, which grew 35% and media advertising, which increased almost 55% accounted for about 85% of the year-over-year increase.  First quarter ad revenue benefited from our ad-rep deal with Verizon, under which we sell regional advertising on behalf of FiOS TV in New York City, Los Angeles and Dallas. We booked the revenue from the sale of FiOS inventory on a gross basis and treat Verizon share of that revenue as an expense, so the revenue from this deal has a lower margin than revenue from selling our own ad inventory.  During the first quarter, we also signed an ad-rep deal with AT&T U-verse and we'll start to see the benefits of that deal in Q4. We still expect that full year ad revenue will be greater than in 2010. But remember that the comps get much tougher as the year progresses given that we generated $55 million from political advertising in the second half of last year.  Let's turn to Adjusted OIBDA and operating; income on Slide 9. First quarter Adjusted OIBDA grew 3.6% to $1.7 billion, while operating income rose 14.7% to $975 million. Our Adjusted OIBDA margin fell 40 basis points versus Q1 of last year, as improved revenue mix and better voice and HSD gross margins were not enough to offset lower video gross margins, higher wireless and home security investments compared to the first quarter of last year and an increase in consulting spend related to our strategic sourcing initiative that will yield both operating expense and CapEx savings during the year.  Operating income margin improved 170 basis points year-over-year to 20.2%, driven by a significant decline in amortization expense. Total first quarter operating expense grew 5.7% compared to last year. Employee costs were up 5.9% year-over-year, driven by annual salary increases across all of our businesses, higher headcount primarily in B2B and higher payroll taxes. B2B employee cost grew 25.4%, while residential employee expenses were up 4%.  Programming expense increased 2.6% in aggregate and 6.4% on a per subscriber basis, less than recent quarters due in part to the reversal of an $18 million accrual for programming services previously carried without a contract. We continue to expect total programming cost growth for the full year 2011 to be in the same ballpark as 2010.  Voice costs were up only 3.1% in Q1 as we began to benefit from the migration of customers off of our Sprint contract. As of the end of Q1, we have migrated roughly 1/4 of our phones customers and we expect to move another 20% by the end of Q2. As a result, voice cost improvements should be even greater in the back half of the year.  When we're all done in 2014, we expect to see our pre-migration voice cost cut roughly in half. First quarter marketing expense of $159 million was $8 million higher than last year and remained constant at 3.3% of revenues.  During the first quarter, we continued to invest in new business initiatives, including wireless and our new Smart Home Security offering. In Q1, the combined losses from these initiatives were approximately $15 million compared to $5 million in the first quarter of 2010. We plan to continue investing in these new initiatives over the course of the year and still expect our total 2011 start-up losses to be in the $75 million range.  Looking forward, we expect that Adjusted OIBDA growth will be greater in the second half of the year, and we continue to expect to generate double-digit operating income growth for the full year.  Turning to capital spending on Slide 10. First quarter CapEx was $663 million or 13.7% of revenues. Total CapEx was down about 10% year-over-year in part due to the timing of expenditures. We also benefited from our strategic sourcing initiative, which is helping to reduce per unit pricing and enhance the efficiency of our supply chain.  First quarter residential capital expenditures were 12.7% of residential revenues and were down about 11% year-over-year to $550 million due primarily to lower CPE as set-top box spending declined over 40%, driven by both reduced volumes and lower per unit prices.  B2B capital expenditures were $113 million, flat with last year's first quarter. Roughly half of the B2B CapEx was attributable to line extensions and expanding our cell tower backhaul footprints. While capital intensity in the first quarter was our lowest ever, we expect CapEx to be more back-end loaded this year. For the full year, we still expect that capital spending will be less than $3 billion.  Moving onto cash flow on the next slide. Our cash flow by any measure has never been stronger. Adjusted OIBDA less capital expenditures for the first quarter was $1.1 billion, a 14% year-over-year increase and an all-time high. The $133 million of growth was the result of $60 million of year-over-year improvement in Adjusted OIBDA and a $73 million decrease in CapEx.  Free cash flow for the quarter, which benefited from a $270 million tax refund related to overpayments in 2010 was $927 million, up 42% year-over-year. Free cash flow per share increased almost 45% to $2.65. Because of the tax refund and because we will continue to benefit from 100% bonus depreciation throughout the year. On a net basis, we do not expect to pay significant cash taxes during 2011.  As we said on our last call, with these tax benefits, we expect double-digit free cash flow growth for the full year. Just a reminder, as you model 2012 and beyond, the bonus depreciation benefits we're enjoying this year will reverse in future years, resulting in less tax depreciation and higher cash taxes.  Turning to the next slide. First quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.93 increased 55% from $0.60 in Q1 of '10, primarily due to an increase in operating income, a decrease in book taxes and a modest benefit from share repurchases, which was partially offset by higher net interest and other expenses.  Both this year and last year's first quarters were impacted by a number of items highlighted in our press release. Most notably, EPS in both quarters was reduced by a non-cash charge to reverse previously recognized tax benefit related to the expiration of certain Time Warner Inc. stock options held by Time Warner Cable employees. The impact in this quarter was $0.06 per share. We continue to expect the 2011 full year diluted EPS will be in the $4.25 to $4.50 range.  Let's finish up with a balance sheet. We ended the quarter with net debt and preferred equity totaling $20.3 billion, essentially flat with year end 2010. Our leverage ratio was 2.93x. During the quarter, we returned $996 million to shareholders through our dividend and share repurchase programs. We paid out $167 million or $0.48 a share in dividend and bought back 12 million shares of common stock or $829 million during the first quarter. Since we launched the repurchase program in November of 2010. Through the end of the first quarter, we have repurchased 20 million shares at an average price of $67 per share for a total of $1.3 billion. This leaves about $2.7 billion remaining on our authorization.  So to summarize. We're off to a strong start in 2011, both from an operational and a financial perspective. As a result, we expect to deliver strong growth in our full year operating income, free cash flow and EPS. Thank you.  With that, I'll turn it over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Rob. Candy, we're ready for the Q&A portion of the conference call. We would ask each caller to ask just a single question, so that we can accommodate as many callers as the time permits. Our first question please, Candy?
Operator: First question comes from Jessica Reif-Cohen, Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: Here's my single question and a half. Rob, could you talk -- give us, like, just talk about the underlying margin. You had some unusual expenses going on in the quarter. If you could just pull the onetime step-out, that will be very helpful? And secondly on LA, I know Glenn mentioned the plan to start up in RSN. Could you just talk generally about what your intentions are in LA? Would you like to own the whole market? Will you buy more teams? Will you add more teams to the RSN?
Robert Marcus: Okay. On margins first, Jessica. I mentioned most of these in our Adjusted OIBDA discussion. But in -- I guess, first, I'll start with an expectation for the full year. And I think we've said this before, we're expecting that margins for the full year going to look a lot like last year. So the things that drove the somewhat lower margins in the first quarter really were; one, we spent more on our new business initiatives, in particular wireless and our Home Security initiative in Q1 relative to Q1 of last year. We had some consulting expenses in connection with what we call our strategic sourcing initiative, which is really an initiative designed to improve both OpEx and CapEx. The benefits this quarter primarily showed up in the CapEx line. And it's a contingent kind of an arrangement, so when we save money, we pay a little bit of consulting. So that's what you're seeing there. We did have a delta in bad debt year-over-year, nothing meaningful to talk about, they're just relatively small numbers. And lastly, the other driver, I think, relates to increases in compensation expense. Really, primarily related to our continued ramp up of our B2B capability. So those are really the items that are driving the 40 basis point delta in margins. But again, for the full year, we're thinking pretty flat to last year.
Glenn Britt: Jessica, on the RSN question. I think it's best to look at it as this was an opportunity that came along, and we seized it as a way to have more surety about our expenses for the next, some number of years going forward. Clearly, the Lakers must have content in that market and we were going to carry them one way or another. So having them in our own RSN gives us some financial stability. And also, I think as a local business and they're a local business, we are coming up with lots of sort of joint promotional things that we can do, which I think is going to enhance our brand in that market. Whether there's any more of those opportunities, I think, they come up time to time. We'll just have to look at them. It does appear that the network companies are in a bit of a feeding frenzy trying to lock up every moving sporting rate in our country for many, many years. So there's obviously a lot of competition there. So a little hard to predict how it's all going to turn out.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: And what about owning more of the market?
Glenn Britt: More cable and obviously, it's been rumored in the press and reported that the Charter property is going to come to market. And I won't comment on that specifically, other than say we're going to evaluate it like we look at all acquisitions, and look at what it would look like under our ownership and apply our cost of capital to it and all the synergies and what have you. And then evaluate it versus other investment alternatives including buying our shares back and we'll come out wherever we come out.
Operator: Next, Vijay Jayant, Citadel Securities.
Vijay Jayant - Citadel Securities, LLC: Glenn, just wanted to come back to broadband pricing and the prospect of usage-based pricing, you guys have tested that in the past. Is it something you're doing again or want to bring back? Can you just talk about that?
Glenn Britt: I think -- well, first of all, we do not have any immediate plans to change our pricing. But I would repeat what I've said in a number of different forms. I think some sort of pricing with the usage dimension is essentially inevitable and exactly how it unrolls, you're seeing it in the wireless space now. But exactly how that gets implemented, who goes first and what have you, I think remains to be seen. But clearly the volume activity on the Internet is growing really fast, which is good by the way. That means it's useful to our customers. Clearly, you keep up with that, there's going to be more and more investment required. And I think it will be natural that just like everything else we buy in our lives, the people who use more will pay more and people who use less will pay less.
Operator: Next, Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Rob, can I just come back, I wanted to clarify the PSU or subscriber commentary you made in the prepared remarks, that Q2 just looking like a lot like Q1. I'm assuming that's on a...
Robert Marcus: Hey, Ben, a little bit louder. I'm having trouble hearing you.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: You mentioned Q2 looks a lot like Q1 on subscribers. Is that a year-over-year PSU percentage decline comment?
Robert Marcus: Yes, you got it exactly right. It's on a percentage prior year PSU net adds basis.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Okay. I thought we were looking at 200,000 adds in Q2 for a second there. But thanks for clarifying. And then, Glenn, one of the things that's interesting about what you're doing on the development side is how much of it ties into the tablet phenomenon. And certainly, if you drive by the Apples store in the Upper West Side, it seems like everyone in America has a tablet. But we know that's not true. So I'm just wondering, how you think about bringing this stuff to your broader customer base over time? Because even any year, two years from now, most of us won't have a tablet and you're doing a lot of interesting things with IP and the network around improved navigation, search and discovery, adding more on-demand long-tail content. But how do you get that to everyone in your video customer base over sort of the foreseeable future?
Glenn Britt: That's a great question, Ben. Essentially, what's going on is the consumer electronics industry is embracing devices with video displays in them that also have intelligence and that have two-way radios and that are all built MPEG the IP standard. And in a sense there's nothing magical about the IP standard versus MPEG or anything else. It's just a bunch of standards that the world is coalescing around. So these devices and there's all sort of different things, these tablets, the Smart TVs that are in the market now. And obviously, there's PCs and what have you. And I think the departure from the past is that the old TVs, which received different standards, TV by different standards, those were relatively dominated, little or no intelligence and they weren't really two-way devices. And that's why we always have set-tops because of those devices couldn't display our services without set-tops.  So what we have is the possibility of transmitting our services to these devices, having much better navigation using a combination of the intelligence of the device and the intelligence back in our network. Doing security and software instead of hardware and essentially getting rid of set-tops. So although the initial application was for the iPAd and you're right, not everybody has an iPad, just all of our friends. I think the bigger story here is about the TVs, which were all going to be receiving our video service this way. This isn't the public Internet. It's essentially simulcasting signals over our cable system. Just like today, we simulcast in several different other formats. So that's what we're doing. And I think this question is right on, it's going to be a better customer experience.
Operator: Laura Martin, Needham & Company.
Laura Martin - Needham & Company, LLC: Let's follow-up on this issue of iPad. I'm really interested in the consumer program. Are there programming cost aspect of this? I know you and Viacom are in a lawsuit now over you guys putting their channels on the iPad. I'm hearing from the Disney folks that you guys have agreed to give them the customer name and they're saying, "They're charging extra for this service that you guys putting them on a house." I guess, I'm interested, Glenn, on the programmer side, are there groups of programmers you can identify, some of which are just letting you use this stuff in the house, some of which are suing you, some of which are making other demands for forms of compensation, monetary or otherwise?  And then on the economics on the cost, my recollection of this, Glenn, is that you guys have a, from the government, the ability to pass-through the cost of the set-top box and to the extent you move away from that and you don't get that kind of costs returned to you with the profit margin. Does that mean that we end up with less revenue as you move to this IP world, where you're going to have to incur and expense all the cost as you develop this new consumer-friendly product?
Glenn Britt: Okay. Lot of questions there, Laura. I'm not going to talk about any specific programming deals except to put it in context. And again, this is a simulcast and I think there's great confusion about technology, which is changing quickly. And there's a tendency of whenever anybody says IP for mass hysteria to rein, everybody think it's the Internet. But IP is a set of standards and it's being used in all sorts of different devices, in sorts of different ways. And the use of it doesn't mean it's the public Internet. And I think that's the importance here. This is the way TV is going to be distributed in the future. It's not going to be new or different. We're not going to have analog anymore after a while. And so the old forms of digital are going to migrate to IP. It's just a different way of with encoding bits, it's not magic. On the cost of the set-tops. it's an interesting thing. There is a residual price regulation of set-tops in places where there isn't effective competition. And there's a statutory rate of return according to our formula. It doesn't mean that we or others actually charge that amount of money. And it's also not relevant where there's effective competition, which isn't much of our footprint.  Having said that, I think, if we move to a world without set-tops, you are right, we will probably have lower revenue because we do charge for them. We also have lower capital costs and I maybe slightly wrong in this statistic. But I think about 40% of our service calls relate to set-tops. And think about not having all those service calls. So my guess is, although you may -- if we magically snapped our fingers and have no set-tops, which will only happen over many years, we would have a somewhat smaller balance sheet, somewhat smaller revenue, probably a more profitable company and much happier customers. So that's what this is all about.
Operator: Next, Rich Greenfield, BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC: A couple of questions. One, just on, I think, Rob, you mentioned that EBITDA growth or operating income growth will accelerate in the back half of the year despite some tougher ad comparisons. I'm just curious, what's driving that given that advertising obviously was a big benefit in the current quarter and kind of how you look at that?  And then two, just in terms of following up on Jessica's question about acquisition behavior. It seems like you guys have come out and kind of talk down Insight. Curious kind of what about Insight doesn't fit the criteria or is it just the price issue? And how do you think about the overall, it seems like more and more cable systems, everyone is trying to rush to sell now and monetize valuation-wise. And I'm just kind of curious, what are the things that you're looking for specifically? Is it just complementary fit or is there -- is it really looking at your share buyback relative to everything?
Glenn Britt: Rich, why don't I jump in on the acquisition front, let Rob handle the other question. I think you just pointed out something that was interesting is, which is there does appear to be a lot coming to market. So that in itself should raise a question about what's going on there. And if you're a buyer, what does that mean? I won't try to answer that question but I think everybody should, why selling is everybody selling all of a sudden? What does that say you should do as a buyer?  Without commenting on anything specific about insight or anything else, suffice it to say that we look at all the synergies and we have a pretty good idea of what the synergies are having been in the business a long time. And look at what these things look like under our auspices, within our programming cost and et cetera. And we project that out and just kind of back with their cost of capital and that gives you an answer. We're a little old-fashioned. We actually think that we should be making money for our shareholders. If what it takes to buy something is you give all the upside to the seller, then that doesn't seem to be very smart to us.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC: Do you need to be bigger in subscribers?
Glenn Britt: I don't think we need to be much bigger. I hesitate a little bit because, obviously, AT&T may be moving to a new scale. So scale may matter in the long run. But a lot of these things we're talking about coming in the market are not big enough to move the scale much. And I think you have to look at it in that context.
Robert Marcus: Rich, on the -- what I actually said was that Adjusted OIBDA growth would be greater in the back half of the year. The biggest single driver of that is improvement in our voice gross margins, which is being driven by the continued migration of subscribers away from Sprint and to our own voice back-office solution. And that more than offsets the impact of those tough advertising comparison that you're describing.  The only other one thing I'd call out as you probably recall that in Q4 of last year, we had a couple of one-time items, a severance item, as well as a reclassification of certain expense as operating expenses as opposed to depreciation. And those will result in favorable comparisons in Q4, but the biggest single driver is the phone cost.
Operator: Next, Marci Ryvicker, Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: I just want to focus on a comment that was made. You're focusing on marketing products within the bundle. So how should we anticipate the impact on ARPU. ARPU has been really strong, even as Triple Play customers increase as percent of your base. Should we see further acceleration in ARPU as you go after the individual products?
Robert Marcus: Marci, I don't anticipate that the market emphasis on individual products will in fact have an impact on ARPU. The objective here is to simply highlight the individual attributes of our products in particular as we compete with some of the single play providers. When you spend all of your energy talking about the bundle and that's been very successful for us to date, it doesn't give you a lot of airtime to sing the praises of the individual product, when we think there's a lot to sing about. So the goal obviously once we get customers interested in individual products will be to continue to upsell them into bundles. But as part of our messaging here, we're really intent on highlighting in particular our video and high-speed data attributes.
Operator: Next, Craig Moffett, Sanford C. Bernstein.
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Two questions if I could. First, you grew your customer relationships a little bit in the quarter. I'm assuming that, that is high-speed data subscribers, who are presumably satellite video customers. Can you just talk about your progress in targeting that as a strategic objective to drive a high-speed data penetration among non-video subscribers and what you're doing against that objective and how you're prosecuting that objective?  And then a second question for Glenn, in the past you said maybe 15% capital intensity is a long-term expectation. But it sounds like with the comment you just made about set-top boxes and what's happened with set-top boxes since you made those comments that, well, a lot has happened. I wonder if you could just revisit that long-term expectation.
Robert Marcus: Craig, why don't I take the sub question first. I guess, first, what I would say is we're up to about, I think, somewhat north of 2 million non-video customer relationships now. I think we're at 2.2, yes, 2.2 million. So it's actually quietly been something we've been increasing over time. We had high-speed data only net adds this quarter that were in the same zone as the first quarter of last year. I would say it's certainly something we'd like to do. Our objective is to sell something to every home we pass.  And if there are customers who are for one reason or another wedded to another provider for video that by no means, means that we're not interested in selling them data and voice and ultimately, we'd like to upsell them to the full Triple Play. When I talked earlier about highlighting the attributes of our individual products, high-speed data is kind of first and foremost in my mind on that front. And in the first quarter in particular, we've been fairly aggressive and fairly effective at adding customers based on promoting the virtues of high-speed data. So it's certainly something that we're focused on and I think we're having some success.
Glenn Britt: Craig, on the capital issue. I think that it's a little early to tell exactly what the trajectory of these Smart TVs are going to be. And I think, as I said earlier, this technology that we're using with the iPad is really ultimately more about Smart TVs than it is about tablets, as fun as that is. The first TVs are really just hitting the market now. If you go to Best Buy, you can see them. And we're working with all of the top manufacturers on serving those devices. There's still sort of unknown questions about exactly where in the house is the DVR and how does that work and what have you? And it's unknown how how fast those are going to sell into market and replace existing TVs. So my guess is, we're going to have set-tops with us for quite a while, but you can see where it's going to go in the long run. Because of that, I think it's too early to start talking about changing our prediction of capital intensity. But, yes, you can see a 10-year time frame where things might go.
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: But still you're already below 15 now.
Glenn Britt: We were this quarter and I think we're still at an awfully slow economy. I think if the economy were to pick up and housing in particular were to pick up, you would see the CPE part of that move up, back to a more normalized state.
Operator: James Ratcliffe, Barclays Capital.
James Ratcliffe - Barclays Capital: When we talk about streaming, can you talk about how important or not it is for streaming applications to essentially be TWC applications and TWC experiences versus those of the channel? And on the iPad app, but it's a TWC app that you use to watch channels whereas, for example, on the ESPN mobile side, you're watching ESPN out of the home on an ESPN-branded app. Is that something where you feel the need generally to be in the position where the consumers is using a TWC product that has then a list of content within that? Or are you comfortable with scenarios where the content is branded as experience associated with the channel instead?
Glenn Britt: Parts of that are unknown. And you're really jumping at two very different things so, and even -- the use of the word streaming, I think, is a tricky thing because our Digital Products to a set-top is creating, [ph] that's a technical matter. I think maybe streaming ought to be taken out of our vocabulary. The reality is the in-home experience is just a variation on our existing in-home experience. It's yet another simulcasts, so we have, already we have an analog, we've got standard definition, we have digital, we have high-definition digital and now we have IP. Those are just different versions of the same offering that you buy from us in a subscription. And clearly in the home that's Time Warner Cable.  The out-of-home experience is what we're all calling TV Everywhere and that goes over the public Internet. So it's really quite a different thing, which means you have to go to a website. So in ESPN's case, their website, We do plan to have our own portal as we get more TV Everywhere rights. And I think it remains to be seen whether consumers will want to go to an aggregated portal with the retailer name like ours or go to a bunch of individual program or portals. The out-of-home content will eventually be the same in all those places.
Robert Marcus: The only thing that I would add to that, James, is in my mind the key to all of this is that the content whether it's made available via a Time Warner Cable app or a programmer's app or website is only available to customers who subscribe to Time Warner Cable's multichannel video experience on an authenticated basis. So the key is what were ultimately doing is enhancing the value of what it means to be a Time Warner Cable video subscriber. And I think that's the key, probably more important than whether or not the app is branded Time Warner Cable or someone else.
Glenn Britt: There's one other thing about this worth mentioning. So the in-home experience or our full video offering, the media networks and all of our VOD. Most of the network companies, not all of them, but most of them do not own all the rights for all of their content to put it on a public Internet. So all of that out-of-home stuff that's on websites is essentially shows that's not in one of your networks. So it's really a very different experience at this point, where it all goes in the future, I think, is very much up in the air.
Operator: Next, Tuna Amobi, Standard & Poor's Equity Research.
Tuna Amobi - S&P Equity Research: So regarding the NaviSite acquisition. Just to get a little bit more clarity on that. Is that indicative of the kind of acquisitions we should expect going forward? Or you would likely to ramp up in that area of cloud computing and it seems to me your prepared remarks that, that suggested that this could actually be more of a feature, an enhancement kind of thing as opposed to kind of a standalone or profit standard so to speak.  So can you see -- can you perhaps clarify where you see the biggest impact of that deal and any financial details will also be helpful. And then separately, on the -- you seem to have some success with the shift in some residential subscribers to the Triple Play. To what extent is that like the results of your proactive marketing strategy or is that more or less a natural evolution of consumers taking more and more discounts? And I think I heard you, Rob, also allude to the fact that on the B2B, that 2/3 of the subs are single play, which kind of suggested the divergence of trends there. Can you speak to the dynamics of that versus the residential? And lastly, last time you mentioned that the sequential progression of subs got better as you went through the December quarter. I was wondering if that was also the case in this quarter?
Glenn Britt: Let me answer the first one, Tuna, and then Rob can take the subscriber one. On NaviSite, let's make it a little broader. I think there's a lot of opportunity in the B2B space generally. And where it's going very rapidly, obviously, from our numbers. And I think there are lot of different aspects to it. It's not quite as simple to characterize as the residential business. And I think there may be additional opportunities like NaviSite that are small acquisitions, that have a couple of features. In the case of NaviSite, there were physical assets that we didn't have that are going to be very useful. It is also very importantly, management skills in the space that we didn't have. So that's -- it's a great fit. Both as a standalone business but also to marry with our existing efforts.  So NaviSite mostly aimed at enterprise customers or it has been. And we think we can take their products and move them into the small, and medium business space which has been our main customer base so far. And so there's a nice synergy there. I think that whether we end up doing more acquisitions and that obviously depends on what deals there are, what have you. But I think there's fertile opportunity in the B2B space.
Robert Marcus: So, Tuna, I'm going to try to remember all of the different questions you had on subs. But let me start with Triple Plays. I think first and foremost, the continued improvement in Triple Play penetration is a testament to the value proposition of the bundle. Certainly, where marketing is aggressively. But it's being marketed to a receptive audience. Customers like what they get when they buy all of three products from us, whether that's attractive pricing, value for their money or some of the product attributes that are particularly unleashed when you have multiple products, things like caller ID on TV.  So I think it's about the marketing and it's about the value of the product. As for B2B, it's kind of a different phenomenon, I wouldn't call them divergent trends at all. Remember that for the longtime, all we sold was video to bars and doctors' waiting rooms, then we began to offer the HSD, which really started the high-growth era of our Commercial business. And much more recently, we started to sell voice. So I think the fact that we have a number of customers that only take high-speed data, which is the predominant single play is more a function of the early stage of our voice business and that's why I say it's an opportunity. I think there's no particular reason why we can't sell additional products into customers.  I don't think the typical single, double, triple play terminology really applies quite as neatly to the Commercial businesses as it does to Residential. So you shouldn't expect us to be talking that way, especially when we add things like managed services on top of connectivity to various customers. They don't lend themselves to neat PSU categories we used to talk about. But I don't view it as a divergent trend at all. I view it as an opportunity to sell more into existing customer relationships that we've built. You had a question on sequential trends through the quarter and I would say that the sequential trends in Q1 month-over-month were pretty good.
Operator: Our last question is Doug Mitchelson, Deutsche Bank.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: Two real quick questions. On the high-speed data side, as you gain share, curious what's been happening with take rates on your data speed tiers? I know this is somewhat self-evident from the good ARPU performance there. But can you give us the mix of customers across your broadband tiers or how that's been changing year-over-year? And then the second one is, I know you discussed margins at length already and I get that video margins are compressing, while telecom margins are expanding this year. Is there a structural issue here that comes on to roost in the future years? Is there a solution to video margin compression as you look out?
Robert Marcus: I guess I'll take both of those. On HSD mix, I think, I talked about this in the prepared remarks. But the bulk of our net add in the HSD category came at the high-end. So we added 136,000 of our Turbo HSD subs. We added about 9,000 or 10,000 DOCSIS 3.0 or Wideband subs. So the higher speed tiers comprised the bulk of our net adds in the quarter. Our basic and lite customers actually declined in the quarter. And if you want to look at the total sub base, let me just run through it for you. If you add Turbos and Wideband subs, it's about 15%, a little over 15% of the total base now. The basic and lite subs are about 12% of the base and the remainder is the standard product.  I think on your margin question, Doug. I mean, we've talked about this for a long time and I don't really see any meaningful change to the pattern on video gross margins. What we've continued to try to do is improve the value of our video product, which should in turn allow us to generate more revenue from it. But on the cost side, I don't see a significant change in the trajectory.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: So I mean, the right way to put it, I guess, as you look out in future years, you think flattish margins is still sustainable, right?
Robert Marcus: Yes.
Tom Robey: I think that's probably all we have time for this morning. Thanks everyone for joining us. And to give you a little bit of an advance notice, our next quarterly conference call, which will reflect our second quarter 2011 results will be on Thursday, July 28, 2011, at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Glenn Britt - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Tom Robey - IR Robert Marcus - President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: John Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch Laura Martin - Needham & Company, LLC Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC Stefan Anninger - Crdit Suisse AG Jason Bazinet - Citigroup Inc Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Craig Moffett - Bernstein Research
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Time Warner Cable Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2010 Earnings. [Operator Instructions] Now I will turn the call over to Mr. Tom Robey, Senior Vice President of Time Warner Cable, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Candy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Time Warner Cable's 2010 Fourth Quarter and Full-year Earnings Conference Call. This morning, we issued two press releases, one detailing our 2010 fourth quarter and full-year results, and the other announcing an increase in and the declaration of our regular quarterly dividend.  Before we begin, there are several items I need to cover. First, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures, including operating income before depreciation and amortization or OIBDA. In addition, we refer to adjusted OIBDA and adjusted OIBDA less capital expenditures. Definitions and schedules setting out reconciliations of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our trending schedules and earnings release. Second, today's announcements includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements herein due to various factors, including economic, business, competitive, technological, strategic and/or regulatory changes that could affect our business. These factors are discussed in detail in our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Time Warner Cable is under no obligation to, and in fact, expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. And finally, today's press releases, trending schedules, presentation slides and related reconciliation schedules are available on our company's website at timewarnercable.com/investors. A replay of today's call will be available beginning approximately two hours after the call has ended and will run through midnight Eastern Time, February 1. With that covered, I'll thank you and turn the call over to Glenn. Glenn?
Glenn Britt: Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. 2010 was a year of significant accomplishment for Time Warner Cable. We achieved healthy growth on the top line and delivered record free cash flow. At the same time, we enhanced our products and services, increased the sophistication of our marketing and accelerated the growth of our Commercial business. We also delivered on our shareholder-oriented capital allocation strategy. We returned more than $570 million through our dividend in 2010, and we have spent roughly $0.75 billion on a repurchase of our own shares since November. In addition, this morning, we announced an increase of 20% to our quarterly dividend. This increase is yet another signal of our confidence in our business, and reinforces our focus on returning capital to our shareholders while continuing to invest in long-term growth. We also made a lot of progress in our product offerings. We completed the deployment of video switches, enabling a dramatic increase in the availability of HD channels across our footprint. We launched Look Back, providing our digital customers with on-demand access to three days of programming on 59 networks using our network DVR technology. At the same time, we made our Movies On Demand offering even more attractive by doubling the day and date availability of new titles. We invested in a wireless broadband offering in 2010. The investment is providing us with key insights into the operation of a wireless business and how it fits with our Wireline business. In 2010, we continued our ongoing efforts to build a more vast marketing tools and additional analytical capabilities. Specifically, last year, we introduced a more sophisticated product pricing regime and our first products targeted at specific customer segments. We launched Signature Home broadly across our footprint in December, and we're currently engaged in trials of TV Essentials in New York City and Northeast Ohio. We expect this to be but the first in a series of products designed to more closely fit the individual needs of our customers. Now turning to 2011, we entered the new year with aggressive plans, and we're optimistic about our prospects, although weakness in employment and occupied housing will continue to provide a headwind. Competition isn't new to our business, and we expect continuing competitive pressures from the telephone and satellite companies in 2011. But with better products and better marketing than we've ever had before, we're ready. On the regulatory front, we'll continue to press for reform and retransmission consent where 20-year-old statutes effectively tipped the competitive scales of the broadcasters' favor. Regarding broadband regulation, we're pleased that we've avoided Title II Reclassification. However, many parties at both ends of the political spectrum remain unsatisfied, and we expect this issue to remain in the news. I'm really excited about our rapid progress in harnessing the power of consumer electronics devices to give our customers a better experience and more control as they use our services. Earlier this month, at the Consumer Electronics Show, we demonstrated our ability to deliver video directly to IP-connected devices, such a Smart TVs, tablets and Blu-ray players, all without the need for set-top boxes. This ability to deliver TV to virtually any device in the home is a logical extension of our video product. We expect to launch this capability in the coming months. For years, our video user interfaces have been constrained by the limited capabilities of set-top boxes. By taking advantage of more powerful consumer electronics devices, we can offer a much more compelling navigation experience, one that offers more functionality and is more aesthetically pleasing than anything we've done in the past. Perhaps most important, we're building processes that will enable us to rapidly update the user interface and response to customer feedback. We believe the ability to deliver video to all the screens in the home, a much improved user interface and all that, coupled with TV Everywhere capability, will address many of the perceived advantages of over-the-top video offerings. There is tremendous value in our broadband network. Our customers continue to use it for new applications, and they're demonstrating that they're willing to pay more as this utility in their lives expand. In the year ahead, we'll continue to invest in the network's capabilities in a variety of ways, including expansion of our DOCSIS 3.0 footprint, so that we can continue to be the best-in-class broadband provider. Our broadband network is also a flexible platform for new products, coupled with our installation and call center expertise, it provides us with an opportunity to enter the Home Monitoring and Security business. We've actually been in the Security business in parts of our footprint for many years. But recent advancements in technology have made the application much more interesting. We've trained installers in several cities, and this week, we began taking orders for our Smart Home Security product as part of a soft launch. We used the feedback we get from the early customers to fine-tune our product and processes, and we expect to launch this product broadly across our footprint later this year. In the commercial space, we're pleased that we grew revenues by more than 20%, breaking through the $1 billion level for the first time in 2010. However, we're not resting on our laurels, and we think we have the opportunity to create a lot more growth, both through the sale of existing products and by exploring new products and new segments. In summary, 2010 was a year of new products, accelerated growth and record free cash flow. We look forward to the challenges and opportunities of the new year, as we strive to better serve our customers and continue our quest to be the open, transparent, shareholder-friendly company that our owners expect. I want to acknowledge the terrific job that Rob has done as our CFO in the past three years. I have full confidence in him as he takes on the role of President and Chief Operating Officer. For the next several months, as we conduct the search for his successor as CFO, Rob will do double duty.  So now let me turn it over to Rob, who will give you some additional details on the financial performance.
Robert Marcus: Thanks, Glenn, and good morning, everyone. We've got a lot to cover, so let's jump right into our 2010 highlights on Slide 3. As Glenn said, 2010 was a really good year for Time Warner Cable. We grew full year revenues by over 5.5%, as residential subscription revenues increased nearly 4%, while commercial and advertising revenues each jumped over 20%. Adjusted OIBDA growth accelerated to nearly 6% in 2010, reflecting our strong revenue growth and slightly higher margins. Operating income was up over 11%. Adjusted OIBDA less CapEx increased 21%, and free cash flow was up over 19% to $2.3 billion or $6.35 per diluted share. Diluted EPS increased over 19% to $3.64, exceeding what we projected at the beginning of the year. True to our commitment, we continued to actively manage our balance sheet. We returned $1.1 billion of capital to our shareholders during 2010, paying cash dividends of $576 million and repurchasing $515 million of our common stock. And demonstrating our confidence in our business, this morning, we announced a 20% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.48 per share or $1.92 on an annualized basis. Let's move on to Q4 subscriber trends in the next slide. Before I get into the numbers, let me say a few words about the environment in which we're operating. While we've seen some modest improvement in certain macroeconomic indicators in several of our regions, overall, we continue to feel the effects of weak housing and high unemployment across our footprint. The competitive landscape also remained pretty much the same in Q4. The telcos continued their fiber build-outs, but probably at the slowest pace we've seen since they began. We estimate that U-verse is now marketing video to about 24% of our footprint and FiOS to about 10%. Marketing and promotional intensity among our telco and satellite competitors was pretty consistent with what we've seen in recent quarters. For our part, we broadly executed on our $33 x 3 Triple Play marketing program, targeting both new and existing customers. So let's turn to our sub performance. We added 94,000 high-speed data subscribers in the quarter, bringing total HSD subscriber base to over 9.8 million or 35.8% of passings. That's a five 5.5% year-over-year increase in our HSD sub base. Our residential HSD subscriber mix continued to improve, as customers continue to choose our higher-speed tiers. We added 147,000 Turbo and 5,000 Wideband or DOCSIS 3.0 customers. And for the first time this quarter, our total Turbo and Wideband subs combined exceeded our aggregate basic and light tier customers. Commercial HSD net adds were 11,000, which was more than 5x year-ago net adds. As I've previewed on our third quarter call, Digital Phone net adds rebounded strongly in the fourth quarter, as we more aggressively marketed the Triple Play bundle. Total Digital Phone net adds were 72,000, and we ended the quarter with almost 4.5 million total voice subscribers, 16.7% of homes passed and a 6.5% increase from the end of 2009. We had 11,000 Business Class Phone net adds in the quarter for a total of 111,000. That's more than double the number of subs we had 18 months ago. Video subscriber performance continued to be impacted by the challenging competitive and economic environment. For the quarter, we had a net decline of 141,000 video subscribers. The video sub declines were once again driven by losses in analog Single Play video customers. Actually, net additions for both digital video subscribers and bundled video subscribers were positive during the quarter. In addition, there were some signs of life in the Pay TV category, as we added 77,000 pay units. That's the first growth in pay units we've experienced in 10 quarters. Demand for DVR has also picked up in Q4. Net adds of 47,000 were significantly better than in Q3. Primary Service unit net adds were a positive 25,000 for the quarter, an improvement from the third quarter loss. PSU churn was flat year-over-year. As I mentioned, we continue to focus on getting customers into bundles and had 72,000 Triple Play net adds during Q4, up from 64,000 in last year's fourth quarter. At quarter end, just under 60% of our customers were either Double or Triple Plays. Once again, we fared much better with our more affluent customers, our highest income segments drove the net gains in Triple Plays, while our lower-income segments accounted for most of the declines in singles and doubles. Despite the challenging economic and competitive environment, full year 2010 PS unit additions were 344,000, with 515,000 HSD net adds and 278,000 Digital Phone net adds, offset by 449,000 video net losses. So far, this January's sub-performance looks a lot like January of 2010. But remember that the bulk of the net adds last year occurred in February and March, so it's still really early to project Q1 subs. Let's turn to our financial results and start with revenue on the next slide. Fourth quarter revenue increased 5.9% year-over-year to $4.8 billion, and full year revenue increased 5.6% to $18.9 billion. During the fourth quarter, total subscription revenue, that's residential and commercial combined, grew 4.6%, driven by increased PSUs and a 3.1% increase in subscription ARPU per PSU. Advertising revenue increased nearly 34%. In dollar terms, total revenues was $269 million higher than in Q4 '09, with $145 million of that growth coming from our Residential Subscription business, $68 million coming from Advertising and $56 million coming from Commercial. Let's first focus on residential subscription revenue on Slide 6. Fourth quarter residential subscription revenue grew 3.5%, and full-year residential subscription revenue grew nearly 4% year-over-year with both driven by a combination of subscriber growth, improved subscriber mix and price increases. Of the $145 million of year-over-year residential subscription revenue growth in Q4, HSD contributed 60% or $87 million, with video and Digital Phone contributing 25% and 15%, respectively. Year-over-year residential HSD revenue growth accelerated throughout the year, culminating in Q4 growth of 8.7% over last year's fourth quarter. The growth was driven by subscriber increases, as well as a year-over-year increase of close to 3% in residential HSD ARPU. This is the seventh consecutive quarter of year-over-year residential HSD ARPU improvement, as we benefited from price increases and the improved subscriber mix I talked about earlier. Residential video revenue increased as a result of price increases and higher digital video and DVR revenues, partially offset by the decline in video subs. Residential video ARPU increased nearly 5% from Q4 '09. Residential voice revenue grew 4.5% due to continued subscriber growth. Year-over-year ARPU declined just 1.2%, which was the smallest decline in the last couple of years. On a sequential basis, residential voice ARPU was pretty much flat. Now let's flip to commercial revenue on the next slide. We're very pleased with the progress we made in our Commercial business in 2010. We set out to deliver commercial subscription revenue growth of more than 20% for the year, and we did just that. Fourth quarter commercial revenue was just under $300 million, a 23% increase over Q4 '09, marking the highest-growth quarter of the year. Full year commercial revenue was more than $1.1 billion, up 21.1% versus 2009. Each of commercial data, Business Class Phone and cell tower backhaul contributed about 30% of the $56 million year-over-year revenue improvement in the fourth quarter, with video revenue accounting for the balance. Commercial data revenue increased almost 13%, driven by growth in shared and dedicated Internet access and Metro Ethernet revenue. Business Class Phone revenue increased nearly 73%, driven by subscriber growth, and cell tower backhaul revenue in the fourth quarter was $26 million. That's as much cell backhaul revenue as we generated for all of 2009. As of quarter end, our total installed base was 6,100 radios, and we had a meaningful backlog of radios under contract. We continue to make investments in our commercial capabilities throughout the year. And in 2011, we are focused on continuing to improve sales productivity and increasing service ability to expand the number of commercial establishments we reach. We expect these investments to enable us to continue to drive commercial revenue growth in 2011 at a rate similar to what we achieved in 2010. Moving to the next slide. We had a terrific year in advertising, topped off by a fourth quarter in which we generated an all-time high $269 million in ad revenue, up 33.8% over Q4 of 2009 and up 39% on a per video subscriber basis. Full year ad revenues of $881 million were 25.5% greater than in 2009. Strong political advertising certainly helped the cause. We generated $42 million in political advertising in the fourth quarter and $74 million for the full year. Political accounted for half the growth in the quarter and about 30% of the growth for the full year. That said, non-political advertising revenues grew strongly in their own right, up around 18% for the fourth quarter and the full year. In the fourth quarter, the automotive category generated a little over $50 million, and media advertising added about $45 million, both jumping well over 30% versus the fourth quarter of 2009. During the quarter, we they began to benefit from our new ad-rep deal with FiOS, under which we sell regional advertising on behalf of FiOS TV in the New York City, Los Angeles and Dallas markets in exchange for a percentage of the revenue generated. We expect that the FiOS deal and others like it will increasingly contribute to ad revenues in 2011. As we look forward, given strength in our core Advertising business and our new ad-rep deals, we do expect that we'll be able to grow ad revenues in 2011, despite the usual non-election year fall-off in political advertising. Let's turn to adjusted OIBDA on Slide 9. Fourth quarter adjusted OIBDA grew 1.6% to $1.7 billion, and full year adjusted OIBDA increased 5.9% to $6.9 billion, right in line with what we projected on our last earnings call. Full year margins improved 10 basis points. Total fourth quarter operating expenses grew 8.5% compared to the fourth quarter of 2009. The growth in OpEx and the resulting margin contraction and slowdown in adjusted OIBDA growth in the fourth quarter were driven by a number of items that I'll walk you through, several of which I've mentioned previously. First, bad debt expense was up in the quarter due to the reversal of a reserve in Q4 '09, which significantly lowered bad debt in that quarter. Similarly, casualty insurance expense increased year-over-year due to a favorable adjustment to casualty insurance expense in the fourth quarter of 2009. Next, fourth quarter employee expense was increased by an executive severance charge. Additionally, fourth quarter cost of revenues increased due to the reclassification of certain amounts previously recorded as depreciation. And finally, as expected, wireless losses and programming expenses grew faster in the fourth quarter than they did in prior quarters. In aggregate, these items accounted for a $90 million swing in year-over-year adjusted OIBDA. Programming expense increased 7.2% for the quarter, as video subscriber declines only partially offset contractual rate increases and incremental retrans costs. Remember that Q4 was the first full quarter under our new Disney contract. For the full year, programming costs increased 5.4% in aggregate and 8.2% on a per subscriber basis. We expect total programming cost growth will be in the same ballpark in 2011. Employee costs were up 3.9% year-over-year in Q4, reflecting higher commercial headcount and compensation expenses and the executive severance cost I mentioned earlier. Fourth quarter marketing expense of $166 million was $11 million higher than last year. Marketing spending for the fourth quarter and the full-year remained fairly constant at about 3.5% of revenues. Voice costs were up 5.5% due to growth in Digital Phone subscribers. As you may recall, during the fourth quarter, we began the process of in-sourcing various voice support functions. The financial benefits of this process will flow in as our Digital Phone subscribers are migrated to the new platform over the next several years. When we're all done, we expect to see our voice costs cut roughly in half. We continued to invest in wireless in Q4. As of today, we're offering our wireless data service in almost 3/4 of our footprint, and we have almost 15,000 subscribers. Still early days, but as Glenn mentioned, we're gaining key insights into the Wireless business, as well as the wireless needs and desires of our customers. Q4 wireless losses were approximately $20 million, and full-year losses were around $50 million. In 2011, we plan to continue investing in wireless, as well as several other new initiatives, including, as Glenn mentioned, our Smart Home Security offering. We expect our total 2011 startup losses from wireless, home security and other new business projects to be in the $75 million range. Before I move on to CapEx, I should note that operating income for the quarter increased 11.6% to $994 million, driven by higher adjusted OIBDA and decreases in depreciation and amortization expense. For the full year, operating income grew 11.2% to $3.7 billion. Looking forward to 2011, we expect once again to generate double-digit operating income growth. Turning to capital spending on Slide 10. As Glenn mentioned earlier, we continue to make great strides in enhancing our products and services in 2010. We completed the rollout of Switch Digital, launched Look Back across our footprint, deployed over 1.5 million HD set-top boxes, added to our DOCSIS 3.0 passings, continued the rollout of wireless data and invested heavily in our Commercial business, and we accomplished all this while still reducing the overall capital intensity of our business for the full year by 260 basis points to 15.5% of revenue. Our capital spending in the fourth quarter was $782 million, bringing our full-year CapEx to $2.9 billion, consistent with our full-year guidance and down approximately 9% from the full year 2009. Full year residential capital expenditures were 14.6% of residential revenue, and were down nearly 15% year-over-year to $2.5 billion, driven by declines in CPE, support capital and scalable infrastructure. Commercial CapEx was $470 million, up nearly 34%, with about 40% of the commercial CapEx attributable to expanding our cell tower backhaul footprint. Looking forward to 2011, we'll continue to spend more on our Commercial business as the residential capital intensity continues to decline. And once again, we expect that full year capital spending will be less than $3 billion. Onto cash flow on the next slide. Adjusted OIBDA less capital expenditures for the fourth quarter was $956 million, resulting in adjusted OIBDA less CapEx of $3.9 billion for the full-year 2010, a 21% year-over-year increase. Free cash flow for the quarter was $665 million, driving our full-year free cash flow to $2.3 billion or $6.35 per diluted share. Full-year free cash flow increased 19% over 2009, as higher adjusted OIBDA less CapEx and lower pension contributions and working capital requirements more than compensated for a jump in cash taxes of $351 million and an increase in cash interest of $138 million. Remarkably, for the full year, we converted more than 95% of incremental adjusted OIBDA into free cash flow. For 2011, including the benefit of the bonus depreciation, we're expecting another year of double-digit free cash flow growth. Turning to the next slide. Full year diluted earnings per share of $3.64 increased 19% from $3.05 in 2009 and exceeded the high end of the range we provided at the beginning of 2010. Looking forward, we expect that 2011 full-year diluted EPS will be in the $4.25 to $4.50 per share range. Moving to the balance sheet. During 2010, we returned $1.1 billion to shareholders through our dividend and share repurchase programs. We paid out $576 million or $1.60 per share in dividends, and bought back $515 million of common stock during November and December alone. Through yesterday, we repurchased almost $750 million worth of TWC common stock. Even after returning capital to shareholders, our year-end net debt and preferred equity totaled $20.4 billion, a reduction of $1.2 billion from year-end 2009. Our leverage ratio at year end was 2.96x. And last, but certainly not least, as Glenn discussed, we're very pleased to have announced this morning a 20% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.48 per share. That's $1.92 per share on an annualized basis, which at yesterday's closing stock price represents a 2.8% dividend yield. So to summarize. We performed very well in 2010 from an operational and financial perspective. We generated substantial free cash flow, invested in our business for future growth and returned a significant amount of capital to shareholders. And we entered 2011 well-positioned to compete and to deliver strong growth in operating income, free cash flow and EPS. Thank you. And with that, I'll turn it over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Rob. Candy, we're ready for Q&A. We would ask that each caller ask just a single question so that we can accommodate as many callers as time permits. First question, please?
Operator: Our first question is from Craig Moffett, Sanford Bernstein.
Craig Moffett - Bernstein Research: I'm going to break the rule and see if I can ask two. One is, I just wanted to see if you could update us on your thinking about usage-based pricing with the SEC having expressly validated usage-based pricing as a strategy. And then if you could also update us on your thinking about Clearwire and your own holdings in the AWS spectrum.
Glenn Britt: Craig, this is Glenn. I'll take both of those. First of all, on usage-based pricing, I think I've been pretty consistent over several years on that. The good thing about broadband is that the usage is growing very rapidly as it has ever since we started the business in 1996. So people are finding it more useful. They're doing different things that make their lives better. That has, and will over time, require incremental investment by all of the infrastructure providers. And I think that implies that over time, as speeds get faster and faster and what have you, that there'll be upwards pressure on prices. I think a corollary of that is there is clearly a distribution in how people use the Internet. Some use it a lot more, some use it a lot less. And I think you're going to see over time that people who use it less will desire and expect to pay less than people who use it more. For our part, obviously, we paid attention to the announcements by the SEC. We're watching the market, and you are seeing in the wireless space, the beginnings of volume-based pricing. So we'll keep touching that and stay tuned. On wireless, again, I think we've been pretty consistent. We are basically exploring whether packaging wireless data with our Wireline offerings is something that consumers want and if there's a formula that people want. So we're trying different models, different products, what have you. And to date, I would say our results are not very impressive and pretty inconclusive. So we're going to stick with that for a while. We're trying to spend not too much money while we're doing it. So that's basically what we're up to.
Robert Marcus: Craig, on the AWS spectrum, we have no current plans to divest of the spectrum or otherwise monetize it. And at this moment in time, we don't have specific plans to utilize it either. What I will say is that notwithstanding all that, we're always keeping our eye on what the market for spectrum is, and I would note the recent AT&T acquisition of the media flow spectrum from QUALCOMM, and I think the price was somewhere in the mid-$0.80 per megahertz pop, which is a pretty healthy number and certainly, more than what we paid for the AWS spectrum. And I would concede it's not exactly comparable spectrum, but I think it certainly bodes well for the value of what we're holding.
Operator: Next question, Jason Bazinet, Citi.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup Inc: I just have one question for anyone that would like to answer it. As far back as I can remember, the mix of sort of bundled customers versus Single Play has been pretty consistent with bundling rising and Single Play subs falling. This seems to be the first quarter where we saw sort of an inflection point where the Single Play subs actually increased. And I was just wondering, do you view that as an inflection point and indicative of broader trends? And if so, what trend are you seeing?
Robert Marcus: Yes, Jason, I think that what you're reacting to are some adjustments we made to our subscriber metrics in the quarter. In fact, bundled subs increased in the quarter and Single Play subs declined. The reason in the trending schedule as you might see that the percentage didn't increase is that we adjusted our sub-numbers, and this doesn't flow through the net add calculation, just affects the pending subs. But we decreased the number of Triple Play subs and increased our customer relationships, so both the numerator and denominator resulted in a lower-bundled percentage. But that's not reflective of activity in the quarter. As part of our consolidation into two regions, we're doing some work to standardize our subscriber counting methodologies and work to standardize across various instances of our billing systems, and that resulted in the adjustments to the sub counts . But it's really not reflective of what's going on organically in the business. Bundles continue to increase.
Operator: Next, Richard Greenfield, BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC: Question on the broadband side of the equation. Could you comment on whether you get paid right now by CDNs like Level 3 and Akamai, and whether as more and more video traffic gets dropped off at your door, whether charging for it or charging more for it is actually an opportunity, Netflix commented on this issue last time in their conference call, and so I was curious for your thoughts on the matter. And then just in terms of housekeeping, Rob, did you say that free cash flow would be up double digits from the $2,284 that was reported this year? And then you also just stopped reporting digital videos subs, I assume that was on purpose?
Glenn Britt: Well, let me deal with the first one, and then Rob can answer the second. There's been a lot of reading about Internet backbone economics recently in CDNs. And I think there's a lot of confusion about it. And quite frankly, the way that the economics of the money back and fourth is pretty arcane. But I think to simplify it, just start with the idea of the Internet is a collection of a bunch of privately-owned networks that are interconnected using standards. That's all it is, there's nothing -- the Internet per se doesn't exist. It's a collection of things. So each of these private networks generates traffic and receives traffic, and has different negotiated relationships with the people that it interconnects with. In general, if somebody is handing off and receiving roughly equivalent amounts of traffic, there's also an agreement not to charge because the bookkeeping is more expensive than what it's worth. But usually, if the traffic is out of balance, then whoever is delivering more traffic pays the other party. Again, I'm making broad generalizations. So that's how it works. And in the world of telecom, that's quite common, and that's how it's worked for many, many years. So there's nothing really new here other than people were delving into it in public more than they have before.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC: Well, but Glenn, it seems like there's an opportunity where the incoming traffic is a lot larger than the outgoing traffic, just given the explosion of video. And so is it fair to say that the opportunity to start getting paid more for that imbalance on your end is a substantial opportunity over the next couple of years?
Glenn Britt: I don't know if it's substantial. Again, the other interesting thing about it is the amounts of money that change hands in this whole space are pretty small. So it's something, but I would not say it's material or a big deal. And quite frankly, the fuss that's been made about it in the press is way overblown relative to the dollars involved.
Robert Marcus: Rich, on the two other questions you asked, the answer is yes, we're talking about double-digit free cash flow growth over the $2,284 that we disclosed for 2010. And as for Digital Video subscribers, while we haven't been proactively placing as much emphasis on digital recently, we added 6,000 digital customers. So we're not trying to be secretive about it in any way. It's just with certain markets becoming all-digital, it's just a less relevant number.
Operator: Next, John Hodulik, UBS.
John Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank: First, quickly, on the buyback, I may have missed it. But is this a good rate going forward for us to sort of factor that into the numbers? Then Glenn, you talked a little bit at the beginning about the move to use more consumer electronics in the home as opposed to a set-top boxes. Could you talk a little bit more about that initiative and maybe what the benefits you might see from both the financial and operational standpoint?
Glenn Britt: Sure, let me take the second one, and I'll refer the first one back to Rob. If you step way back from all of this, the only reason we have set-top boxes is that there are a vast array of TV receivers in place in people's homes. And most of them, historically, can't receive and display all of our services because they don't really have any intelligence. They're just display devices. And they receive all different -- they use all different standards and they have different kinds of input places and what have you. So the only reason we have set-top boxes is to make sure that our services can be displayed. So the set-top boxes have intelligence, they can do things like display program guides, and they can also decrypt signals that are encrypted for piracy protection. What we are seeing is a new generation of consumer electronics devices that have intelligence in them. And I think that's just going to get more and more as we go forward. That's number one. And number two, they are standardizing around a series of hardware inputs and around Internet Protocol, which is nothing but a bunch of standards. So that means that we can deliver television to those devices and deliver new innovative user interfaces that can be changed rapidly using these standards, so in effect, you get rid of the need for a set-top box, which we would just as soon not have in the first place. I think that we demonstrated this at CES. So couple of consumer benefits. One is, all of these devices, and there's an array of them, it's not just TVs, but it's tablets like the iPad and the Galaxy Tablet and so on. Blu-ray players now have this intelligence in them. So you're beginning to see, you can see video on any video display in the home. And all we have to do is simulcast using IP standards, just like we simulcast on analog and paid digital today. And then, we need to be able to redo our user interface very rapidly, which we can using our IP Internet kind of standard. So I think this is a win-win for the consumer. And for us, over a very long time period, as these devices replace all of the TVs that are in people's homes today, which is obviously a couple of decades at the minimum. But over a very long time period, we may be able to not have set-tops at all. And that means a less capital-intensive business, fewer service goals and happier consumers. So I think this is all good.
Robert Marcus: John, on the buyback question, I'm going to more or less say what I said on the third quarter call, when we announced the original authorization. We're going to disclose what we bought in each quarter in hindsight, but we're really not going to say much about going forward purchasing plans, except to say that the guiding principle here is managing the balance sheet to 3.25x, and that continues to be the driver.
Operator: Next, Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Glenn, I wanted to ask you about -- you made a lot of comments over the years about sort of arguing why the media companies should behave in a way that protects the broader ecosystem. And I think all those arguments make a lot of sense. And so when you sit here today and look at where we are, and shortly after you did your Disney deal, they did a deal with Netflix, I think Netflix added like 5 million, 5.5 million gross adds last quarter, over 1/3 were streaming only. And so I'm just wondering if you think that the industry is becoming more or less aligned? There is also an article in the Journal about Hulu launching a sort of virtual cable operator product if they can convince their owners to do it. And actually, when you think about your IP-delivered video service you were just talking about in the last question, and certainly, a lot of people could probably do that who don't necessarily own a network to sort of play the string out. So just curious, when you think about where the media companies are in your negotiations and you think about the contracts you're signing, are we in a better place or worse place than we were six, nine months ago? And what do you think is happening at the customer level as we get all these internet-connected TVs sold? And obviously, your product development path is aimed at trying to address a lot of that. I just wanted to get your thoughts on that big topic?
Glenn Britt: Sure. I think as whenever there's a lot of new technology running around, there's always a lot of confusion on all sides. So I think everybody in this space is a little confused about what's going to happen including consumers and companies, investors, et cetera. I actually think -- and we go through waves of this and we certainly went through one in the late '90s, and everybody gets enamored with new things. I think it is useful to step back and think about it all on a common sense way. So if you think about all forms of media, they are delivered in some physical way, going back to movies and movie theaters. And historically, those two -- the retailer sort of bundled together the content and the physicality. You don't go to a movie theater and pay one price to rent the seat and another one to buy the movie. You buy a ticket and you get both. So all of the things you're talking about are really attempts to separate the sale of content from the sale of the physical infrastructure. You need both. You can't survive without both. And really, what's happening is you're creating new middleman in a business that if you start at the production level, there's already a whole lot of middlemen. And I think the question is whether there is any real value added there by creating yet a new group of middlemen. And maybe all they have is better user interfaces, which is why we're addressing that. So I think it's all very alluring, but I think when you step back and say what's really going on here? Is there any real value being created? And therefore, is it sustainable? I think it's pretty questionable. So we'll see how it plays out, again, uses our infrastructure. So it's not a horrible thing for us at the end of today.
Operator: Next, Doug Mitchelson, Deutsche Bank.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess, first, Rob, if I aggregate your comments, it seems EBITDA margins in 2011 should be at least flat. Is that accurate? And sort of given the timing around Sprint and ESPN and political advertising throughout the quarters, are margins stable year-over-year throughout the year, or is there some volatility? And then not to take the over-the-top discussion too far, Glenn, but relative to the comments you just made, I would say Netflix certainly has created some value or new product in that. They're offering consumers content that they haven't been able to readily get at a price point that's pretty attractive. So, again, relative to your commentary, would you look at the content that Netflix has and think there's a business model for Time Warner Cable to acquire that content as well and offer to subscribers? Or do you think that maybe there will be some middlemen that create some incremental value?
Glenn Britt: Let me do the Netflix thing, and then Rob can do the margin question. I think it's dangerous to be too specific about a given company. But since you drove me into this, yes, Netflix started with a very clever model built on the first-sale doctrine. So I think most of you are familiar with that. But essentially, if you buy a DVD under the first-sale doctrine, you can rent it as many times as you physically can without paying for it again. So they're using a very clever interface on the web and the first-sale doctrine and the power of subscriptions, which we all know about. They built a wonderful business, which they now are trying to extend into online. And then the online part of that, what I said before, they have a wonderful interface, which anybody can hire a bunch of web designers and do that. I question what the ultimate value of that, what's the value add of what they're doing. So I'll stop with that.
Robert Marcus: Doug, on margins, I'm not going to be too specific about 2011 margins, I think you shouldn't expect any material deviation from what we have experienced over the last couple of years, and I'm certainly not going to get into quarter-by-quarter margins. I think you know the puts and takes and what flows in when and can probably draw the right conclusions.
Operator: We have Jessica Reif Cohen, BofA Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: Two questions, first, I was wondering if you could put a little more -- be more specific on TV Everywhere? What rights do you have for streaming outside of the home? And generally, just talk about your plans, your specific plans. And then on the subtrends, data was obviously a little bit soft in the fourth quarter. Do you think that's the overall market or is there a share shift going on between competitors? And Bob, you specifically -- you know, you said on the Q1 subtrends that -- I just wondering if your comment was across all product categories? Because if so, it seems like there'll be healthy sequential improvement at least in data and voice. So if you could just give a little more color on that, that would be great.
Glenn Britt: Jessica, I'll start with the TV Everywhere question. We have launched with the ESPN product, and I think I see TV Everywhere from the distributor view point as just a piece of offering services that are more flexible and give consumers more control. Meaning, that they get to see their video on every device and whenever they want and they have access to ever broader announced material. TV Everywhere is really directed at viewing over the Internet outside of the home. And in order to do that, we need to negotiate with all the rights holders. So we're engaged in doing that. I think there's been a lot of confusion about it. And there'll be more to come. And I know other distributors have made deals with different people than we have. So it's underway, but it's not quite there yet. The technology is not an issue, by the way. Rob, do you want to...
Robert Marcus: Yes, on data subs, I'm not sure I would agree, Jessica, with the characterization of the data net adds as soft. We did add another 94,000 units, comparing them to Verizon's HSD net adds yesterday, I think we were about twice as many on a footprint-adjusted basis, haven't had a chance to digest the AT&T numbers yet, but at least with respect to what we had through yesterday, performing comparatively well. And we did that well improving the mix and improving the ARPU. So we feel pretty good about HSD. In terms of your comment about extrapolating from my comments on January, I would counsel against that. While the comment I made about January looking like January of last year applies to all of the PSUs. Again, I would mention that, really, most of the net add activity last year was in February and March. So I think we have to wait for the months to play out.
Operator: Next, Laura Martin, Needham.
Laura Martin - Needham & Company, LLC: I want to look at capital spending here for a little bit. Lot of these capital spending numbers down 17% in the quarter and down 9% for the full year. And it occurred to me when we were talking about the commercial revenue, with commercial revenue at $300 million and $1.1 billion for the year. That capital spending, not only is going down, but is becoming more efficient. It feels like the capital efficiency is getting better. So, I'm interested, you said full year CapEx will be below $3 billion. I'm actually interested in you guys talking about the return on that capital, feels like it's going up as the mix shift away from residential and towards commercial. So if you could give us guidance on that, that would be interesting. And then, Glenn, when you we're going into your answer when you're talking about CES stuff, one of the questions that raised to my mind is, is there some reason you're constrained to your own footprint in this over-the-top solution that you were talking about at CES? Can you actually deliver this through the CE devices to a Comcast home, to their iTablet? Or is there some reason that this new technology to the CE continues to limit you to your existing cable footprint?
Glenn Britt: Let me deal with the last one, and then on the capital spending issue, there is a lot of moving pieces there, so I'm going to let Rob deal with that one. The answer to the question about the CE devices is that right now, we purchase the rights from the content companies to distribute programming inside our cable footprint. So that's what we're talking about doing. Clearly, as I think a couple of people pointed out earlier, this technology allows you to distribute beyond somebody's footprint over the public Internet. But that's quite different than what we're doing. We're using Internet standards, but we're using it within our cable system, and it's not the public Internet.
Robert Marcus: Laura, on the CapEx point, I agree with your takeaway. Not surprisingly, we've been investing in the Commercial business for the last couple of years fairly heavily, and we're now really starting to see the benefits of that investment. And as with any business that sort of has been an investment cycle. Once you start to generate revenue from the investments that you've made, you see a more favorable relationship between returns in the capital you're spending. So I think your takeaway is 100% spot on.
Laura Martin - Needham & Company, LLC: So with dollar invested in commercial, does it have twice the return on capital than residential or 50% better return?
Robert Marcus: I actually thought you were talking relatively speaking commercial against commercial. The returns on commercial, I've mentioned this before, the margins on the Commercial business are better. The capital profile is a little bit different. But on balance, I think your second point, which is that commercial returns on capital are better than residential are also accurate. I'm not going to give you a multiple.
Operator: Next, Stefan Anninger, Credit Suisse.
Stefan Anninger - Crdit Suisse AG: So you've seen very nice ARPU growth in HSD, and I believe you mentioned 3% growth as 4Q's residential growth. Can you talk a little bit about your continued ability to take price increases on your HSD products in 2011 and beyond? And then just a quick follow-up and you may be hesitant to do this given your discussion earlier about margins, but could you provide a bit of guidance as to how to think about the long-term potential for voice margin improvement as you move away from your agreement with Sprint?
Robert Marcus: Okay, so on HSD price increases, first of all, I would mention that the ARPU improvement in residential HSD in particular is the product of two phenomena, one is the price increases, the other is that we are seeing improved mix in our HSD subscriber base towards the higher speed tiers, which generate more revenue dollars. On price increases, I think Glenn hit this in various of his comments. But as customers continue to use HSD for more bandwidth-intensive applications and require more and more speed and place a greater value in short on what it is we're offering, it stands to reason that, that value will correlate with their willingness to pay more for the service. So we feel that, that should drive an ability to increase prices going forward. With respect to voice, the process by which we migrate away from the Sprint contract and onto our own platform for providing support functions will occur over really the next four years through 2014. So the first year where we'll see the full run rate, full year benefit of the entire project is 2015. And what I've said is that when we get to that point in time, we'll see our voice costs essentially cut in half. It's probably best to speak of it in those terms because margins carry with it some assumptions about revenue, and I don't think we're prepared to make those assumptions over a five-year time horizon.
Operator: Jason Armstrong, Goldman Sachs.
Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Can you comment on early uptake you're seeing in the TV Essentials package, and maybe help us think through the path here in terms of the push into other markets. And then, does it make sense to evolve it into maybe a package essentials with low-end broadband or look for different varieties that maybe have a bit more category depth in terms of video content?
Glenn Britt: Those are all good questions, and it's really too early to address -- it's not too early to address them, but it's really too early to talk about it. We're testing this in two markets, in New York and in Northeast Ohio. The tests are not that old at this point, so stay tuned. We'll report back when we have more data.
Tom Robey: Candy, I think that's probably all we have time for this morning. Thanks, gentlemen, for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Glenn Britt - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Tom Robey - IR Landel Hobbs - Chief Operating Officer Robert Marcus - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: John Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank Bryan Kraft - Evercore Partners Inc. Vijay Jayant - Citadel Securities, LLC Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley James Ratcliffe - Barclays Capital Jason Bazinet - Citigroup Inc Stefan Anninger - Crdit Suisse AG Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG Thomas Eagan - Collins Stewart LLC Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Craig Moffett - Bernstein Research
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Time Warner Cable Third Quarter 2010 Earnings. [Operator Instructions] Now I will turn the call over to Mr. Tom Robey, Senior Vice President of Time Warner Cable, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Candy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Time Warner Cable's 2010 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This morning, we issued two press releases, one detailing our 2010 third quarter results, and the other announcing our share repurchase program and the declaration of our regular quarterly dividends. Before we begin, there are several items I need to cover. First, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures, including operating income before depreciation and amortization or OIBDA. In addition, we refer to adjusted OIBDA and adjusted OIBDA less capital expenditures. Definitions and schedules setting out reconciliations of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release or our trending schedules. Second, today's announcement includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by statements herein due to various factors, including economic, business, competitive, technological, strategic and/or regulatory changes that could affect our business. These factors are discussed in detail in Time Warner Cable's SEC filings, including its most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Time Warner Cable is under no obligation to, and in fact, expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. And finally, today's press release, trending schedules, presentation slides and related reconciliation schedules are available on our company's web site at timewarnercable.com/investors. A replay of today's call will be available beginning approximately two hours after the call has ended and will run through midnight Eastern Time on August 9. And with that covered, I'll thank you and turn the call over to Glenn. Glenn?
Glenn Britt: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. We had a good third quarter, in which we grew revenues and adjusted OIBDA roughly 5% and 6%, respectively. ARPU growth was strong. In fact, total ARPU per customer relationship increased almost 7%. Our Commercial Services and Advertising businesses continued to accelerate with year-over-year revenue growth rates of approximately 22% and 23%, respectively. Consistent with our comments during the quarter, subscriber net adds grew weaker than we've seen before. These results reflect the weak economy, with continuing high rates of unemployment and housing vacancies, as well as a very competitive marketplace. The impact wasn't uniform. Some services fared better than others. Our high speed data product performed the best on a relative basis and our customers continued to choose faster speeds. In terms of the bottom line, we generated $1 of EPS in the quarter for the first time since becoming a public company. And through the first nine months of the year, we have generated more than $1.6 billion of free cash flow. When we went public three and a half years ago, we had set out to build a company that is consistent, transparent and shareholder-friendly. We followed through in a series of steps, starting with our separation from Time Warner Inc. and our payment of a $10.9 billion special dividend. Since then, we've been steadfastly committed to a leverage target of 3.25x adjusted OIBDA and we've been consistent in our public statements that as we delevered below 3.25x, we would return capital to our shareholders. In keeping with this strategy, we announced regular dividend this last January with the yield at announcement of 3.7%. Despite strong appreciation of our stock price in the intervening nine months, our yield remains well above our cable and satellite years. As a result of our continuing progress, we're now positioned to return even more capital to our shareholders. This morning, we announced that our board has authorized a $4 billion share repurchase program. This repurchase program, in conjunction with our regular dividend, once again reflects our confidence in the strength and stability of the company's free cash flows. In operations, we are redoubling our focus on the customer experience to further improve our competitive position. A number of very exciting products and services that have been in the incubation process are now poised for release. These new capabilities support our 4 Anys framework, that is the notion that our customers want access to any content any time, anywhere and on any device. Consistent with the anywhere and anytime aspects, we have launched our Remote DVR Manager to much of our footprint including New York City and whole home DVRs available in some systems and will be broadly available by year-end. We're proud to be the first multichannel provider to offer ESPN to our customers via TV Everywhere capability. Last week, we debuted authenticated access to ESPN3 and the ESPN linear feed for customers who subscribe to a video tier that includes ESPN. In the near future, we plan to offer access to ESPN2, ESPNU and the new ESPN goal line and the ESPN Buzzer Beater through the same process. This gives our customers an unprecedented level of access from multiple locations and devices to great live sports content. We plan to add more content from a wide range of networks to our TV Everywhere capability in the near future. In addition, we are on the cusp of harnessing the power of consumer electronics products in the home. In the not-too-distant future, our customers will have the opportunity to use their iPad as a remote control. And we're working on infrastructure that could enable customers to enjoy our entire video product on any IP-connected device in the home. On a different front, we've been very pleased with our signature home offering in Charlotte. Signature home is a feature-rich, triple-play offering targeted at high ARPU customers who want all of our best-in-class products and who demand a much more personalized service experience. It's been rolled out across much of our footprint in the coming weeks. In addition, we're planning to complement this high-end suite of services with a budget-oriented video offering, consistent with our belief that some customers would like a smaller package. In summary, the company is doing well. We're introducing important new offerings that we think will give our customers control in ways that are simple and easy. We are performing well financially despite the economic and competitive climate, and our efforts are paying off in the generation of strong free cash flow. And all of these makes it possible for us to return a large amount of capital to our shareholders through regular dividends and the share repurchase program that we announced this morning. Next, Rob will give you additional details on our financial performance.
Robert Marcus: Thanks, Glenn, and good morning, everyone. As usual, I'll start with the third quarter highlights on Slide 3. Third quarter revenues grew over 5% year-over-year as residential subscription revenues increased 3.5% and Commercial and Advertising revenues each jumped about 22%. Despite the tough economic and competitive climate which negatively affected subscriber growth in the quarter, our ARPU per customer relationship rose 6.6% year-over-year to more than $109. Adjusted OIBDA grew almost 6% in the quarter, reflecting our strong revenue growth and improved margins. Through the first nine months of the year, adjusted OIBDA less CapEx increased almost 20% and free cash flow was up over 8%. EPS of $1 marked a record since becoming a public company. With three quarters of the year behind us, we are on track to meet or exceed all of the elements of our full year guidance. I'll provide some updates on the guidance as I walk through the financials. And last but certainly not least, as Glen discussed, we are very pleased that our board has authorized a $4 billion share repurchase program. Before we review our operating results, let's turn to Slide 4 so I can provide some color on the share repurchase plan. As we've been saying, since our separation from Time Warner, our target leverage ratio is 3.25x. At quarter end, we were just under 3x and going forward, our strong free cash flow and OIBDA growth would reduce our leverage even further absent additional returns of capital to shareholders. So in the interest of managing to our leverage target, we are initiating a $4 billion share repurchase program to complement our regular dividend. We showed you a chart like the one on Slide 4 about nine months ago when we announced the initiation of our regular dividend. At that time, we pointed out that our initial dividend yield of 3.7% was much higher than the average dividend of dividend-paying S&P 500 companies, and was among the highest yields of companies initiating a dividend in the last five years. Similarly, as the chart shows, our buyback authorization is large. At $4 billion, the program provides us the capacity to repurchase up to almost 20% of our total market Cap at today's stock price. That's higher than our peers and larger than nearly 95% of the more than 600 share repurchase authorizations announced in the first nine months of this year. We're not announcing a timeframe for completing the repurchase program as the timing of our purchases will be dictated by market conditions, as well as other factors. We'll obviously be reporting our monthly share repurchase activity each quarter and that will provide you a good indicator of the pace of which we're buying. So getting back to Q3 performance, let's look first at our Subscriber results. During the quarter, we continued to grow our high-speed data subscribers and take share from the telcos. We increased total HSD subs by 104,000 bringing our total HSD subscriber base to over 9.7 million, a 5.9% year-over-year increase. At quarter end, 35.6% of homes passed took our HSD products. We also continued to see a shift in the mix of our residential HSD subscriber base to our higher-speed tiers. Customers taking our Turbo offering increased by 123,000, and subscribers taking our Wideband or DOCSIS 3.0 tier grew by 4,000. About 13% of our residential HSD subscribers now take either the Turbo or DOCSIS 3.0 product. Commercial HSD net adds more than doubled year-over-year to 9,000. We added 34,000 Residential and Commercial digital phone customers during the quarter, bringing our total voice subscriber count to over 4.4 million, approximately 16.5% of homes passed and a 7% increase from the end of Q3 '09. We added 12,000 Business Class Phone customers in the quarter for a total of 102,000, an increase of more than 75% since the end of Q3 '09. As we stated during the quarter, our video subscriber performance in particular was negatively affected by the challenging competitive and economic environment, and in particular, high unemployment, high housing vacancy rates and anemic new home information. For the quarter, we lost 155,000 residential and commercial video subscribers. The video sub declines were primarily driven by losses in analog Single Play video customers. As a result of the video subscriber losses, total Primary Service Units declined by 17,000 for the quarter. The good news, however, is that year-over-year video sub performance and in turn, total PSU performance, did improve in each month of the quarter. August was better than July and September was better than August. So far in the fourth quarter, subscriber performance is looking better than in the third quarter. In fact, we've already added more voice customers in Q4 than we did in all of Q3. Overall though, PSU net adds continued to be below year ago levels. For the quarter, video and voice gross connects were down versus last year's third quarter while HSD connects were actually up year-over-year. Churn was flat to down year-over-year in each PSU category. Especially given the absence of new occupied homes to sell to, we continue to focus on migrating customers into bundles. As a result, we added 15,000 double play customers and 14,000 triple play customers. At quarter end, over 59% of our customers took more than one PSU, with more than a quarter of our subscribers taking all three PSUs. Turning to our financial results, let's start with revenues on the next slide. Third quarter revenues increased 5.2% year-over-year to $4.7 billion. Total subscription revenues, residential and commercial combined, grew 4.5%, driven by increased subscribers and a roughly 6% increase in subscription ARPU per customer relationship. Advertising revenues increased 22.5%. In dollar terms, total revenues were $236 million higher than in Q3 '09, with $144 million of that growth coming from our Residential Subscription business, $51 million coming from Commercial and $41 million coming from Advertising. Let's focus on our Residential subscription revenues on Slide 7. Residential subscription revenue grew 3.5% year-over-year, driven by a healthy mix of price and volume increases. Residential HSD revenues were up 8.5% or $84 million from last year's third quarter, driven by sub growth, as well as a year-over-year increase of over 2% in Residential HSD ARPU. This is the sixth consecutive quarter of year-over-year Residential HSD ARPU improvement as we benefited from price increases, and more subscribers taking premium tiers of service. Residential video revenues increased $42 million, driven by price increases, and higher digital video and DVR revenues, partially offset by a decline in video subscribers and lower transactional VOD revenues. Our Movies On-Demand business grew 11.5% over last year's third quarter, reflecting increased buys and higher revenue per buy. But our overall transactional VOD revenues were way down by declines in adult and event revenues. Residential video ARPU increased nearly 5% from Q3 '09. Residential voice revenues grew almost 4%, driven by subscriber growth, partially offset by a year-over-year ARPU decline of just over 2.5%, which was actually the smallest decline this year. On a sequential basis, residential voice ARPU was pretty much flat. Now let's flip to Commercial revenues on the next slide. Commercial subscription revenue growth accelerated for the third consecutive quarter to over 21.5%, remaining on pace to achieve the better than 20% full year commercial revenue growth that we discussed at the beginning of the year. The growth was balanced across Data, Business Class Phone and cell tower backhaul, with each contributing roughly 30% of the growth, the remainder came from video. Commercial data revenue increased almost 12.5%, driven by growth in shared Internet access, dedicated Internet access and Metro ethernet revenues. Business Class Phone revenues increased nearly 80%, driven by subscriber growth and cell tower backhaul revenues more than tripled versus Q3 '09. Moving on to Advertising revenues. Our surge in ad sales business continued to drive a disproportionate share of our total revenue growth in the third quarter, rising 22.5% over last year. Advertising revenues per video subscriber increased about 27% to $5.89. The auto category accounted for a about a quarter of total ad sales and about a third of the year-over-year growth. The media and entertainment category contributed about 20% of the growth and political ad sales were responsible for roughly 15% of the growth. Year-to-date through the end of Q3, we've generated about $32 million of political ad dollars. Through the first nine months of the year, our Advertising revenues have grown just over 22%. With continued strength in our core Advertising business, and the benefit of additional political spending, leading us to this week's elections, we're on pace to easily surpass our initial estimate of 15% growth for the full year. Let's turn to adjusted OIBDA on Slide 10. Third quarter adjusted OIBDA grew 5.7% to $1.7 billion. Our margin improved 10 basis points year-over-year to 36.2%. Total third quarter operating expenses grew 5% compared to last year. Employee costs were up 4% year-over-year, reflecting higher headcount and compensation expenses, especially in our Commercial business, partially offset by lower pension expense. Programming expense increased only 3.5%. That's less than we had anticipated due to video sub losses and some items described in our press release which reduced year-over-year growth by about $20 million. Year-to-date programming costs have grown less than 5%, but we expect growth to accelerate in Q4 and full year programming costs growth should land in the 5.5% to 6% range. Third quarter programming cost per video subscriber increased 6.8% year-over-year. Marketing expense of $156 million was higher than last year, but in line with the marketing spend over the last few quarters. Voice costs were up 4% due to growth in digital phone subscribers. As we previewed earlier in the year, we have begun the process of in-sourcing various voice support functions. We expected that about half of our voice subs will be migrated by the end of next year, with the balance moving over the following three years. The financial benefits of this move will begin to show up next year and over time, should be pretty meaningful. We continued to invest in our Wireless business during Q3, incurring about $15 million of wireless losses which reduced our adjusted OIBDA growth by almost a full percentage point and our margin by roughly 30 basis points. We are still expecting full year Wireless losses in the $50 million zone. You'll recall that restructuring is excluded from adjusted OIBDA. Restructuring costs were $44 million through September 30, year-to-date and we anticipate another $15 million or so in the fourth quarter. Based on our year-to-date performance and our outlook for Q4, including higher year-over-year programming, bad debt and casualty insurance expense growth, and larger Wireless losses, we now expect the full year adjusted OIBDA growth will come in around 6%. Turning to capital spending on Slide 11. Capital intensely declined for the fourth consecutive quarter, as third quarter CapEx came in at $676 million or 14.3% of revenues. Third quarter residential capital expenditures were down more than 15% year-over-year to $563 million, driven by declines in scalable infrastructure, CPE and support capital. Once again, in the quarter, we continued to invest more in our fast growing Commercial business. Commercial CapEx was $113 million, up about 24%, with about half the growth attributable to expanding our cell tower backhaul footprint. Through the first nine months of the year, CapEx was $2.1 billion or 15.3% of revenues, down from over 17% of revenues in the first nine months of 2009. As usual, we expect Q4 will be the highest CapEx quarter of the year. But we're very comfortable that capital expenditures for the full year will be less than $3 billion. On to cash flow on the next slide. Adjusted OIBDA less capital expenditures for the third quarter was $1 billion, resulting in adjusted OIBDA less CapEx of nearly $3 billion for the first nine months of 2010, a nearly 20% year-over-year increase. Given our year-to-date performance, we continued to expect our full year adjusted OIBDA less CapEx will increase around 20% over 2009. Free cash flow for the quarter was $396 million, driving our nine month free cash flow to $1.6 billion or $4.50 per diluted share. Free cash flow was 8% higher than in the first nine months of 2009 as higher adjusted OIBDA less CapEx and lower pension contributions more than compensated for a jump in cash taxes of $333 million and an increase in cash interest of $159 million. As you model Q4 free cash flow, remember that the recent Small Business Jobs Act extended bonus depreciation retroactive to the beginning of this year. That should reduce to zero, our fourth quarter Federal estimated tax payment. I'd also point out that we may make additional pension contributions in the fourth quarter. Turning to the next slide. Diluted earnings per share were $1, an all-time high for Time Warner Cable since becoming a public company and 32% higher than the last year's third quarter. Through the first three quarters, diluted EPS was $2.55, up 19% over the same period last year. Given our EPS performance through the first nine months, we now expect to exceed the high end of the $3.25 to $3.50 per share range that we provided at the beginning of this year. Finally, moving to the balance sheet. At quarter end, our net debt and preferred equity totaled $20.5 billion, a reduction of $1.1 billion from year-end 2009 despite our having paid out $432 million in regular dividends. Our leverage ratio at quarter end was 2.99x. Just yesterday, we entered into a new three-year $4 billion revolving credit facility which replaced the $5.875 billion facility that was set to mature in February 2011. We provide more information about the new facility in our 10-Q, but suffice it to say that we're very pleased with the terms. We now have no debt maturities until 2012. So with that said, let me quickly summarize. We delivered another quarter of solid financial results, with accelerating commercial and advertising revenue growth, as well as stable residential revenue growth. Our free cash flow continued to grow at a healthy pace despite higher cash taxes and interest payments. As a result, we continued to reduce our leverage and create greater financial capacity, enabling us to launch our $4 billion share repurchase program. With that, I'll turn it over to Landel.
Landel Hobbs: Thanks, Rob, and good morning. From an operational perspective, we're performing well in all areas of our business, residential, commercial and advertising. Over the next few minutes, I'll share with you some of the progress we're making in each of these areas. We'll start with Residential. On the competitive front, the telephone companies continued to expand their number of homes passed, although in our footprint, the rate of increase, similar to last quarter, has continued to slow. We estimate that at the end of September, AT&T's U-verse product was available to approximately 23% of our homes passed, up from 22% a quarter earlier. Verizon FiOS offering continued to be available to about 10% of our passings. The competitive intensity in Q3 was about the same or slightly more aggressive than in the second quarter. On the video side of the business, we continued to see very little expansion of multichannel video homes on an industry-wide basis. This is consistent with the ongoing weakness in the macroeconomic environment. Our third quarter video losses were driven primarily by lower connects. In particular, we have under indexed in low-end segments. Most of these households appeared to be going to satellite or leaving the pay TV category entirely. We also saw some increase in disconnects among subscribers who signed up during last year's over the year digital TV transition. By and large, similar to what we saw on the connect side, these subs win our two lowest value segments. On the other hand, we've been performing well in high-end, high-ARPU segments. And by the way, we haven't been able to identify any increase in video cord cutting related to over-the-top video. A couple of examples. First, as Rob mentioned, our video losses in the quarter were driven by Single Play video customers. And second, our video high-speed data Double Plays actually increased in the quarter. That's the opposite of what we'd expect to see of the remaining for cord cutting. And another example, we look at college towns like Austin, Texas and Columbus, Ohio in our footprint to examine the pieces that video cord cutting among students might have contributed to weaker connect volume this quarter. It turns out that college enrollment is flat this year compared to last and our video connect volumes were also flat. So we'll continue to monitor cord cutting but haven't found evidence where we might expect to see it. Turning to broadband. We continued to compete very well in Q3. AT&T's promotional pricing of its six megabit per second DSL service at $19.95 a month appears to have reduced the exodus of DSL subs. However, on a footprint-adjusted basis, our 104,000 broadband net additions were around 50% higher than the two big telcos, demonstrating that we continued to take share in Q3. In voice, we continued to take share from the telcos in Q3 albeit at a slower rate than we would like. We recently have adjusted Triple Play bundled marketing and pricing in our East region to good effect. We actually seen year-over-year improvement in digital phone net adds in recent weeks. With that as a backdrop, let me highlight several initiatives that we expect to further enhance the competitiveness of our products. First, I'd be remiss if I didn't update you on our high definition product. As we indicated last quarter, we completed the implementation of video switching in New York City, and as a result, we now have 156 HD channels in the city. Nationwide, our weighted average is now over 110. This demonstrates the ability of our infrastructure in meeting customer's needs. We've lost Remote DVR Manager across our footprint and it's now available to more than 3 million DVRs. And this week, there's a lot of excitement around our mobile Internet product as we launched our combined 4G/3G wireless service in New York City. It delivers speeds up to six megabits per second, 5x faster than 3G, making it one of the fastest mobile broadband networks available. With our wireline Time Warner cable Internet, mobile Internet and Wi-Fi offerings, our customers in New York City will now have three different ways to access our broadband service with varying degrees of speed and mobility, making it the most complete and flexible broadband offering. In conjunction with our recent mobile Internet launch, we are offering new packages, including a tier that provides 250 megabytes per month on our for the 4G/3G network for under $20 when bundled with our wireline service. In the coming months, availability of the service will expand further as we launch in Cleveland in early December and LA just after year end. In voice, we've launched VoiceZone in nearly our entire footprint including, as of a couple of weeks ago, New York City. VoiceZone is a web portal where subscribers can manage their home voicemail and phone features anywhere, anytime. It enables them to receive their voicemail as an e-mail attachment and has a number of innovative features including caller ID on the PC. In Charlotte, we've been very pleased with our signature home, a new bundled offering targeted at our high-end ARPU segments who want all of our best-in-class products and who demand a more personalized service experience. We're seeing a nice ARPU uplift of upgrading customers and we also are pleasantly surprised that substantial amount of the incremental revenue is coming from customers new to Time Warner Cable. The offering looks like a real winner and you can expect to see it arrive in much of our footprint including New York City in the coming weeks. In the more value- and budget-oriented segments, we've heard loud and clear that customers would like more flexibility in video packaging, particularly in the availability of smaller packages. I want to tease you a bit here because we're not quite ready to make the announcement, but you can expect to see us introduce a video offering that is targeted at more value and budget-oriented segments in the very near future. Turning now to Commercial. In the SMB market, Time Warner Cable competes primarily with ILECs. In some cases, telcos are increasing DSL speeds to compete against our broadband speeds. In other cases, they're offering a low-price promotion to attract customers, but AT&T and Verizon are also incenting businesses to incorporate national wireless voice and data plans as a way to differentiate their bundles from cable. In the midmarket, Time Warner Cable offers a variety of voice and data products across metro networks that compete with both ILECs and CLECs. The telcos are now paying greater attention to protecting this installed base, had introduced their more complex enterprise-class products into the midmarket. In this competitive environment, we're very comfortable with our ability to compete and grow rapidly in both the SMB and midmarket. On the product front, we've done a very good job in the past two years in building out a comprehensive Internet and phone solution set for small and medium businesses. This quarter, we filled a long-standing need to update our video solution for the hospitality vertical. Our new HD video for hospitality product enables us to deliver a consistent HD video and music lineup across our footprint while maintaining compatibility with a variety of interactive service providers in the space including Loginet. The service are delivered over either fiber or coax and is targeted initially at hotels with room counts above 100. In cell tower backhaul, we continued to do very well. We installed service to almost 500 radios in the third quarter to raise the total installed base to more than 5,000. In addition, we have contracts on a large number of radios that will keep our installation crews busy well into 2011. Turning next to Advertising. As Rob indicated, we're having a terrific year in Advertising. Revenues are up 22% in the first nine months of the year and we're seeing strength in almost every category. Core Advertising growth, which excludes political, was very strong in Q3, posting growth at 20% year-over-year. I'd remind you that the strong political year we're experiencing currently won't repeat in 2011. Certainly, our strong performance reflects broader industry trends and the midterm elections. However, it also results from investments we made during the recent downturn and building new relationships and growing categories as well as improved execution. One area in which we're just now beginning to see the fruits of our labors is the use of data. We now have access to and are using anonymized data from set-tops to help advertisers make better decisions about where to place their spots. All of this data is collected and presented in a way that completely protects the privacy of individual subscribers. It's early doing, but I'm pleased to report that our Advertising customers are very excited about the new capability, and frankly we are, too. With the industry nearing its objective of 25 million EBIF enabled households by year-end, Canoe is closer to its goal of a truly national ITV solution. Six cable networks are planning to employ its request for information capability in the coming months. We continue to be enthusiastic about the value that Canoe can unlock. Before I conclude, let me say a few words on our identity refresh. You're probably aware that following our spinoff from Time Warner, we considered changing the name of the company. However, after conducting brand research, we recognized there's great value in both the name Time Warner Cable and our pioneer symbol. As a result, we've decided to keep them both. Although we've refreshed and updated the logo, fonts and colors, you'll start to see it over time in all of our communications, especially as you may have may seen it this morning in Rob's presentation slides or when you visited our website for the conference call. But please be assured that we're not buying hundreds and millions of dollars in media and rewrapping all of our trucks overnight. We'll do most of this in the normal course of business and you won't see a huge bulge on our marketing budget. So in summary, we have performed well, in Residential, Commercial and Ad sales in the third quarter. We're adding some terrific new capabilities to our products which we expect to further enhance our competitiveness. Thank you. And with that, I'll turn it over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call.
Tom Robey: Great, thanks, Landel. Candy, we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. We would ask each caller to ask a single question so that we can accommodate as many callers as time permits.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have Doug Mitchelson, Deutsche Bank.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: One, so Rob, I guess I appreciate the guidance on EBITDA for the full year but through the around 6% comment culminating from 0.6% growth in 4Q EBITDA, the 3.5% growth, that's a pretty wide range. So two questions. Are you willing to tighten that up a bit? Should we think middle of that range? And does the margin pressure you see in 4Q change the way you would suggest investors should look at 2011 and beyond or I think the general outlook is flat margins for you in the industry? Is what you see in 4Q is something that we should think about impacting 2011?
Robert Marcus: Doug, I'm not going to tighten up the range, but I think you're in the right -- the middle of the range is the right zone, but I'm not going to get too much tighter. The drivers of that -- let me go through them because they're all cost driven and they're all or at least several of them are kind of one-time in nature. Let's start with bad debt. You may remember that in 2009, with the economy being what it was, we actually increased our allowance for doubtful accounts. As we closed out 2009, we took a fresh look at that number and actually reversed it. So we have a tough year-over-year comparison on the bad debt front which won't repeat itself. Programming costs, we've talked about this before, but we expect the growth in -- it'll be the first full quarter under our new Disney deal. So that has an impact on programming costs. On casualty insurance, which is another kind of comparison issue, again, we had an adjustment in Q4 of '09 that will cause that to be a tough comparison, again, shouldn't repeat itself. And the last element is that we'll continue to spend on our Wireless business and a lot of the spend is back loaded, so we'll have more spending in Q4 than we did in the other quarters of the year. So I'm not sure I would draw any conclusions about growing forward margins from that.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: As you look forward with programming cost pressure, do you think that something you can manage through on the video side?
Robert Marcus: It's the same old issue we've always had, Doug. It's hard not to acknowledge that programming costs growth continues to outpace video revenue growth, but there's enough other positive things on the margin side, including a positive shift in revenue mix that we feel good about our ability to manage margins.
Operator: Next, Craig Moffett, Sanford C. Bernstein.
Craig Moffett - Bernstein Research: I know you said you couldn't tell us too much about the low-end packages that you teased us with, Landel. But Glenn, maybe you can at least tell us a little bit about what kind of reception you've gotten from programmers as you've tried to introduce lower end packages and kind of how you see that fitting strategically into what you're trying to do?
Glenn Britt: I think first of all, you've actually written about this a lot, there is certainly a segment of our economy and our population that is under economic duress and we think it's important for this broader industry, meaning programmers and distributors, to be responsive to that. I've been talking about that for a long time. So we have sought in our programming negotiations which are ongoing with all sorts of people to get more flexibility around that. Obviously, going the other way, in the Programming business, their cost tend to be somewhat fixed so if they're facing smaller audiences and/or a smaller subscription, that's a big problem for them. So it's natural for those companies to resist. So there's a balance in this and I would just leave it to say, we have negotiated some additional flexibility beyond what we had a few years ago that will allow us to begin to offer some smaller packages or lower prices. Probably not all the way where we would like to be, but we're moving in the right direction.
Operator: Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Glenn, as you look at the TV Everywhere project rolling out, obviously, with the ESPN, it's a one year feed, but I think a year from now it'll probably be linear On-Demand, remote DVR. There's a lot of functionality that is coming to the product that hasn't existed to the set-top box before. And with devices like tablets, you create the ability to search in a way that's never been available on the set-top as well. So I'm wondering how far away are we from being able to integrate all that to the television set? Because a lot of this stuff today sort of has the -- sort of a PC product, maybe a mobile product and a television product, it seems like the big win and maybe I'm wrong. Disagree with me if you want, but the big win could be for the industry to bring all this to the television, it adds a whole level of interactibility and customization that hasn't been there before. So how far away are we from that? Do you think that's where we're headed?
Glenn Britt: I think we're right on the cusp of that. And I'll try to give you a short answer because I could talk about this for the whole rest of the time. But there's obviously a lot of new product introduction both from the CE industry and from what used to be the IT industry and sometimes they look the same. And what we need to do is make sure that our services on all the devices take advantage of the functionality. So I mentioned the idea of using an iPad as a remote which we've been working on for a while. There's a clip on YouTube that shows a demo of an early prototype. You are starting to see in the market and I think you're going to see much more robust way TV sets that directly offer IP connectivity. And as I said in my remarks, we want to create the infrastructure so that our video services can be delivered directly to those TV sets in the home. That's not really so dramatic, it's just like going from analog to digital, et cetera. Those TVs to the extent they start having more intelligence, and the first ones may not have a browser, but the later ones will. I think we'll be able to display a lot more interesting program interfaces, user interfaces. Some of that software may be moved back into the network instead of the DS device. But all of this means that consumers are going to get better experience and I think over time, without set-tops, which is an interesting factor also. So that's my attempt at a fairly short answer.
Operator: Jason Armstrong, Goldman Sachs.
Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I know you didn't want to get too specific on the share repurchase, but just conceptually thinking through this, you've got S400 million or so on average in free cash flow after dividends per quarter, and I think incremental leverage capacity based on sort of EBITDA growth times the leverage target that equates to probably another $300 million to $400 million per quarter. So in essence, the buyback kind of has to be in and around the range of $700 million to $800 million per quarter, i.e. 3% to 4% of the share count per quarter just to stay where you are on leverage. I'm wondering if that's a sort of good way to think about the potential pacing?
Robert Marcus: Jason, we're really not going to disclose anything about the timing of our repurchases. As we'd said, the driving force behind this is our balance sheet management strategy and our target leverage ratio of 3.25x. But beyond that, we're really not going into timing.
Operator: Next, Rich Greenfield of BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC: Several of the premium cable network operators have talked to the fact that Time Warner Cable underperforms pretty dramatically in selling premium channels. We saw that your premium revenues were actually down year-over-year. We're curious just how do you react to that? Is it a conscious decision to not sell premium channels as aggressively as some of your peers? And just kind of curious kind of what we could expect over the course of the next year, especially as we start to see more authenticated services which some of your peers have launched for premium channels but which we haven't seen yet from Time Warner Cable?
Glenn Britt: Rich, this is Glenn. That is something we will get all the time. And I think, as you know, I've been in the industry a long time and back in the late 1970s or early 1980s, Premium Services are what drove the whole business. We now have many more products and I think the issue for us is, what are we going to sell first in a long list of things we can sell? And quite frankly, we tend to focus on the things that have the highest margins and seems to have the highest consumer demands. So that focus perhaps has led to what you're describing about the Premium Services and we do continually look at whether there's opportunities there. But I would suggest that the margins on those services are not nearly what they are in some of the other products. Landel, I don't know if you may want to add to that?
Landel Hobbs: No, you hit it pretty clearly. The only thing else I would add is we're particularly seeing the economy affect the premium sector as well, Rich. That's the only thing I would add in addition to what Glenn had.
Operator: John Hodulik, UBS.
John Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank: Maybe just a question for Glenn, following up on the lower video tier. From a Time Warner Cable perspective, how widely offered and promoted will this tier be? Obviously, I know you don't want to get into too many specifics regarding how this will model out. But do you think over time that it should help slow the video losses? I mean, as look at the losses that you're seeing now, you're saying a lot of this are on the low-end side. Do you think that this sort of helps bend the curve in terms of those trends?
Glenn Britt: Well, first of all, our plan is to, as we often do, is to try a new service in a few markets and learn from that and then if it seems to work, and we like it then, then we roll it out more broadly. So being an optimist, I think it's something we will roll out more broadly. I think that what we're trying to do is segment our audience. We've been very -- with the growing sophistication in our marketing efforts, a better understanding of different parts of the marketplace -- and this is an industry that traditionally had sort of one-size-fits-all, and what we're learning is that not only the demographics, but the psychographics of different groups are quite different. And it's possible to create an offering that pleases one group that actually angers another group. So this is in that context. To the extent they are -- that these are people who are leaving us and maybe leaving the whole category. I think it should help, but we'll have to see.
Operator: Stefan Anninger, Crdit Suisse.
Stefan Anninger - Crdit Suisse AG: My question is related to an earlier question regarding the way you see offering products within the home evolving. Glenn, you mentioned a future in which more and more set-tops perhaps move into the television set. For some time, cable engineers have discussed the world in which cable CPE in the home would be designed such that you would have a stick client or a gateway with thinner clients distributor around the home to push content to different areas of the home. Is that concept becoming outdated? And perhaps, as you look to the future, can you discuss how either of those two concepts could impact longer-term CPE spending?
Glenn Britt: Sure, it's a pretty complicated subject, but I think that if you go back to why do we have set-tops to begin with, although they've become quite common, they're not something we necessarily started out wanting to have, which I think is somewhat of a misperception sometimes, the. Simple reason we have set-tops is that the consumer electronics devices in general are not capable of displaying all of our services without a set-top. So by and large, the consumer electronics devices are not too way capable. They can't do VOD, they can't do program guides, they can't un-encrypt encrypted services, so there's a piracy issue. Obviously, some of the SEC rules on cable cards have attempted to deal with the encryption problem. But we would be delighted to not have set-top boxes. The thing I left out, too, is the hard drive DVR is in the set-tops. I think the world we're going to -- we spent a lot of time with the big consumer electronics companies, the way we're going to is one where these devices will be more intelligent and more easily networked, so that we can envision a world with at least where people buy new TVs, where we might not have to set-tops. I think it may move to a gateway device because the old TVs will live for a very long time, so we'll need some sort of interface and some place for the hard drive. Quite frankly, moving the DVR functionality back into the network which we pioneered with Maestro and Cablevision has been working on, that's a better engineering solution. But given the stance of the company right owners, it might not be one that we can do on a widespread basis quickly. And so that's a little bit confused, but I think you're going to see, over time, fewer set-tops, lower CPE spending. And hopefully more of the intelligence move back into the network, as well as into a consumer home device. And by the way, this will all result in a much better consumer experience which is what we should really be focused on.
Operator: Jason Bazinet, Citi.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup Inc: I have a question for Mr. Britt. The Data business has not historically had a content cost associated with it. I was just wondering if we believe the press reports, it suggests that ESPN did get some sort of, I think, content cost embedded in that ESPN deal. Is this sort of a one-off or is this sort of an example of the camel's nose sort of getting under the tent and three to five, 10 years from now, we'll be talking about potentially declining gross profit margins on a data product as more people pile in and charge for content, if you will, on the data product.
Glenn Britt: I think that our high-speed Data business is fundamentally a different product than our video product. Our video product essentially we are selling a bundle of content and obviously, there's content cost associated with that. High-speed Data business, we are selling access to the Internet and then the consumer refuses to go where they want. You will note in our ESPN arrangement, we require you to be a video subscriber. That is unlike what the other operators have done.
Operator: James Ratcliffe, Barclays Capital.
James Ratcliffe - Barclays Capital: I know you don't want to get too much into the buyback timing. But can you talk about qualitatively what sort of things, would it be the market conditions and other factors that would affect that timing? Are we just talking share price or is there other stuff going on there?
Robert Marcus: James, we're going to look at all the market conditions, share price is certainly one of those. We'll, of course, also be looking at what other opportunities there are that may present themselves to deploy our financial capacity and ways to generate even more attractive returns than buying back shares. So by design, the buyback program has a certain amount of flexibility built into it and really, that's all we're alluding to.
Operator: Next, Tom Eagan, Collins Stewart.
Thomas Eagan - Collins Stewart LLC: Glenn, I was looking for some of your thoughts in some of the new digital services being offered like Apple TV and Google TV. Our first take is that Apple, is Apple TV is more of a substitute to Pay TV but that Google TV may be more of a complement?
Glenn Britt: I think what you see is a whole lot of different efforts to make it easier to get Internet content on TVs. I think to some extent, the idea of buying a separate box is going to be superseded by the new TVs that will have direct Internet conductivity. And as I've said before, I'm not sure those are in the market anywhere yet, but I know they're going to be in the market very soon if they are not actually in the stores. So I think what you have is -- Apple is different to Google and they should all speak for themselves, but Google is very interesting. I think they're trying to extend their surge in software capability. And to the extent consumers want that, that should be an interesting thing and perhaps complementary to some of the things that we do. Apple presumes we want to sell devices compatible with their other devices and we'll see where that goes in a world where the CE companies themselves are offering that functionality.
Operator: V. J. Giant, Citadel Securities.
Vijay Jayant - Citadel Securities, LLC: On the buyback, DIRECTV, which has also announced a similar target leverage and a buyback philosophy, has basically suggested that they look at their levered fully tax free cash flow yield and their marginal cost of borrowing and if there's an over charge there, they keep buying back stock. Can you sort of talk about how you philosophically think about value in your own stock?
Robert Marcus: Sure. I think what you're describing is essentially something you have to do in order to execute a buyback program. We're not going to buy back shares if we think the price doesn't justify it and we're going to compare the potential returns of buying back shares to other opportunities to deploy our financial capacity. And I don't think it's much for complicated than that.
Operator: Bryan Kraft, Evercore.
Bryan Kraft - Evercore Partners Inc.: I was just was looking for two data points, with basic sublosses being concentrated among the basic-only subs, how much of the base is still basic-only subs at this point? And then, would you be able to provide, I'm sorry if you did it in the main part of the call, but could you provide an updated statistics for FiOS and U-verse overlap, please?
Robert Marcus: Basic only, meaning true lifeline BST, is just under 10% of the sub base.
Bryan Kraft - Evercore Partners Inc.: How much of that come down over the last two years, would you say? Has it come down a lot or has it been around...
Robert Marcus: Historically, it declined, but the DTV transition boosted it up a little bit. So I think if you sort of took two points in time now and several years ago, the difference wouldn't be that material.
Landel Hobbs: And on the competitive overlap, we're roughly 33% overlap with a digital television offering from the telcos and that's split between 23%, U-verse, 10%, FiOS. The FiOS number, the 10% really didn't changed quarter-to-quarter, Q2 to Q3.
Tom Robey: That concludes our call. Thanks for joining us this morning.
Operator: Thank you. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tom Robey - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations  Glenn A. Britt - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Robert D. Marcus - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President Landel C. Hobbs - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Vijay Jayant  Barclays Capital  Mike McCormick  JP Morgan  Tuna Amobi  Standard and Poors Equity Group Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse Doug Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank  
Operator: Welcome to the Time Warner Cable fourth quarter and full year 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Now I will turn the call over to Mr. Tom Robey, Senior Vice President of Time Warner Cable Investor Relations. You may begin. 
Tom Robey:  Thank you. Good morning everyone. Welcome to Time Warner Cable's 2009 full year and fourth quarter earnings conference call. This morning we issued two press releases. One detailing our 2009 full-year and fourth quarter results. The other announcing the initiation of our regular dividend.  Before we begin, there are a couple of items I need to cover. First, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures, including operating income or loss before depreciation and amortization which we call OIBDA. In addition we refer to adjusted OIBDA and adjusted OIBDA less capital expenditures. Definitions and schedules setting out reconciliations of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release and our trending schedules.  Second, todays announcement includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 which are based on managements current expectations and beliefs and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements herein due to various factors including economic, business, competitive, technological, strategic and/or regulatory changes that could affect our business. These factors are discussed in detail in Time Warner Cable's SEC filings, including its most recent annual report on Form 10K and quarterly reports on Form 10Q. Time Warner Cable is under no obligation to, and in fact expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  Finally, todays press release, trending schedules, presentation slides and related reconciliation schedules are available on our companys website at www.timewarnercable.com/investors. A replay of todays call will be available today beginning approximately two hours after the call has ended and will run through midnight ET February 1.  With all of that covered, I will thank you and turn the call over to Glenn. 
Glenn Britt:  Thanks Tom. Good morning everyone. 2009 was a very good year all things considered. We grew our revenues by 4% and adjusted OIBDA by 5% compared to 2008 and that was despite a sharp recession that caused many consumers to lose their jobs and homes and which drove the sharpest advertising downturn in a generation.  Despite these challenges we met or exceeded every element of our guidance for the year. We posted net adds of nearly 800,000 primary service units in 2009 and customer relationships were steady at 14.6 million. Our 2009 performance reinforces our belief that we are in a great business and it demonstrates that we have managed it prudently.  We again carefully balanced ARPU and subscriber growth and we controlled our costs. Despite lower growth in our subscription business and a decline in ad sales, we increased our adjusted OIBDA margin in 2009 compared to 2008. We also reached a significant qualitative milestone in 2009. Through our spinoff with Time Warner we became an independent, publicly traded company with a single class of stock.  In the year just ended we strengthened our balance sheet considerably. After paying a $10.9 billion special dividend which from perspective is equal to more than $30 per new Time Warner Cable share we reduced our leverage from 3.7 times adjusted OIBDA last March 31st to just over 3.3 times at year-end. We are comfortably on track to achieve our target leverage of 3.25 times in the first quarter of 2010.  As a result of our progress in 2009 we are now positioned to begin returning capital to our shareholders. This morning we announced the initiation of a regular dividend and established a quarterly rate of $0.40 per share or $1.60 per share annually. This starting point reflects our confidence in the strength and stability of the companys cash flows.  We set the yield higher than our cable peers and higher than the average of S&P 500 companies that pay a dividend. In fact, the yield at initiation is in the 85th percentile of all dividend initiations by S&P 500 companies in the last 10 years. The dividend provides significant yield, yet it also provides us the flexibility to invest in organic growth as well as to consider strategic acquisitions and additional means of returning capital to shareholders over time.  Turning to the year ahead there are widespread reports of an economic turnaround. However, we have not seen a material improvement in the economic factors most relevant to our business. Things like housing vacancies, unemployment and consumer confidence. Nonetheless, we expect that our core residential business will continue to grow and that growth in our commercial business will accelerate in 2010.  In addition we are poised to see growth in our high margin advertising business for the first time in over a year due to the strengthening of the ad markets and political ad spending around the midterm elections that promise some very competitive races in parts of our footprint.  You will see both new products and product improvements from us this year. In video we will have the capability to carry as many as 200 HD channels, will enhance our network DVR based Start Over and Look Back products and we will introduce multi-room DVR. In high speed data we will make our DOCSIS 3.0 product available in more cities and we are about to launch a portal that will enable our digital phone customers to manage their accounts and features to which they subscribe.  In addition to the accelerated growth we expect in our commercial business we will invest in our Roadrunner mobile product in the year ahead. Now available in parts of Texas, the Carolinas and Hawaii, Roadrunner Mobile will become more broadly available as the year proceeds. We will have some margin dilution due to the start up costs of this business but we believe that mobile broadband could become an important part of our portfolio in the coming years.  We are continuing to focus on cost management not just due to continuing weakness in the economy but because it is part of what we do every year. In summary, we came out of 2009 strong and well positioned to face the challenges in the year ahead. Our balance sheet is strong and we are very pleased to demonstrate our confidence in our free cash flow through the initiation of a meaningful quarterly dividend. We will execute with the same discipline you have come to expect and we will continue to invest in growth in 2010.  Now over to Rob for more details. 
Robert Marcus :  Thanks Glenn and good morning everyone. As Glenn mentioned we delivered another quarter of solid financial results meeting or exceeding our full-year guidance in every category.  Lets start with the 2009 highlights on slide three. Despite the weak economy and tough competition we held customer relationships essentially flat in 2009 while adding almost 800,000 primary service units and more than one million revenue generating units. We grew full year 2009 revenues by almost 4% and adjusted OIBDA by almost 5%, demonstrating the resilience of our business, our financial discipline and our focus on balancing ARPU and subscriber net adds.  We also reduced our capital intensity while still investing in our fast growing commercial services business. Full year CapEx as a percentage of revenues was down 240 basis points from last year. This decline coupled with our adjusted OIBDA growth resulted in adjusted OIBDA less CapEx growth of almost 22%, exceeding our full-year guidance. We generated record full-year free cash flow of over $1.9 billion and diluted EPS of $3.05 per share, slightly ahead of what we projected at the start of the year.  With our very healthy free cash flow we de-levered rapidly following payment of our special dividend in March and we ended the year with a leverage ratio of 3.3 times and as Glenn discussed given our reduced leverage and our ability to generate free cash flow we have started returning capital to our shareholders through the initiation of a $1.60 per share annual dividend.  Before we turn to our results lets turn to slide four and I will spend a minute on the dividend. First, I want to say I am really excited to have reached this significant milestone and to have done so less than a year after taking on an incremental $10.9 billion in debt to finance our special dividend. In the intervening months we did a lot of research which included talking with many of you about your views on returning capital. Our dividend announcement today incorporates key elements of what we heard.  First, we heard that we should make the dividend meaningful. Our initial dividend yield is higher than our cable peers and higher than the average of S&P 500 companies that pay a dividend. I think it is significant that very few companies initiated a dividend with a yield that is 83%.  Second, we heard it is important to increase the dividend over time. While it is premature to talk about future increases it is clear that our dividend payout ratio leaves us flexibility to do just that.  Third, we heard we should retain adequate liquidity for other initiatives. Our dividend provides us with the flexibility to invest in organic growth as well as consider strategic acquisitions and additional means of returning capital to shareholders over time.  With that lets turn to our results starting with subscriber trends on the next slide. During the fourth quarter we added 101,000 primary service units to end the year with 26.4 million PSUs. As a reminder that includes both residential and commercial PSUs. PSU connects continue to be much weaker than a year ago, offset in part by much lower disconnect as churn was down across the board.  Fourth quarter video subscriber trends improved with video subscribers declining by 105,000 compared to 119,000 lost in the fourth quarter of 2008. Fourth quarter digital video net adds of 56,000 also improved meaningfully year-over-year as did DVR net adds of 105,000. Once again, HSD was our best performing PSU category. We added 122,000 high speed data subscribers, an 8% increase over the 113,000 HSD subs we added in last years fourth quarter.  We finished the year with just under 9.3 million HSD subscribers. Our residential HSD subscriber mix continues to shift towards our premium tier products with Turbo accounting for almost 70% of our residential net adds in the quarter. That is the highest percentage in the last six quarters. At year-end Turbo subscribers represented about 11% of our residential HSD subscriber base.  Digital phone was the only PSU category for which net additions were down year-over-year in the fourth quarter. We did, however, add 84,000 subs as we continued to take share from the telcos. Total subscribers at year-end exceeded 4.2 million. While our customer relationships declined by 55,000 in the quarter we continued to increase the number of customers in bundles. We added 64,000 Triple Plays and 27,000 Double Plays. As a result, over 57% of our customers were in Double or Triple Play packages at year-end.  Let me briefly summarize our full-year subscriber results on slide six. I think it is important to remember that despite all of the very difficult economic news in 2009 we held our customer relationships pretty much flat and grew PSU by over 800,000 and RGUs by over one million. Digital phone subscribers increased nearly 12% and high speed data subscribers grew over 6%. Video subscribers declined by 210,000. That is more than the 104,000 we lost in 2008 despite the benefits of the DTV transition. However, we continue to grow our digital video and DVR subscriber base.  Before moving onto our financial results let me give you some color on what we are seeing early in 2010. In aggregate, year-to-date PSU net adds are well below year-ago levels. Net adds in all three residential PSU categories are off last years pace. This is not unexpected. While there are some signs the economy is set to recover, unemployment and vacancy rates in our footprint continue to be much higher than they were in the year-ago period. On a positive note, commercial PSU adds have actually been somewhat higher than last year.  Moving onto our financial results lets start with revenues on the next slide. Full year revenues increased 3.9% or $668 million to $17.9 billion. Fourth quarter revenues of $4.5 billion grew 3% over the fourth quarter of 2008. During the fourth quarter subscription revenues increased just over 4%, reflecting a 3% year-over-year increase in primary service units and over a 1% improvement in subscription revenue per PSU.  Residential revenues grew over 3.5% while commercial revenues grew just over 14%. HSD subscribers growth drove a 7.5% increase in HSD revenues. Once again providing the largest contribution towards our subscription revenue growth. Voice revenues rose more than 11% also driven by subscriber growth partially offset by lower monthly ARPU and video revenues rose about 1.5% year-over-year driven by an increase in DVR revenues, price increases and an increase in digital video subscribers which were partially offset by a decline in video and premium channel subscribers and transactional video on demand revenues.  You will notice our trending schedules this quarter include a more detailed breakout of the components of video revenue which should help you better understand the drivers of our video revenue performance.  Lets turn to our commercial operations on the next slide. We added 9,000 business class phone customers and 2,000 commercial HSD subs in the quarter. We closed deals with 67,000 commercial video phone subscribers and 184,000 voice lines. That is more than double the number of subs and lines we had at the end of 2008. At year-end we had 295,000 commercial HSD customers. Commercial revenue growth remains strong despite the weak economy growing just over 14% to $243 million in the fourth quarter and increasing nearly 15.5% to $915 million for the full year.  Our fourth quarter commercial revenue growth was driven by commercial data which grew 6.5%, business class phone revenues which doubled year-over-year and sub [backhaul] revenues which increased fivefold. During 2009 we restructured our commercial organization and staffed up our commercial sales force. As we said to you last quarter we expect these changes to reaccelerate our commercial revenue growth to north of 20% for 2010.  Flipping to the next slide, as we have been discussing all year ad revenue declines have been a drag on our overall revenue and adjusted OIBDA growth as well as our margins. Full year ad revenues were down nearly 22% versus 2008. In the fourth quarter ad revenues were once again significantly lower than the year-ago period, down about 17.5%. As you can see from the chart the trend is encouraging. Ad revenue grew 10% sequentially and the year-over-year decline in Q4 was the lowest of the year.  Moreover, more than 2/3 of the year-over-year decline in the fourth quarter was driven by lower political advertising. The remainder of the shortfall came from national sales so our local and regional sales which comprise the largest part of our business were actually relatively flat. Given the recent improvement in advertising trends and the anticipated benefit from political advertising in 2010 we expect advertising revenues to return to growth in 2010.  Turning to ARPU on slide 10. Fourth quarter subscription ARPU per customer relationship increased almost 5% to nearly $99 reflecting continued increases in bundle penetration and our pricing discipline. As I mentioned our subscription ARPU per PSU was up over 1% year-over-year in Q4 and has increased year-over-year for each of the last six quarters. Higher commercial contribution has certainly helped here as residential subscription ARPU per PSU was essentially flat in part reflecting a shift in our residential subscription revenue mix from higher ARPU video to lower ARPU HSD and voice.  Looking at product ARPUs, video ARPU increased nearly 4% from Q4 2008 driven primarily by price increases and higher penetration of digital video services including DVRs. Both residential and commercial video ARPUs improved. HSD ARPU grew over 1% versus Q4 2008 and increased year-over-year during each quarter of 2009. While the year-over-year growth in Q4 was primarily driven by increased revenues from commercial HSD, residential agency ARPU also improved. Digital phone ARPU declined just over 1% year-over-year. That is a continued improvement in the year-over-year trend.  Turning to adjusted OIBDA on the next slide. Full year adjusted OIBDA increased 4.7% to $6.5 billion as margins improved by 20 basis points. Fourth quarter adjusted OIBDA grew 3% year-over-year to $1.7 billion. Once again, the decline in our high margin advertising business was a drag on adjusted OIBDA growth and margins. Our focus on cost management yielded fourth quarter operating expenses growth of just 3% reflecting a 4.1% increase in cost of revenues and flat SG&A expenses.  Drilling down further on costs, programming expense, our largest cost category, increased just over 5% for the quarter and 6.5% for the full year as video and premium channel sub declines and lower VOD costs only partly offset contractual rate increases, incremental retrans costs and fees for new channel offerings. I know there is a great deal of interest in how our recent programming deals will affect 2010 programming expense. At this point our expectation is that 2010 programming cost growth will be modestly higher than in 2009.  Employee costs which represent almost 1/3 of our total OpEx grew almost 3% in Q4 2009 with almost all of the increase attributable to higher pension and medical expenses. Marketing expense of $155 million in the quarter increased 27% versus last years fourth quarter as we spread our marketing more evenly across the quarters this year. Full-year marketing spend was pretty much flat versus 2008.  Fourth quarter voice costs were up over 11.5% due to growth in digital phone subscribers. Bad debt expense for the quarter was down $40 million year-over-year. This decline was primarily due to improvements in collection efforts and the reduction in the allowance for capital accounts to reflect the quality of residential receivables at the end of the year. For the full year bad debt expense was less than 1% of revenues, down 30 basis points year-over-year.  Turning to capital spending on slide 12, our capital spending in the quarter was $944 million bringing our full-year CapEx to just over $3.2 billion, consistent with our guidance. Total CapEx as a percentage of revenues for the year was 18.1% versus 20.5% in 2008. For the full year we increased commercial capital spending about 60% year-over-year to $352 million. We increased commercial line extension CapEx which includes the capital we spent this year to grow our cell tower back haul business. We also spent more on scalable infrastructure to support some of our other commercial growth initiatives.  Residential capital spending was down approximately 13% versus 2008 with a decline in CPE CapEx, mostly lower HD DVR spending, accounting for nearly 90% of the full year reduction. Residential line extension and upgrade CapEx declined while scalable infrastructure and support capital spending increased primarily related to spending on capacity expansion initiatives to accommodate more HD channels and faster HSD speeds. Landel will talk about some of these initiatives in a moment. Looking forward to 2010 we expect that capital spending will be less than $3 billion.  Moving onto cash flow on slide 13, full year adjusted OIBDA less CapEx increased 21.7% year-over-year. In the year ahead we plan to grow adjusted OIBDA less CapEx in the mid-teen percent even as we incur on the order of $50 million in start up losses in conjunction with the continued rollout of our new wireless broadband business. We generated full-year free cash flow, a record, of $1.9 billion. Our full-year free cash flow increased 10.2% year-over-year despite significantly higher interest payments.  As you look out at your 2010 forecast remember that unless there is further economic stimulus legislation bonus depreciation will go away and in any event prior year depreciation benefits will reverse so cash taxes will be significantly higher this year.  Turning to the next slide, diluted earnings per share exceeded guidance at $3.05 for the full year 2009 compared with a diluted loss per share of $22.55 in 2008. Looking forward we expect 2010 full year diluted EPS will be in the $3.25 to $3.50 per share range.  Turning to the balance sheet on the last slide, at December 31st our net debt and preferred equity totaled $21.6 billion and our leverage ratio was 3.3 times. We remain on track to achieve our target leverage ratio of 3.25 times by the end of the first quarter even with our new dividend. During the quarter we continued to solidify our balance sheet, taking advantage of favorable market conditions to include short-term borrowings with attractive longer term [buys]. We have also continued to swap fixed interest for floating to improve our overall cost of borrowing. I am exceptionally pleased with what we have been able to accomplish this year to strengthen our balance sheet.  So, to summarize before I turn it over to Landel, we posted another quarter of revenue and adjusted OIBDA growth rounding out a year in which we generated very strong free cash flow despite the challenging environment, we strengthened our balance sheet further and we demonstrated our confidence in our long-term fundamentals by initiating a very meaningful dividend.  Landel? 
Landel Hobbs :  Thanks Rob. This morning I am going to take a couple of minutes to recap some of our key accomplishments in 2009 before turning to an overview of the important work ahead in 2010.  Operationally we made a lot of progress last year in a very difficult environment. Let me share some of the highlights. First on the product front. We rolled out our own program guides which are now deployed on more than half of our digital set tops. We expanded the deployment of Start Over, now reaching 7 million households or about 80% of our digital video subscribers. Through our successful efforts to switch digital video and all digital conversions, a lot of our cities have north of 100 HD channels and our average is now 87 compared to 57 a year ago. We have made DOCSIS 3.0 technology a reality in New York City where our WiBand product is now available.  In marketing we expanded our enhanced store deployments in Best Buy and we heavied up our fourth quarter media spending in key cities and customer segments. In commercial we brought in new, seasoned management and we hired more than 240 sales professionals towards the end of the year which positions us well for 2010.  To summarize 2009 we made a lot of operations progress in a challenging environment and we made investments that will make us even stronger as we go forward.  Turning next to the competitive environment, as we enter 2010 we believe that we are well positioned competitively. Telcos have continued to expand their fiber based deployment and we estimate that AT&Ts U-verse product is now available to approximately 20% of our homes path and Verizons FiOS offering is available to 9%. This availability has increased in a relatively steady, predictable manner and we expect that by the end of 2010 the two will expand their respective fiber based offerings to cover between 38-40% of our [paths]. Verizon said they will complete their FiOS build in 2010 and AT&T in 2011.  These deployments in many cities have now passed their first and in some cases their second anniversary and as a result increasing numbers of telco video customers are coming off of their initial contract. This provides a significant opportunity for us to win back customers who mistakenly thought the grass might be greener over the telco fence, that is until the telcos dug up their yard. In fact, we have seen increasing numbers of win back in recent quarters and we intend to sharpen our focus on this opportunity in 2010.  One last point on telco competition. It appears that in our service area the footprint expansion has slowed but more importantly their video share growth is also slowing. We are also competing well against the satellite providers. Recent aggressive promotional activity, particularly from Dish, have continued but we believe we were successful in slowing subscriber migration in the fourth quarter with strong but balanced promotions and increased media spend.  Turning to 2010, we have aggressive operational objectives for the year ahead. We intend to further strengthen our products, sharpen our marketing and invest in key growth initiatives even as we reduce costs by further improving the efficiency of our operations. Beginning with our residential subscription business I want to highlight some of the changes we are driving in 2010.  First, we are redoubling our focus on our video products. In a number of cities we are going to carefully realign the digital video lineups where channels of like genre are grouped. We are also putting in place capabilities to accommodate as many as 150-200 HD channels in most of our systems by the end of the year. We are able to do this in large part due to the success of our switch digital video deployment.  This year we will effectively complete our company-wide deployment by installing switches in L.A., Dallas and New York City. Our network DVR Based Start Over product has been a tremendous success with customers. Now that it is broadly available we are turning our focus to Look Back to extend the availability window to 72 hours after a program has aired. We now have look back rights at 87 networks and we are planning to launch in additional cities this year. In addition to enhancements to our network DVR products we are excited about our multi-room DVR product which we will also introduce later in 2010.  Next turning to high speed data. The early experience with our DOCSIS 3.0 enabled WiBand service has been very positive. In its first quarter of availability in New York City it generated 2,000 net additions. More than 1/3 of these were commercial customers. Not surprisingly roughly 9 of 10 new residential WiBand subscribers were existing Time Warner Cable subscribers who upgraded their service. In 2010 we plan to make our WiBand product available in additional cities. As I have mentioned in the past our deployment will be surgical, focusing on those areas which we need higher speeds than our existing Turbo product provides and to the extent that we identify broader needs we can expand our deployments.  In phone our net adds declined pretty sharply over the past year as competition from wireless continues. Despite the challenging environment we believe we have substantial opportunity in phone so this month we embarked on a plan to recharge our digital phone product. Our approach has three key elements; First, we are focusing internally on driving better performance of our sales channel through training, coaching and most importantly incentives. We launched a similar program in the Carolinas a couple of quarters ago with strong results.  Second, we will adjust the positioning of digital phone to customers and we will introduce more differentiation. You will hear more about this as the year progresses.  Third, we are focused on segmentation. Our analysis indicates that certain of our large and profitable customer segments continue to hold substantial untapped opportunity. We also plan to launch our new phone manager product beginning in the second quarter of 2010. In addition to enabling our customers to manage their accounts and features to which they subscribe, our new portal will provide viewable voice mail and caller ID on the PC. This is really cool stuff.  We are off to a good start with our new wireless broadband product, Roadrunner Mobile. As our product launched in Dallas and parts of the Carolinas in December we have added more than 1,000 subs and in recent weeks we have launched the service in San Antonio and Hawaii. As you would expect most of our Roadrunner Mobile subs were existing Time Warner Cable customers. So far around 2/3 have taken the unlimited 4G service and most of the rest have taken the nationwide 4G/3G plan. We are encouraged that almost 20% of new wireless customers also added one or more additional Time Warner Cable products.  We expect to launch Roadrunner Mobile in a sizeable fraction of our footprint in 2010. As a result we expect a pretty substantial expenses especially related to marketing and device activation. We are willing to make a significant investment at the start of the year because we believe that wireless broadband could become a meaningful part of our business down the road.  In commercial, we hit the ground running in 2010 after spending much of 2009 hiring and training new members of the team. We ended 2009 with approximately 2,500 employees, an increase of more than 500 during the year and we expect to drive commercial revenue growth above 20% in 2010.  In advertising we are seeing positive signs as Rob mentioned. During last years downturn we focused on metrics and more importantly share gain. We think the investment in May to enable us to come back even stronger this year. Another component of the opportunity here is advanced advertising. We expect o continue to make steady progress in 2010 with a focus on interactivity.  The first set is implementation of [EBID] which is a set of standards underlying interactive applications. We currently have around 900,000 [EBID] enabled set tops in New York City alone and we expect to have approximately 7 million deployed in our system by the end of 2010. In addition to our own use, [EBID] enabled set tops are also critical to Canoes success. Canoes first ITV advertising product will be a request for information application which will allow viewers a 30 second spot to use their remote control to request advertiser special offers like coupons or product sample via mail.  Canoe is currently testing this product with several network partners and they are on track for commercial launch this spring.  Turning now to marketing. We upgraded media spending in the fourth quarter using a marketing resource allocation model and now govern how and where we place media. We will use these models in 2010 to better allocate our media on a consolidated, enterprise wide basis. We will also continue our successful competitive advertising campaign in 2010. We believe our message continues to keep the competitors at bay as we go directly to the competitors weaknesses.  We went to school on pricing in late 2009 and we think the rate increases we have undertaken are a more strategic, smart review of management. In addition, we have created a longer term enterprise live pricing architecture and by the end of the year all areas will have standardized pricing and promotional approaches. We think this more centralized approach combined with increased use of segmentation and targeting of high volume customers will also improve yield management.  One last point on marketing, all of our continuing improvements are in the context of balancing share, ARPU and profitability. We are always focused on improving the efficiency of our operation and in 2010 we will continue to put a lot of energy into cost management. It is a little early but we think restructuring expense in 2010 may be anywhere from $25-50 million. We will update you on this later in the year as we have further estimates.  Lets give you three examples of our cost management initiatives this year. First, we are planning to further consolidate some sub-scale calls. While our satisfaction scores have been climbing and we feel our service levels are good we think there is a significant opportunity to find a more optimal spread inside of the call centers. In 2010 , we will work to consolidate centers where it makes sense and virtualize calls across more markets to load balance and reduce cost of service.  Second, we have embarked on a concentrated effort to streamline our procurement processes by leveraging our nationwide scale. Third, we have launched an initiative we call Go it Alone in which we will transition certain digital phone support functions away from Sprint. The transition will improve our economics but it will take several years to complete.  In summary, we made great progress on the operational front in 2009 even while making some investments that we expect will benefit us in the years ahead. In 2010 we have an aggressive agenda to further improve our products and marketing and we plan to expand our investments in commercial and wireless broadband. All of this is targeted at making Time Warner Cable more competitive so we can drive more growth and more profitability.  Thank you. With that I will turn it over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call.  
Tom Robey : Operator we are ready for the Q&A portion of the conference call. As we are a little bit short on time, we would ask each caller to ask please just a single question so that we can accommodate as many callers as possible. First question please? 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein.  
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein: I wonder if I can just ask a question about the dividend and the cash return for a minute. You have been fairly clear Rob in talking about a targeted net debt ratio of 3.25. That would obviously imply the cash payout would have to be in excess of what you just announced for the dividend. Can you talk about how you square that circle? I know Glenn mentioned strategic acquisitions but I wonder if you could just comment a bit more on that? 
Glenn Britt :  Let me jump in. I think that you actually made most of the points. We have been pretty consistent. As you know we have an ongoing dialogue with all of our owners, at least certainly our largest ones. What they have been expressing is very consistent with what we are doing. First they are saying they like the capital structure with the 3.25 times target, things like an appropriate kind of leverage that keeps us investment grade and recognize that is just a target so we are probably not going to be exactly that. We could be a little more or a little less over time. It is hard to hit it exactly.  Second we are hearing make sure you are investing enough in the business where you get a good return and keep the business healthy. Third, to the extent there is excess capital return it. We have had a lot of dialogue about the preferred form of the returning money because there is obviously different techniques. Although we hear different things from different people I think there was a strong consensus that starting with a meaningful dividend was a good idea. That is what we have done and we think we have made quite a statement with the size of the dividend. As I said in my prepared remarks the yield is significant compared to what others have done in the S&P 500. So that gets to your question which is really if nothing were to change and we werent to make any more investments over time we would further de-lever.  I would say it is our intent to stick to what I just said. So 3.25 is kind of our North Star target. We do want to make sure we have invested the right amount of money in the business and the business environment remains uncertain, particularly tax laws and policies. Rob talked about the meaning of the deprecation on the free cash flow. We want to start with this big dividend and then we want to explore organic growth, perhaps some small investments in and around our business and over time if we keep de-levering then we will look at additional ways to return capital. 
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein: Is there some parameter you would have around how much you would de-lever? Not to be dense but obviously the math would say that as long as EBITDA is growing that means you have to be paying out essentially all of your cash flow to keep from de-levering, right? 
Glenn Britt :  I understand. I think it would be not a good idea for me to put out the particular set or parameters around that. Rest assured the 3.25 is our long-term target. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch. 
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: You have your Get Tough or Rollover campaign and I just want to know you have had these recent negotiations. How would you rate yourselves? Did you get tough and did anybody roll over and could you just talk about the outlook? I think we all have a handle on 2010. Can you talk about 2011 and 2012? With more cable network negotiations [for] retrans coming up with some of the networks? 
Glenn Britt :  Let me deal with the overall and then have Rob jump in. The Get Tough or Rollover campaign really had two purposes. One was to better educate consumers about how all this works. Secondly to start a dialogue with consumers to hear back from them about what they thought. I think that one thing we have learned which maybe we all should have known but we are so close to the business, consumers really dont understand how this business works. They dont understand that the fees they pay us go in part for us to buy programming. In fact as recently as yesterday I had somebody sort of down on the street tell me he thought we just owned all the channels.  So I think that education effort was well worthwhile. I think in a broader sense we said this at conferences, we heard from consumers frustration about the size of the package and perhaps desire for more choice. Everybody on this call knows that going to full ala carte is completely impractical. It is impractical for the program economics. Just think about doing an installation call, trying to take a customer through hundreds of channels, describe each one, do you want it or do you not want it, clearly that doesnt make any sense. But I think if this industry and the programmers work towards an environment where we offer more variety of packages, some of which might be slightly smaller, I think that might be consumer friendly and I think we would be in better shape as an industry including programmers.  Beyond that I think the retrans process is clearly broken. We are hearing that from public officials. The rules around this date largely back to 1992, the Telecom Act, when the world was a lot different than it is now. 18 years is a long time. I think the idea that consumers are being held hostage, there is a threat signals are going to be pulled off and these things happen at 3 a.m. on New Years eve, that is not a good consumer thing for anybody. It is not a great mechanism. I think we need to reform how negotiations work. That is not to say there shouldnt be payments. I am just saying the way you arrive at the payment. This isnt working for consumers which means it is not really working for the broader industry. So having said that, Rob can you talk about specifics? 
Robert Marcus :  I am not going to go into too much detail on the recent programming deals we did and whether we got tough or rolled over is somewhat in the eye of the beholder I guess. What I will say is that I mentioned in my prepared remarks is that our expectation that programming cost growth in 2010 will be largely higher than what it was in 2009 and certainly the results of the most recent deals are baked into that estimate. As for 2011 and 2012, you know how many moving parts and meaningful deals there are that remain to get done over that time horizon it is very hard for us to make any real meaningful projections at this point. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley. 
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: If I could just quickly go back to some of the guidance numbers and then I have sort of a bigger picture for Glenn, the EBITDA less CapEx guidance suggests I think something around mid single digit EBITDA growth, maybe even a little less. The earnings number was a little bit lower than I thought. Is there any comments you can make on D&A or tax rate we should know or think about versus 2009 that would help. Glenn, as you think about the data business and what is going on in Washington with net neutrality and the bid for Comcast case, how do you see all that playing out? How would you like it to play out? What is the upside case for Time Warner Cable sometime in the next six months or so if we can be back to usage based billing, or caps and charging for overage, etc. How do you think about that at this point? 
Robert Marcus :  No meaningful changes on tax rate for 2010. D&A is in fact up somewhat. 
Glenn Britt :  On the net neutrality question, I think I wont comment on the Comcast case because an awful lot has been written about that and I dont really know anything more than what everybody else knows looking at the trial.  On net neutrality I think everyone knows the FCC has a proceeding on net neutrality. Net neutrality was part of the administrations platform during the last election. Having said that I think net neutrality has become a grab bag for a large number of issues that maybe dont relate to whatever net neutrality originally started out to be. Having said that, I think the FCC has promised to [welcome] a process in which they are open and seeking different ideas and seeking construction input and will make a rational set of decisions.  So far that is what we are seeing and we are actively participating in that process. We think we have a really good dialogue going not only at our company but the industry. So there has been a normal process of filing comments as we and many others have done. There will be reply comments. This will play out over many months but I think the process is very healthy at this point. 
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Do you think you can get to a point where you are potentially charging application providers, YouTube or other folks who are looking for priority access as a way to monetize the network which is in contrast to the current motto where effectively the consumer is paying that bill? 
Glenn Britt :  I dont know. That really is the issue that originally net neutrality was about. There are a bunch of people who would be against that. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant  Barclays Capital. 
Vijay Jayant  Barclays Capital : Keeping the same theme, there has obviously been a lot of discussion about Apple attempting to secure content from cable network operators and potentially taking a much smaller gross margin on regular programming than you probably get. They dont really need to support a network given their platform. Do you have deals with your content providers that provide any protection from anything like that happening? Is there a risk? Obviously this is pretty topical right now on letting this new franchise in from that [kind] of a thing. 
Robert Marcus :  Without getting into too much detail on any particular contract it obviously varies from programmer to programmer but we are always very focused on trying to maximize the value to our customers what it is we are paying fees for and that includes imposing limitations on the programmers ability to exploit the content in ways that undercut that business model. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Mike McCormick  JP Morgan. 
Mike McCormick  JP Morgan : Could you give us a sense for, I know you talked about some of the initiatives for 2010, but what you are seeing in commercial services revenue. It has slowed growth in the last couple of quarters. Obviously the economy continues to weigh. What do you think from a demand standpoint and was there any seasonality? 
Landel Hobbs :  First of all I am really happy with the growth roughly of 14% in the fourth quarter and 15.5% for the year particularly in the face of what you mentioned; a tough economic environment out there. Remember our sweet spot is the small businesses, actually very small businesses, who have been particularly hard hit by the economy. We have seen some increase in churn on that front. Having said that, as we indicated in our prepared remarks we are going to increase the growth rate to north of 20% next year and I am happy to say as I look at the tail end of the fourth quarter moving into the first I am seeing my revenue growth improve. So actually when I look at this business I pay attention to sub but I pay more attention to my revenue growth month in and month out, quarter-over-quarter and I am seeing positive trends there. 
Mike McCormick  JP Morgan : Is that demand driven or something on your part? 
Landel Hobbs :  I think right now it is probably more stuff on our part. Again, as we indicated, the economic factors out there are really mixed right now. We are not seeing a lot of improvement on Main Street. Our improvement right now is what we are doing. Focusing on the sales channel which we indicated before hiring of sales professionals was up. In the fourth quarter they were primarily trained to be honest with you. As I move into the first they are on the ground selling product. So a lot of that is coming out of what we are doing. 
Mike McCormick  JP Morgan : From a competitive standpoint who do you run into most often? 
Landel Hobbs :  We compete with everybody out there. My primary competition though is the [items]. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Tuna Amobi  Standard and Poors Equity Group. 
Tuna Amobi  Standard and Poors Equity Group: First on your web online connect is it still true the website and online partners is still a growing portion of your growth connect and if you can quantify that it would be helpful. Secondly, Glenn I thought your recent comments on vertical integration in the context of the Comcast deal I think you couched that in terms of risk avoidance which was quite interesting. So guess the question there is do you feel laws and regulations are conducive for a lot of kinds of mergers and if so would you consider going after a target like Charter partially or in whole? 
Landel Hobbs :  On the online I am not going to give you an exact breakdown but let me tell you what we are doing and our strategy around this. It is becoming a bigger portion of our sales channel activity. If you look forward, during 2009 and late 2008 our focus was primarily on using retailers. So outsourcing some of that to drive growth through selling online. As we moved through the year especially towards the end of the year and moving into 2010 a big focus on Timewarnercable.com. So investment in that product to move more and more of the sales back to our online environment which is cheaper, but not totally turning down retailers.  We think there is a good mix there. We actually want both. We dont see cannibalization. We actually think putting emphasis on both drives the sales across the channel. So what you are seeing us do strategically is move more of the activity to our online environment, Timewarnercable.com, but still using outside retailers. 
Tuna Amobi  Standard and Poors Equity Group: So it is safe to say the economics are comparable right? 
Landel Hobbs :  Actually I think the economics are a little bit better in our favor when we move inside. 
Glenn Britt :  Actually I think your question to me really had two parts. First was my comment on vertical integration. Obviously I am not going to talk about the Comcast deal. They need to talk about that and their motivation. I think I have made in the past some comments about what happened when we put Time and Warner together which was many, many years ago. Back I think in 1990 and the deal was made obviously the year or so leading up to that. So different era. 20 years ago. At that time we had a theory that by being vertically integrated by having a studio, by having networks and by having cable distribution that as the world changed and it continues to change the relative profitability in those segments might change and we would have everything and we would be fine. That indeed turned out to be the case even though there were no particular operating synergies between the pieces.  We also discovered over time that not only couldnt we lose in a sense but we could also never win because Time Warner had other businesses to but there was also some part of the company that was not doing well and some parts that were doing quite well and investors tended to focus on the part that wasnt doing well. So I think Time Warner can speak for itself but I think in part that is what has led to the various spinoffs that you have seen and what is obviously a different company today than it was.  I dont know that any of that necessarily by looking at Comcast/NBC. They have to talk for themselves. More broadly on M&A, I think that we have been pretty consistent on this. We will consider looking at acquisitions in our space, nothing that is too far from our space. We are going to do it in a disciplined way meaning we are here to earn returns for our shareholders. If there are things we think we can bring value to where we think we can make money for our shareholders we will pursue that but we dont feel we have to acquire things just to do it. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse. 
Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse: This question is probably for Rob. You had good margin expansion in 2009 and it seems like your 2010 guidance or the inference is the margins could continue to expand with programming cost increases offset by some of the efficiency stuff that Landel referenced and maybe an improvement in advertising. I just wanted to confirm that is kind of how you are seeing directionally margins go in 2010? 
Robert Marcus :  I am thinking margins are flattish. I think that is the same thing I said to you last year at this time when you asked the question. Maybe even slightly down a bit. Let me just give you the drivers so you can get a flavor for what is going on here. Our residential subscription revenue mix continues to shift in the direction of higher margin businesses meaning more HSD and phone relative to video. That is actually a benefit to margins. Our overall subscription revenue mix continues to shift towards commercial which is higher margin, that is another good guy. Then we have got the return to growth of our high margin ad business. All of those things should help and when you layer on top of that some of the initiatives Landel discussed. Those are all helpers.  On the other side, we have this continual issue we talked about a lot which is margin compression on the video side and the new piece to the puzzle is we are going to invest a bunch of money this year and what I suggest is that something on the order of $50 million that shows up as operating expense in the rollout of Roadrunner Mobile, our wireless broadband offering. When you roll all those things together I think they more or less offset one another and we are probably in the flat to maybe a slight bit down realm. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank. 
Doug Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank : A question and a clarification. On the clarification side you said D&A was up and if I remember from last years 10-K amortization would be down. Why would depreciation and D&A combined be up with amortization down? Why would tax rate be flat because amortization is down that would suggest tax rate could come down a little bit. So that is a clarification. Then for either Landel or Glenn, just interested more in the wireless side. Obviously you have the big change this year. I know it is early days but can you size the opportunity for broadband wireless or where you expect you want to be in a few years? What would you define as success in wireless and in conjunction with that do you need to offer wireless voice service to be successful and what does that technology path look like? 
Robert Marcus :  You have got it pretty much right. Amortization will be down. Depreciation will be up. The net of the two will be up. As for your question on tax rate we are talking about rounding. The tax rate will be essentially the same. The move you are talking about doesnt move the dial. 
Glenn Britt :  On wireless I think there is really two points to make. You have probably heard me say this before. The first is that I dont believe networks of the future are going to be either wireless or wire line. I think the networks of the future are hybrid networks where similar products are going to be offered to a whole variety of different devices before are talked about publicly. So wireless delivery has certain features for certain devices and wire line for other ones. In particular because spectrum is ultimately limited I think that needs to be brought through carefully and the traffic dumped into wires probably as quickly as possible.  If you look at some of the problems people are having with iPhones I think that speaks to that. Within that context I think what we are doing with Clearwire is really just the beginning. The network is being built. We are selling a relatively simple product. It is just air cards for PCs. I think within the context of the [ease] this will develop in exciting ways we really cant imagine today but I think there is going to be a whole array of products using these hybrid networks in the future. So this is the very early beginning and I dont know how to size the opportunity because I dont think any of us really and fully imagine what the products are going to be but it is an exciting opportunity.  As to voice, we have the capability of creating a voice product. We are working with both Clearwire and Sprint on that. Having said that I think there are plenty of voice providers out there today in the cellular business and there doesnt appear to be a crying demand for another one nor does it appear that we really need that in our product portfolio. We have the capability if we actually need it. Right now I dont think we do. 
Tom Robey :  Thank you operator. Thanks everyone for joining us. Have a great day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tom Robey - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations  Glenn A. Britt - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Robert D. Marcus - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President Landel C. Hobbs - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Vijay Jayant  Barclays Capital  Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein Rich Greenfield  Pali Capital  John Hodulik  UBS Jason Bazinet  Citi  Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Tuna Amobi  Standard and Poors Equity Group Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch Doug Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank  Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse Tom Eagan  Collins Stewart  Marci Ryvicker  Wachovia  
Operator: Welcome to the Time Warner Cable first quarter 2009 earnings. (Operator Instructions) Now I will turn the call over to Mr. Tom Robey, Senior Vice President of Time Warner Cable Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin. 
Tom Robey:  Good morning everyone. Welcome to Time Warner Cable's 2009 first quarter earnings conference call. This morning we issued a press release detailing our 2009 first quarter results.   Before we begin, there are several items I need to cover. First, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures, including operating income or loss before depreciation and amortization (OIBDA) and adjusted OIBDA and adjusted OIBDA less capital expenditures. Definitions and schedules setting out reconciliations of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release and our trending schedules.   Second, I want to note that this quarter you will see included in our press release, trending schedules and throughout the call a new subscriber metric called Primary Service Units (PSUs) which we define as the total of all video, high speed data and voice subscribers. For those of you still attached to RGUs we will continue to report them as well.  Third, todays announcement includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 which are based on managements current expectations and beliefs and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements herein due to various factors including economic, business, competitive, technological, strategic and/or regulatory changes that could affect our business. These factors are discussed in detail in Time Warner Cable's SEC filings, including its most recent annual report on Form 10K and quarterly reports on Form 10Q.   Time Warner Cable is under no obligation to, and in fact expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.   Finally, todays press release, trending schedules, presentation slides and related reconciliation schedules are available on our companys website at www.timewarnercable.com/investors. A replay of todays call will be available today beginning approximately two hours after the call has ended and will run through midnight ET May 1.   With all of that covered, Ill thank you and turn the call over to Glenn. Glenn? 
Glenn Britt: Thanks Tom. Good morning everyone. This is our first earnings announcement as a fully independent company and though our separation from Time Warner doesnt change the products and services we provide to our customers we are excited about our future as a stand alone cable company.  We have become an independent company in particularly challenging times. Times like this reinforce my conviction that cable is a great business. We have built a very strong company and we are demonstrating it has substantial recession-resistant characteristics. We are growing at a time when many companies in many industries are shrinking and we are generating a lot of free cash flow which we will use to pay down debt and create value for our equity holders.  We grew first quarter revenues by 5%. This stands in stark contrast to the double digit revenue declines reported by many other S&P 500 companies. On our last earnings call we promised we would aggressively manage our operating and capital costs and we delivered on that in the first quarter as evidenced by the strong growth of adjusted OIBDA and adjusted OIBDA with CapEx. We are performing well and we are right on track to deliver full year results consistent with the expectations we outlined last quarter.  As always, there were a lot of drivers of our first quarter results and I would like to single out a couple for mentioning. First, local advertising remains very weak and our advertising revenues declined 26% year-over-year in the first quarter. This industry-wide weakness will probably continue to represent a headwind for some quarters to come.  Second, the over the air DTV transition enabled us to gain significant numbers of video subscribers in the first quarter. It is hard to know but we may well see another wave of video subscriber net additions as we approach the completion of the DTV transition in mid-June.  The environment we face in the second quarter is similar to that we described on our last phone call. Economic indicators relevant to our business such as foreclosure rates, unemployment levels and consumer confidence just to name a few certainly havent improved and the telephone companies continue to expand the footprints of their fiber based offerings. We will continue to be candid in our assessment of the environment, sharing the facts with you as we get them.  We are fortunate to have opportunities to further improve our business by adding new products and services, by improving the service we provide to our customers and by improving the efficiency of our operations. Our biggest near-term opportunity is commercial services. We grew commercial revenues 17% year-over-year in the first quarter. Now that is not bad in a tough economy but frankly Im not satisfied with our performance in this area. I think we can and should do even better.  This is a very large market in which we currently have just a tiny penetration. In addition, we are increasingly excited by the opportunity to introduce an element of mobility into our services through our relationship with Clearwire. We are planning to launch introductory products in a few markets late this year or early next year.  In summary, Time Warner Cable continues to grow and continues to generate very healthy free cash flow. I feel very good about the strength of both operations and our balance sheet.  Now Rob will go into some more detail about our financial performance. Rob?   
Robert Marcus :  Thanks Glen. Good morning everyone. Let me jump right into the first quarter highlights on slide three. Subscriber performance in the first quarter improved meaningfully from the lows we experienced in the fourth quarter of last year. We added 81,000 customer relationships and 556,000 RGUs in the quarter. First quarter financial performance was also strong with revenues growing 5% year-over-year and adjusted OIBDA increasing 7% reflecting our aggressive focus on expense management.  Adjusted OIBDA less CapEx grew 32% year-over-year and free cash flow rose 11% despite an increase in the cash interest payments related to our 2008 bond offerings. Once again this quarter our commercial operations were the fastest growing part of our business with year-over-year revenue growth of 17%. With one quarter of the year now on our books we are on track to achieve our full-year outlook. We continue to expect that adjusted OIBDA less CapEx will grow at least as fast in 2009 as it did in 2008. In other words at least 15% and that EPS will be around $3.00 per share.  Turning to the next slide, lets review our subscriber metrics. As I mentioned, first quarter subscriber results were significantly better than what we experienced in the fourth quarter. In fact, in every subscriber category our net adds were better than Q4 on an absolute basis and more significantly as a percentage of prior period net adds. First quarter RGU net adds were down 38% versus Q1 2008 RGU net adds, much better than the fourth quarters 71% year-over-year drop off in RGU net adds.  We ended the quarter with 34.8 million RGUs. We added 36,000 basic video subscribers in Q1 in part driven by the digital TV transition which partially occurred on February 17. Landel will talk more about what we have experienced so far from the DTV transition and what we are likely to see going forward.  High speed data continues to be our most resilient product line with net additions of 225,000 in the first quarter versus 304,000 in Q1 2008. Total company wide HSD penetration exceeded 33% at quarter end and about 1/3 of our systems had penetrated at over 40%. Digital phone net adds were 174,000 in the first quarter compared to 285,000 in Q1 2008. We ended the quarter with total digital phone penetration of over 15% of service ready passings.  First quarter digital video net additions were 121,000 and at quarter end 67% of our video customers had digital video services. It is worth noting that we increasingly do digital video as an add on video product as opposed to a separate subscriber category. As a result while we will continue to report RGUs, we will place greater emphasis on what we call our Primary Service Units (PSUs) which is the sum of our video, data and voice subscriptions, not separately counting digital video.  We added 435,000 PSUs during the first quarter for a total of 26 million. Growth in HD capable customers continued with 386,000 net adds, down less than 8% versus last years first quarter. 55% of our digital video customers are now HD capable. DVR subs increased by 130,000. That is much better than Q4 but only about half the number of DVR customers we added in last years first quarter. We ended the quarter with over 47% of our digital video subs taking at least one DVR.  We also added 81,000 net customer relationships in the quarter. That is about 45,000 more than our video net adds. Over the last two years we have averaged about 45,000 non-video customer relationship net additions in the quarter. At the end of the first quarter almost 11% of our 14.7 million customer relationships were non-video. That is mostly HSD only and voice data double-plays. We also continued to add large numbers of bundled customers. This quarter we added 146,000 Triple Play customers and 60,000 Double Play customers. As a result, over 55% of our total customer relationships, or 8.1 million customers were in either Double or Triple Play packages. As you know, our bundled customers tend to have higher ARPUs and lower churn.  Before we move to our financial results I do want to mention while our Q1 subscriber results marked a significant improvement over what we experienced in the fourth quarter of last year, subscriber net additions over the last few weeks have been much weaker and in fact look more like what we saw in the fourth quarter. It is a bit early to say what this will mean for second quarter subscriber performance, but needless to say we are very focused.  Moving onto our financial results on the next slide. First quarter revenues of $4.4 billion grew $204 million or 5% over the first quarter of 2008. Subscription revenues increased 6% while ad revenues declined 26% during the quarter. On the subscription revenue side the 6% increase was driven by 5% year-over-year growth in primary service units and a slight improvement in subscription revenue per PSU.  Breaking down our revenues by product line, video grew 2%, HSD increased 11% and voice grew 23%. On the video side growth was negatively impacted by a decline in premium channel subscriptions and a decline in transactional VOD revenue. Excluding these two items, video revenue would have grown 4%. Residential subscription revenues grew 6% while commercial revenues grew 17%. I will come back to our commercial operations in a moment.  The significant decline in our advertising revenues reflected continued overall weakness in the ad market place and in particular in the auto and media and entertainment segments which are two of our largest advertising categories. Given the ongoing weakness in the ad market which is heavily influenced by the weak economy and the lack of political advertising this year we anticipate advertising will continue to be a drag on our revenue growth during the rest of 2009.  Monthly ARPU per customer relationship increased 5% year-over-year to approximately $100 and monthly subscription ARPU per customer relationship improved 7% to approximately $96. Given that we now have over 1.5 million non-video customer relationships, we think ARPU per customer relationship is a more relevant metric than ARPU per basic video sub. You will see us place greater emphasis on that going forward.  Looking at year-over-year ARPU by product line for the quarter, video ARPU increased 4% driven primarily by price increases and higher penetration of digital video services including DVRs. HSD ARPU increased 1% driven by increases in HSD pricing. Importantly, we have stabilized our residential HSD ARPU trends with ARPU essentially flat year-over-year and up sequentially.  Finally, voice ARPU declined 3% year-over-year and was roughly flat sequentially.  Turning now to our commercial operations on the next slide. Year-over-year commercial revenue growth remains robust. First quarter commercial revenues grew 17% over last years first quarter to $213 million. Commercial video revenues grew 2%. Commercial data which includes [inaudible] grew 17% and business class phone revenues more than quadrupled year-over-year.  Although the commercial business continues to represent a relatively small portion of our overall company, less than 5% of total revenues, it accounted for an increasing portion of about 15% of our total revenue growth in the first quarter. We added 8,000 business class phone customers during the quarter, a 27% increase in our total commercial digital phone subscriber base which at quarter end stood at 38,000.  Commercial HSD revenues continue to grow strongly in the quarter. However, our commercial HSD subs remained essentially flat at 283,000. Landel will talk about some of the organizational steps we are taking to improve growth in our HSD subs and our commercial business overall.  Turning to adjusted OIBDA on slide eight. First quarter adjusted OIBDA of $1.5 billion grew 7% year-over-year. Remember our advertising revenue which is a relatively high margin business declined 26% in the quarter which materially impacted our overall adjusted OIBDA growth. In other words, adjusted OIBDA growth would have been substantially higher X advertising.  Our adjusted OIBDA margin for the quarter improved 70 basis points year-over-year to 34.5%. This reflects our aggressive cost management. Total expense grew just 4% year-over-year. Direct costs were up 6% despite an 8% increase in programming costs and SG&A expenses were actually down 3% year-over-year including an 11% decrease in marketing expense which Landel will discuss.  Our employee costs which represent roughly 1/3 of our total OpEx grew just 4% due to our management of both headcount and salaries. As a reminder, first quarter adjusted OIBDA excluded $43 million of restructuring charges. As we discussed at the beginning of the year we continue to streamline our operations and expect our full-year restructuring charges will be approximately $75 million with most of the balance coming in the second and third quarters.  As we talk about adjusted OIBDA for the remainder of 2009 remember that it will exclude not only these restructuring charges but also roughly $10 million of costs associated with granting make-up TWC equity awards to Time Warner Cable employees to replace Time Warner, Inc. options and RGU's that went away or reduced in value as a result of the separation.  As we look forward, we expect year-over-year adjusted OIBDA growth in the second quarter to be somewhat slower than what we experienced in the first quarter. That is a product of multiple factors but most notably higher programming cost growth and a seasonal increase in bad debt caused by an internal accounting policy change that will reverse later in the year.  Turning to capital spending on the next slide, our first quarter capital spending was $769 million, a $77 million decrease from the first quarter 2008. Total capital expenditures as a percent of revenues declined to 17.6% from 20.3% last year. While overall capital spending was down we actually spent more on commercial CapEx than in last years first quarter but the increase was more than offset by the lower residential CapEx.  Not surprisingly, given lower net adds, our residential CPE spending was down meaningfully, declining 20% year-over-year. Even with the decline in CPE capital spending we actually increased our HD box inventory levels further in Q1. Most of the other capital expenditure categories declined as well with the principle exception being scalable infrastructure which was up $43 million as we continued investing in our HSD and VOD infrastructure.  Looking forward we continue to expect full-year 2009 capital spending to decline both in absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenues compared to last year.  Moving to slide 10, during the first quarter we grew adjusted OIBDA less CapEx 32% from Q1 2008 and we continue to expect our adjusted OIBDA less capital expenditures will grow at least as fast this year as it did last year. For the quarter we generated a very healthy $367 million of free cash flow. That is over $1.00 per share. The bottom line here is that we are generating more adjusted OIBDA and we are converting a greater portion of it into free cash flow.  The 11% year-over-year free cash flow growth was driven by higher adjusted OIBDA and lower CapEx offset in part by significantly higher interest payments. We also benefited on the cash tax line from a payment from Time Warner under our tax sharing agreement related to pre-separation periods.  Before I leave free cash flow I want to remind you that full-year 2008 and 2009 free cash flow benefit from bonus depreciation provisions from the Federal Economic Stimulus Act. We expect 2009 benefit will more than offset the first year reversal amount for the 2008 benefit keeping our cash taxes low throughout the year.  Remember, this savings will reverse over the next 5-7 years.  Moving to earnings per share, as a reminder our EPS numbers reflect the one for three reverse stock split we completed in March. We had basic and diluted earnings per share of $0.48 compared with $0.74 in last years first quarter. However, this quarters earnings per share included a number of items affecting comparability that in the aggregate reduced EPS by approximately $0.27. These items are highlighted on the slide and are detailed in our press release. If you exclude these items, EPS would have increased year-over-year.  Looking forward to full-year 2009, we continue to expect the full year diluted EPS will be around $3.00 despite the higher interest costs and the restructuring and equity compensation replacement costs I mentioned earlier.  Moving to the last slide, lets cover our balance sheet. After giving effect for the payment of our $10.9 billion special dividend, our March 31 net debt and mandatorily redeemable preferred equity totaled $23.1 billion which put our leverage ratio at 3.66 times. During the quarter we enhanced our liquidity with a $3 billion bond offering. The net proceeds were used to retire our bridge loan and reduce outstanding borrowings on our revolver, leaving us $3.7 billion of unused committed capacity with no additional maturities until February 2011.  We expect our free cash flow and adjusted OIBDA growth to enable us to de-lever quickly and we still expect our leverage ratio to be back down to around 3.25 times within a year of separation. That means by next March.  With that I will turn it over to Landel. 
Landel Hobbs :  Thanks Rob. Good morning everyone. In this difficult economic climate we are continuing to make investments to grow even stronger and at the same time we are fine tuning our execution.  Let me start with an update of the competitive landscape. In the first quarter there wasnt much change in satellite competition. Our internal models indicate we gained a small number of video subscribers from satellite operators on a net basis. Similar to the last several quarters we feel very good about our competitive position here.  In recent quarters telco competition has expanded to a more significant fraction of our footprint. Although that rate seems to have slowed slightly for the first quarter of 2009. We estimate at quarter end telco video offerings were available to around 22% of our footprint. AT&Ts U-verse product continued to be available to roughly twice as many of our homes passed as Verizons video offer. As Glenn indicated, the DTV transition helped us this quarter. Our analysis suggests that approximately 5% of over-the-air (OTA) households transitioned to us in the first quarter, when taking into consideration the percent of stations that actually switched in February.  This is similar to the effect we saw in Wilmington, North Carolina last September. To capture this opportunity, we have been offering a low price, basic only service as well as packages that include free basic video service if a customer takes Roadrunner or digital phone service. I think it the relatively high number of basic video net additions in Q1 demonstrate our success. In addition, we estimate that as many as 1/3 of these new subscribers took a Double or Triple Play offer.  It is important to note that we may see a similar impact in mid-June when the final DTV transition occurs.  At the core of our competitiveness versus either satellite or telco providers is our continuing commitment to make aggressive investments in our network. These investments enable us to offer the services that our customers demand right now and others they will expect in the future. We are not compromising our commitment in this area during the economic downturn.  Instead, we continue to press forward with significant investments which we think will make us even stronger and better able to serve our customers. Here are a few quick updates.  First, we are continuing to invest in the capacity of our fiber rich network. Our primary strategy here is to optimize bandwidth efficiency through implementation of switch digital video (SDV). Now installed in all of our SA systems, switch digital video is enabling us to augment our video offerings. We are making progress in switching in Motorola based systems as well. In fact, this month we launched SDV in a couple of small Moto based systems. When these solutions prove to be scalable, we expect to deploy switching in the remaining large systems, L.A., Dallas and Cleveland, towards and end of this year. Remember, in a couple of areas where it made economic sense we have invested in all digital conversion and capacity upgrades.  As a result, most of our big cities have more than 60 HD channels. LA has more than 70 and New York City has more than 100. We are not standing still. By the end of the year we are planning to increase the average number of HD channels available on our systems by another 50%. These efforts to expand and more efficiently use our capacity have paid off in our ability to compete much more effectively with our competitors.  Second, we are continuing to make investments in our On-Demand capabilities. So lets give a quick update on start over which we are rapidly deploying. It is now available to more than 5 million digital video subscribers in 26 Time Warner Cable cities, up from 22 cities last quarter. We are in the home stretch in our SA systems. Customers love it and satellite and telephone companies dont have it.  Third, I want to highlight our efforts in high speed data. We expect to launch DOCSIS 3.0 services in New York City soon. In fact, we will start the roll out this summer with the plan completed by year-end. In advance of our launch of DOCSIS 3.0 we have installed new CMTS equipment in Manhattan. To date, we have been testing at speeds as high as 138 down and 18 up. The system works great. We dont expect to offer speeds this fast initially but this demonstrates we will be fully capable of meeting our customers need for speed for the foreseeable future.  In addition, we have enhanced our customers experience with Roadrunner by deploying Power Boost to turbo subscribers across our footprint providing first speed of up to 16 down. We are also now making it available at no extra charge to Roadrunner standard subs. In the first quarter we launched it in five of our six regions with the remaining regions expected to be completed in the second quarter.  In addition to investments in the network we are surgically deploying our marketing resources during the downturn to provide solutions to price conscious consumers and to specific demographics. First, we are focused on Hispanic households. Los Angeles, for example, Hispanic subs grew 7% sequentially in the first quarter to more than 200,000 attracted by packages like El Pachatazo. We are planning to launch El Pachatazo in New York next month and in Texas later this year.  In addition, we are enthusiastic about our new agreement with Univision whose content is important to Hispanic households. Second, customer demand for price certainly continues to be very strong. We added nearly  million new POV subs this quarter, raising the total of 1.3 million or more than 80% of customer relationships.  As you have seen, we have increased our marketing spend in the first quarter on a sequential basis. Although Q1 spending remains below the year-ago level. The year-over-year decline was driven by several factors. First, we achieved improved cost efficiency due to current economic conditions in the ad market where we are benefiting from year-over-year savings on media purchases in the mid-teens percent range.  Second, we are more effectively using our purchasing power, primarily by centralizing media purchases in each region. Third, we are implementing a marketing plan this year that is more balanced throughout the year and more surgically targeted to specific customer segments compared to the front-end loaded and broad-based spending in recent years.  Now lets turn to operating efficiency. As I mentioned last quarter we have undertaken a fundamental restructuring of our regional operations to create a more effective, yet leaner organization. The new leadership teams are largely in place and we expect to fill the two remaining key positions shortly. This is particularly important to our commercial services business. This business has continued to grow rapidly even in the uncertain economic conditions in the past couple of quarters. However, we think it can and should grow even faster. We are focused on every aspect of the commercial business so in addition to a new management structure, upgrading our sales capabilities in terms of the number and experience levels of our sales professionals and in terms of more effective sales execution.  We are also more focused on our business processes, standardizing and streamlining the business to be more efficient. There is a very big market to address and today we have only touched a small fraction of it. So there is no single silver bullet. Turbo Charge is our commercial business. It is a lot of blocking and tackling. It is stuff we know how to do and we are on it. By taking these steps we believe that we can create a very large and very profitable commercial business as we move forward.  In terms of company-wide efficiency, we are continuing to trim non-customer facing positions. We mentioned last quarter that we plan to eliminate approximately 1,250 positions this year. About half of these reductions were completed in the first quarter and we expect the remaining reductions to take place in the second and third quarters and the total number now is closer to 1,200.  So in conclusion, we are focused on making the right investments and on executing during these tough times so we can work both stronger and leaner and be even better at meeting our customers needs.  Thank you. With that I will turn it over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call. 
Tom Robey:  Thanks Landel. Operator, we are ready to begin the Q&A portion of the conference call. We would ask each caller to ask a single question so that we can accommodate as many callers as time permits. First question please? 
 :
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant  Barclays Capital. 
Vijay Jayant  Barclays Capital : I really want to focus on the usage based pricing strategy. It seems to have hit a political wall. Can you sort of talk about what you are going to do going forward? Also, it seems to have been tied in with your DOCSIS 3.0 roll out and given what has happened there is there any change in the roll out timeline? 
Glenn Britt:  Let me address those two things separately because they really are separate issues. First of all DOCSIS 3.0 we think is a great technology and our plan is to gradually roll that out over the next couple of years. At the moment we dont see a huge enormous demand for that extra speed but we think over time there will be a demand. That is all in our capital planning. We will announce market by market as we decide to actually deploy that.  On the meter billing or consumption based billing, whatever you want to call that, I think the contents of that is that we are in a dynamic business sector. We are always trying, thinking about and talking about new products and services and new ways to create business models. In fact, if you go back to about the mid-90s we were basically a television company in a television industry and doing broadband, which didnt really exist at that point, was an innovative and pretty radical thing and hard to believe in hindsight but a lot of people thought it was a really stupid idea and it wouldnt work.  I raise that because I think in our business we are always going to keep trying things. In this case, we got a lot of push back so we backed off that trial plan but again this was just going to be a market trial. So I think you would expect us to keep trying things in the future in the spirit of this. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein. 
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein: Rob you mentioned managing to revenue per customer relationship and in the past we talked about also revenue per home passed. Maybe Landel can you give us a little insight into the way you manage your own regional general managers? Sort of what is it that you charge them with in their objectives and in their incentive comp, for example? Is it revenue per customer relationship? Is it revenue per home passed? Does it include a capital charge? I wonder if you could just elaborate on that a little bit. 
Landel Hobbs :  A couple of things. First of all, similar to the guidance we have given with what is happening in the economic environment this year in particular, we still charge our guys with less CapEx. Now, having said that lets talk about, and I think you have heard me talk about this before, in my monthly meetings I do with all operating executives I am focusing more and more attention and this is the reason we went to this concept of PSUs. I look at revenue and yield per primary service unit. I look at revenue and yield per customer relationship and I look at bundled migration. Those are some of the key metrics that I am holding my guys accountable for and that is what we spend a majority of the time each month looking at what has happened with those particular metrics and why. 
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein: Can you talk about some of the differences you see? In the past we have talked about some of the most economically hard hit markets like say Ohio or South Carolina. What kind of differences do you see in those very economically stressed markets versus the rest of the country overall? 
Landel Hobbs :  That is also pretty interesting because of what is happening in the economy today. It is almost an inverse of what you would think. Some of our historically most economically challenged markets like upstate New York or Ohio are faring what is happening today a little bit better. Now a lot of that is because of in some of our other markets like Texas, the Carolinas and even in L.A. we had tremendous home passed growth. In this downturn that has slowed dramatically. Yes, you do see differences in ARPUs or yields per CR and per product line but historically those markets that were troubled economically have actually been faring quite well in this economic downturn because of the homes passed change. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Rich Greenfield  Pali Capital. 
Rich Greenfield  Pali Capital : A question as you think about wireless, at the cable show there was a lot of discussion about Clearwire from both yourselves and Comcast. I am wondering as you look at the rest of the year how do you think about the costs starting to impact the business, because obviously I think you are responsible from the marketing side and the actual roll out. How will that actually translate and how do we think about the size of those numbers? Is there any kind of view of how much you might charge for a service like this? Just a housekeeping point relating to your comments about the early part of Q2. Does Easter holiday play a big role in that given the kind of length of the holiday period this year or are you seeing getting away from the holiday period in terms of what you are experiencing versus what you saw in Q1? 
Glenn Britt:  I will deal with the first one and Rob can answer the second one. On wireless, essentially we are in the early days with Clearwire. They have a build out plan and they are also a public company so I cant say stuff I shouldnt say about them. They have a build out plan they have shared with us. We plan to begin launching products in a few markets late this year or early next year. I dont think at this point there is a material economic impact on us one way or another. 
Robert Marcus :  With respect to the early Q2 results, it is really very early days and I am hesitant to draw any significant conclusions from what we have seen so far. I will go through what I think is not going on and sort of what remains is probably what is going on. We havent seen any material changes in the competitive dynamics in early Q2. We havent done anything meaningfully different on the marketing side in Q2. What is still the case is that we are living in a pretty uncertain economic environment and all of the indicators we look at to determine the health of the economy are still kind of lousy. More likely than not we still have a little bit of a hangover effect from that.  As to whether or not it is specific to the Easter holidays I will tell you it is really hard to ascertain that. Whether or not it is Easter itself or school holidays that have the biggest impact on our activity is hard to know. I wouldnt draw that conclusion. 
Rich Greenfield  Pali Capital : Historically your business hasnt been terribly volatile quarter-to-quarter. When you look at the RGU performance in Q4, Q1 and now the early part of Q2 is there any way to explain the pretty substantial volatility? 
Robert Marcus :  All I would say is I would sort of stick to the comments we made going into the year which is we are living in pretty uncertain times and I dont think you can use the past as a terrific guide of what we are going to see this year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from John Hodulik  UBS. 
John Hodulik  UBS: Rob is there any way you can help us quantify the effect of the digital transition? You said it is 5% growth in terms of the over the air household converting to your service. Can you give us a sense for how large the areas were that underwent the transition during the quarter? 
Robert Marcus :  It is kind of a funny process that is station by station as opposed to market by market. Roughly, and this is more art than science, we think we picked up somewhere in the order of 80,000 basic video customers as a result of the DTV transition. 
Landel Hobbs:  We think also that the 5% I gave in my up front comments, we saw that down in Wilmington. We saw that again when it is adjusted for the stations that actually moved in February because of the partial transition. We think we have probably seen half of the opportunity thus far with the remaining 50% of the opportunity happening in June. That transition date is June 12. We will probably see, if there is an impact, the majority of that in the second quarter and some of it will roll into the third. 
John Hodulik  UBS: Another 80,000 split between the second and third quarter? 
Landel Hobbs :  The math is close. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Jason Bazinet  Citi. 
Jason Bazinet  Citi : I guess going back to this RGU question between the fourth quarter and the first quarter there was about a 300,000 swing in RGUs and about half of that was on the video side and it sounds like based on your comments you thought about half of that was based on the digital transition. Do you have any sense that you got any other pull through from data and phone because of this transition or do you think it was pretty straight forward? Just free to air people going to pay TV? 
Glenn Britt:  Basically we think about 1/3 of those customers took additional products. Doubles or Triples. There was some pull through. There was some halo effect from this transition. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley. 
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Along those lines a little bit I wanted to ask about the ARPU and I think Landel you said up front you stabilized the data ARPU trends. Can you give us a little bit of color on what is happening there? I would have thought with the addition of the over-the-air subs which might be taking lighter tiered products that might have skewed that lower. Are you doing something with the installed base in terms of upgrades to help offset that? Any color would be helpful.
Landel Hobbs :  In terms of HSD ARPU a couple of things are going on. One is that we did have some price increases on the HSD product. We have also got the benefit of some additional commercial HSD ARPU so it is a combination of price increases and mix. One other thing that is worth mentioning is we continue to have pretty strong results from our Turbo products on the residential HSD side offset to some extent by more of light and basic HSD sell in. It is a combination of price and mix. 
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: The commercial ARPU pick up, you would see that? You have disclosed the commercial revs right? We see it in those numbers? 
Landel Hobbs :  Yes. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Tuna Amobi  Standard and Poors Equity Group.
Tuna Amobi  Standard and Poors Equity Group: If I can ask two quick questions. The first one is on your strategy for your post-spin off. Can you perhaps reiterate your commitment to staying as a pure play cable company particularly given the reports speculating that you might be interested in acquiring some online content, video, advertising sites? That is the first question. Secondly, on the phone deceleration that is kind of the warning trends we saw this quarter. I know wireless substation has been mentioned as a possible cause. Do you see digital phone now reaching some kind of plateau or is it kind of a one-time trend where you see people reverting back to the normalized trend? I would like to understand better what is going on with the digital phone. Any comment in that context along the lines of Adelphia markets would be helpful just to kind of get a better handle on that product. 
Glenn Britt:  Let me start with the first one. I think there is always going to be a lot of speculation about M&A. Who knows where that all comes from? As most companies we are not going to comment on rumors or any specific items somebody might raise. I would reiterate that our immediate focus is to remain an investment grade company and to use our free cash flow to pay down debt to the level that the rating agencies have indicated would make that comfortable. So that is our focus right now. 
Tuna Amobi  Standard and Poors Equity Group: Can you comment at least to stay in pure play, [kibble] without commenting on deals? Are you going to be open to diversifying your portfolio or just stay in pure play in the long-term is what I am trying to understand. 
Glenn Britt:  I understand that. I think I am better off not commenting. 
Landel Hobbs :  I will start and I think the other guys will probably chime in. A couple of comments. One, I would counsel against drawing broad trend conclusions from the last couple of quarters of results. There is just so much going on in there. I think if you look at the year-over-year first quarter results for phone I dont think the decline in phone is really materially different from the average of all the RGUs. There is a lot of noise in the system I would argue. In terms of reaching a phone cap, I think I have mentioned before to you that we have average penetration of 15% but we have some markets that are in the 30% zone. Those markets are growing nicely still. I continue to believe it is early to call the top or the end of the phone growth cycle. 
Robert Marcus :  The only thing I would add to that is if you look at our various product lines phone probably has been more impacted by the economy than others. I would say that we have been testing a bunch of different offers in the market place which seem to be improving some of the phone net adds. Other things I would note is that cord cutting absolutely is having an impact which I think we indicated in the fourth quarter but more I would say a larger impact on us is we are coming out of kind of a launch phase in some of those larger Adelphia markets. So you are seeing that impact as you move out of that launch phase in those large markets you are kind of now BAU and so you are also seeing that variable impact on phone growth. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch. 
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Your programming costs were up 8% in the first quarter and it sounds like it may even be higher in the second. I was wondering if you could talk about your relationship to the program and how you expect the relationship to evolve given the backdrop of friction from content being free online. If you could address it from a cable network as well as a broadcast network perspective that would be helpful. 
Robert Marcus :  Let me give you the facts first. Yes, programming costs were up about 8% in the quarter. That is higher than we experienced last year where for the full year we were up about 6% and I think it is consistent with what we articulated on the fourth quarter call. I do expect that over the course of the year our programming costs will be higher. I think you know the things that are driving that. It is a combination of new networks in particular, a full year of big ten and MLB network. There are some resets in there. A couple of the Fox services in particular that sort of have a step up function impact. Then we have more re-trend costs certainly this year than we did in the past. You couple that with normal contractual rate increases and that drives the cost growth higher than last year and higher than the first quarter.  I dont actually see a material change to the relationship with programmers that is going to affect this years numbers. The dye to some extent is cast. We are always negotiating but this years programming costs are kind of taking shape. In the fullness of time, however, the over-the-top video concept or frankly free over the air video certainly has an impact on the nature of our negotiations and relationship with programmers. 
Glenn Britt:  Let me just try to give a few sentences because it could be a long conversation and more time than we probably have. I think timeframe is important. Clearly if you go out long enough in the future and if all of the same content that is sold for subscription were to become available for free then consumers would migrate to the free. That is pretty straight forward as a concept. We are seeing a little of that now but I would say that is so little it is almost not measurable. So the conversations we are having are really more about what is going to happen down the road which may be way down the road. I think it is just as straight forward in the programming community has to decide what their business model is and if they want to be just supported by advertising then that is where they are going to go. If they like having subscription revenue, which I think most of them say they do, then we can make available technology that essentially would say if the consumer buys a subscription they could get access to programming from a lot of different sources on a lot of difference devices. So the technology is available. We are going to be doing some trials with some programmers later this year on that.  How it all evolves I think remains to be seen and largely is up to the programmers. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Doug Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank. 
Doug Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank : Can you talk a bit about video subscription ARPU trends as you look into 2Q and the rest of the year? I think it held up pretty well in the first quarter at about 4% year-over-year for video subscription ARPU. Is that the right level? Im just thinking about a couple of things. One, customers calling in for discounts or customers tiering down services. Is there a delayed impact from that activity due to the billing cycles? If people do that in 1Q it might have a greater impact on 2Q? Then just thinking about the basic subs you are adding from the digital transition maybe being lower ARPU subs is that 4% rate going to hold up or any context you could give us would be helpful. 
Landel Hobbs :  On video ARPU it was 4% growth year-over-year. I think it was up a couple of points sequentially. I dont think there is anything that should suggest a meaningfully different trend line. 
Doug Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank : So you are not necessarily seeing enough customers calling up looking for discounts or tiering down that it is having an impact on your ARPUs? 
Landel Hobbs :  Nothing material. 
Robert Marcus : Looking at the migration analysis every month we are seeing a little more of that but nothing material at this point in terms of downgrades from Triples to Doubles or Doubles to singles. On the DTV transition remember 1/3 of those took multiple products. The other ones did come in at lower price promo offers so there was some impact but that is pretty well embedded in the results you saw in the first quarter. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse. 
Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse: I guess the first question is for Rob. The CapEx decline you saw in the first quarter both in dollar terms and as a percentage of revenues is that roughly how we should be thinking about the full-year decline or is there some lumpiness through the rest of the three quarters? I was just curious if you could just give us a little color on data as you increased prices can you just talk a little bit about the impact on churn if it has been material at all or different than your expectations? 
Robert Marcus :  I am not going to really expand too much on what we have said about CapEx in the past which is it is going to be down in absolute dollars over the year and down as a percentage of revenue. There is always some lumpiness and there is always some net add driven elements to CapEx spend in any given quarter. So I dont want to call sort of that it will be 769 each quarter in the remainder of the year. I will say that the fact that we actually increased our HD set top box inventory in Q1 positions us pretty well for the remainder of the year as we continue to add subs. That is about all Im going to say on CapEx. 
Landel Hobbs :  On the data pricing I think as Rob indicated we did focus on our data prices moving into 2009. We took price increases but we have seen virtually no impact on churn. Churn has held in there. It is fairly stable. 
Robert Marcus :  I actually missed the second part of the question but churn is really a good story across the board and on a sequential basis churn is down in every product category and on a year-over-year basis it is down on all products except for basic video and digital it has worked up a smidge. So a really good story on churn. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Tom Eagan  Collins Stewart. 
Tom Eagan  Collins Stewart : Just a question on a margin, I may have missed it but I know you talked about programming costs kind of accelerating or rising higher in the back part of the year. On the Q4 call you mentioned you thought margin would be flat to down for 2009 versus 2008. Is that still what you are thinking? 
Robert Marcus :  I think I actually, you may be right about the specific words we used but we were just thinking kind of flattish margins coming into the year. Obviously Q1 was due to our very aggressive expense management was a better margin quarter than was last years first quarter. It is hard to say at this point. Again, it is still hard to exactly read this uncertain environment but we are feeling very good having now completed one quarter with margins that were materially better than the last years. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Marci Ryvicker  Wachovia. 
Marci Ryvicker  Wachovia : How did the month trend in the first quarter in terms of subscribers? Was February significantly stronger than January and March? 
Robert Marcus :  I think the simple answer is that February was the best month in the quarter and that is probably as far as I am going to go on that one. 
Marci Ryvicker  Wachovia : You mentioned that fiber competition slowed since the first quarter. Is that more U-Verse or FiOS or both? 
Landel Hobbs :  Looking at the composition of that roughly 22% at the end of the first quarter was 15% U-verse and 7% FiOS. What activity we saw was primarily U-verse in the quarter versus any expansion for FiOS. 
Tom Robey:  Thank you. That concludes todays conference call. A replay will be available on our website shortly. Thanks for joining us.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-04 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Tom Robey - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations  Glenn A. Britt - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Robert D. Marcus - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President Landel C. Hobbs - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch Ingrid Chung  Goldman Sachs  
Operator: Welcome to the Time Warner Cable fourth quarter 2008 earnings. (Operator Instructions) Now I will turn the call over to Mr. Tom Robey, Senior Vice President of Time Warner Cable Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 
Tom Robey:  Good morning everyone. Welcome to Time Warner Cable's 2008 full year and fourth quarter earnings conference call. This morning we issued a press release detailing our 2008 full year and fourth quarter results.  Before we begin, there are several items I need to cover. First, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures, including operating income or loss before depreciation and amortization, and adjusted operating income before depreciation and amortization or adjusted OIBDA. Schedules setting out reconciliations of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release or our trending schedules.  Second, todays announcement includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 which are based on managements current expectations and beliefs and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements herein due to various factors including economic, business, competitive, technological, strategic and/or regulatory changes that could affect our business. These factors are discussed in detail in Time Warner Cable's SEC filings, including its most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q.  Time Warner Cable is under no obligation to, and in fact expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  Finally, todays release, trending schedules, presentation slides and related reconciliation schedules are available on our companys website at www.timewarnercable.com/investors. A replay of todays call will be available today beginning approximately two hours after the call has ended and will run through midnight Friday, February 6.  With all of that covered, Ill thank you and turn the call over to Glenn. Glenn?
Glenn Britt: Thanks Tom. Good morning everyone. Despite a rough economy and increased competition we grew both revenues and adjusted OIBDA in 2008 by 8% each. We delivered a record $1.8 billion in free cash flow. From this perspective 2008 was a very good year for Time Warner Cable. Of course it was also a tough year in several ways. Reflecting the difficult economy advertising revenue was weak, growing only 4% despite strong political spending in the second half of the year.  Because advertising tends to be a high margin business, this slower growth weighed on the companys overall profitability. We added 2.2 million revenue generating units in 2008, a large number but much slower than 2007 due to dramatically slower fourth quarter RGU growth. We warned of this slow down during our last earnings call but now it has happened so we should spend a few minutes talking about it.  Remember that our business is characterized by a large number of transactions; connects and disconnects. They net to a relatively small change against a large base of subscribers. These net changes are determined by two things. First, forces in the business environment and second our own actions.  Though the details vary by product and vary by geographic region the broad trends are very consistent. So what is going on around us in the business environment? First the economy is weak, that is not news to anyone. Consumers are spending less on a broad range of goods and services.  Second, Telco competition has expanded to a more significant fraction of our footprint. As they enter new areas they have initial gains and subscribers. You remember that we benefited from the same phenomenon when we rolled out digital phone a few years ago.  So thats what is going on in the environment. What about our own actions?  We are always balancing subscriber growth versus profits versus long term quality of our subscriber base. The primary tools we use are offer strategy, credit policies and marketing spend. The fourth quarter we remained conservative on credit policies. We tried to hold the line on pricing and we took a measured approach to marketing spend.  These actions change over time and we constantly debate the right balance. My take away from 2008 performance is that we are not immune to the economic and competitive forces around us. However, our strong subscription relationships enable us to perform better than many other businesses even in these difficult economic times. We have continued to grow as many other industries contract and we have demonstrated that our business can continue to generate impressive levels of free cash flow.  Turning to 2009, I would like to highlight several specific areas in which we expect to focus our efforts. First, we will continue to focus on striking the right balance between subscriber growth and profitability. As we enter 2009 the environment obviously is not improving. However, we are cautiously increasing marketing spend and we are seeing some positive impact from that.  Second, we are going to pay a lot of attention to costs. This isnt something new for us but there is a heightened need for disciplined management of costs both indirect and direct costs in this economic environment. We intend to reduce indirect costs and will continue to find ways to operate our business more efficiently. We believe these measures will enhance the long-term value of our business.  We are also looking hard on costs that directly relate to activity levels. Fewer consumers are moving and RGU growth is slower than it was before the economy turned. That means we need fewer front line personnel. At the moment we believe we can match our costs to activity levels through attrition but we are going to continue to monitor that situation closely.  Third we expect the Telcos to continue the expansion of their video footprints. We are going to focus on differentiating our product rather than just price competition. We are going to approach this through innovation and by more clearly defining our brand and its meaning to consumers. Our efforts will be guided by our understanding of what consumers really want rather than simply copying our competitors. We will market our services aggressively asserting our competitive advantages.  Fourth we will continue our focus on commercial business which we see as our biggest near-term growth opportunity. Our commercial revenues grew at three times the rate of residential revenues in 2008. We expect that in the year ahead they can continue to grow at very healthy rates despite the weak economy. It is important with that expectation we are structuring our commercial business to give it the attention and resources that it requires.  Fifth, we expect to make meaningful progress in further defining our wireless strategy. As we said before we have no intention of creating another cellular telephone company. However, we do see opportunity over time to offer a broad array of services to a variety of devices over both wired and wireless transmission technologies. As part of this we plan to roll out an additional offering in conjunction with Clear Wire in at least one city later this year.  Sixth, we expect near, tangible progress in advanced advertising from the Canoe venture.  Turning next to the financial outlook I think you will agree in the current environment it is very difficult to forecast financial results with any precision. As a result we will share with you a forward looking perspective that includes both quantitative and qualitative elements but perhaps in less detail and less formal manner than in the past. We intend to provide updates throughout the year. Rob will speak more to our forward looking views in a minute.  To summarize, we have a fundamentally strong business built primarily on subscription relationships with more than 14.5 million consumers. We think this makes Time Warner Cable better positioned for the current economic environment than any other businesses.  In financial terms we are focused on growing the business in 2009 as we continue to balance subscriber growth and profitability.  We intend to drive 2009 performance through differentiation from our competitors and relentless focus on costs. We have the ability to manage spending, both operating expense and capital to fit the economic realities as the year progresses. As a result we expect to generate healthy levels of free cash flow even in periods of more moderate growth.  Before we go to Rob let me briefly update you on the separation from Time Warner. Although nothing is ever certain we hope to get the regulatory approvals and complete the transaction in the very near future.  Now Rob will give you additional insight into our financial performance.
Robert Marcus:  Thanks Glenn and good morning everyone. As Glenn mentioned, despite the very challenging economy and increased competition 2008 was a good year for Time Warner Cable with solid subscriber and financial results. Let me start with the 2008 highlights on slide three.  We reported a record $1.8 billion of full-year free cash flow, up an extremely healthy 67% over last year. We grew full year 2008 revenues and adjusted OIBDA 8% meeting our full year guidance. For the year we added over 2.2 million net RGUs bringing our total to 34.2 million. We continued to add bundle customers, ending the year with over 3 million triple-play customers and 7.9 million customers in either double or triple play packages. That is 54% of our total customer relationship that are in bundles now and that generally means lower churn and higher ARPU.  Finally, we continued to make progress in our commercial operations with year-over-year revenue growth exceeding 20% for the fourth quarter and the full year.  Turning to the next slide lets review our subscriber metrics. Before I get into the numbers I want to remind you of several items that affected our subscriber metrics.  First, our year end subscriber counts in all categories reflect the elimination of approximately 126,000 RGUs including 78,000 basic video subscribers from the non-core systems sale that closed during the fourth quarter.  Second, we lost between 8-9,000 RGUs as a result of Hurricane Ike. That adjustment reduced our fourth quarter and full year net additions. Third, as we continued to refine how we count residential and commercial customers we reclassified 15,000 commercial HSD customers to residential HSD subs.  Let me quickly summarize the full year subscriber story and then I will get into the fourth quarter results. For the year we had a basic video net loss of 104,000 which was an improvement over the 144,000 basic subs we lost in 2007. Digital video subscribers increased nearly 8% with HD capable subscribers climbing nearly 50% and DVR subs increasing nearly 20%.  Residential high speed data subs grew nearly 11% with over 40% of HSD net ads choosing our turbo service. Residential digital phone subscribers rose 30%. We also added 40,000 net customer relationships for the year ending 2008 with 14.6 million.  Turning now to the fourth quarter, as we told you when we reported our third quarter results we witnessed a dramatic slow down in RGU net additions as the fourth quarter began. That trend actually worsened in November which was the low point for the quarter and then improved modestly during December.  Nonetheless, RGU net adds were down substantially year-over-year in each month of the quarter resulting in fourth quarter RGU additions of 175,000. The RGU slow down affected all six of our regions and all RGU categories. We saw both a reduction in connects as well as an up tick in disconnects.  We also continued to see signs of weakness in some of our premium services such as DVRs where net additions have been slowing since the fourth quarter of 2007 and pay TV where subscribers declined in the fourth quarter.  We lost 119,000 basic video subscribers in Q4 compared to 50,000 basic video subs lost in the fourth quarter 2007. Fourth quarter digital video subscriber net adds slowed to 44,000 versus 168,000 in the prior year quarter. We added 313,000 HD capable customers and more than half of our digital subs are now HD capable.  DVR subs increased by just 87,000 versus 253,000 in last years fourth quarter. At year end nearly 47% of our digital video subscribers had DVRs. Residential HSD net additions were 124,000 in the fourth quarter including the reclassification that I mentioned earlier. That compares to 214,000 net adds in last years fourth quarter.  Residential HSD penetration approached 32% at year end. Residential digital phone net adds were 130,000 in the fourth quarter compared to 282,000 in Q4 2007. As of year end, residential digital phone penetration stood at nearly 14.5% of service ready homes. As Glenn explained we largely attribute the RGU slow down to three factors.  First, the weak economy has undoubtedly had an impact. Second, competition is increasing in our footprint and third on the digital phone side we believe that wireless substitution is having an increasing impact on both connects and disconnects and this phenomenon appears to have accelerated as the economy has weakened and consumers have looked to cut costs.  Before we leave subscriber performance I want to give you some sense of what we are seeing so far in 2009. As I mentioned earlier November was the weakest month of Q4 with modest improvement in December. As we have ramped our marketing efforts we are seeing continued improvement in the New Year and that is particularly true over the last several weeks.  To be sure, net adds are still dramatically below last years levels but we are somewhat encouraged by the recent trends. Moving on to our financial results on the next slide. We had solid revenue growth of 8% in both the fourth quarter and the full year. Fourth quarter revenues of $4.4 billion grew $313 million over Q4 2007. Subscription revenues increased 8% while ad revenues grew 6% during the quarter. On the subscription revenue side the 8% increase was driven by year-over-year growth in RGUs as subscription revenue for RGU was stable.  Breaking down our revenues by product line, video grew 4%, HSD increased 11% and voice grew 29%. On a dollar basis, growth was relatively evenly split across all three services. Residential subscription revenues grew 7% while commercial revenues grew over 20%. I am going to come back to our commercial operation in a moment.  Advertising revenues reflected higher political advertising in October and early November and some changes that occurred during the last 12 months that we previously discussed including our taking over management of Charters global ad sales business in L.A. These positives were largely offset by a year-over-year decline of 13% in our core ad business. That decline is symptomatic of general weakness in the ad market place and in particular in the auto and retail categories on which we are especially dependent. This weakness has continued into the first quarter of this year.  Total ARPU for basic video subscriber increased 8% year-over-year in the fourth quarter to approximately $111 per month with subscription ARPU up 9% to about $105 per month. Looking at ARPU by product line for the quarter video ARPU increased year-over-year driven primarily by higher basic video ARPU and increased digital video penetration.  Total HSD ARPU declined slightly reflecting a small decline in residential HSD ARPU which was partially offset by a healthy increase in commercial HSD ARPU. Total voice ARPU declined modestly year-over-year with both residential and commercial voice ARPU declining.  Lets turn to our commercial operations in the next slide. As I mentioned earlier, commercial revenues grew over 20% both for the full year and the fourth quarter and we approached $800 million of commercial revenues for the year. We expect commercial revenues to continue to grow more than twice as fast as our residential revenues in 2009. Although the commercial business continues to represent a relatively small portion of our total revenues, less than 5% in fact, it accounted for over 10% of our total revenue growth in both the fourth quarter and the full year.  Excluding the reclassification I mentioned earlier, we grew commercial HSD subs by 4,000 in the fourth quarter ending the year with 283,000 customers. Commercial phone net adds were 7,000 and we ended the year with 30,000 subs. Average lines for commercial voice customer increased to 2.75 at year end up from 2.2 at the end of 2007.  As you can see from the chart approximately 2/3 of the total commercial revenues in 2008 came from data. Video comprised much of the remainder while we had a small, but growing, contribution from voice. As Landel will detail more in a minute, we are increasingly focused on structuring our organization to support the rapid growth in our commercial services.  Turning to adjusted OIBDA on the next slide, for the full year adjusted OIBDA increased 8% to $6.19 billion with the margin remaining flat at 36%. This despite softness in our high margin advertising business. Fourth quarter adjusted OIBDA of $1.66 billion grew 6% year-over-year. Our adjusted OIBDA margin for the quarter declined 50 basis points year-over-year to 37.7%. The modest decrease in margin resulted from small increases in a variety of expense items including employee costs; professional fees and hurricane rebuild costs.  As a reminder, adjusted OIBDA excludes the previously disclosed $14.8 billion FAS 142 impairment of cable franchise rights and a $58 million loss on our sale of certain non-core cable systems, $13 million of which hit in the fourth quarter.  As we look towards 2009, we expect to continue to grow adjusted OIBDA despite accelerating program expense increases, loss of high margin political advertising and significantly higher pension expense. We plan to do this in part by aggressively managing our controllable costs especially manpower expenses.  Landel will cover our organizational initiatives in more detail but in this regard we expect to take restructuring charges in the course of 2009 totaling somewhere between $50-100 million pre-tax. I should note that when we talk about adjusted OIBDA for 2009 it will exclude these restructuring charges as well as roughly $20-40 million of pre-tax costs associated with granting new TWC equity awards to Time Warner Cable employees to make up for the previously granted Time Warner, Inc. awards that will go away or will be reduced in value in connection with the separation.  Moving on to our 2008 full year per share results on slide nine. We had a basic and diluted loss per share of $7.52. However, 2008 loss per share included a number of items affecting comparability that in the aggregate reduced EPS by approximately $8.77. These items are highlighted on the slide and are detailed in our press release.  Excluding both the 2007 and 2008 items, EPS would have increased by more than 15% year-over-year.  Looking forward to 2009, we expect that full year diluted EPS will be around $1.00 despite higher interest costs as well as the restructuring and equity compensation replacement costs I mentioned earlier. Before I move to capital I should note that in connection with the separation and a $10.27 per share special dividend we are considering a reverse stock split which if implemented would affect our share count, our per share price and our per share results.  Turning to capital on the next slide, our full year capital spending was $3.5 billion, an $89 million increase from 2007 and in line with our expectations. Residential capital spending declined year-over-year but that decline was offset by increased commercial CapEx. Total capital expenditures as a percentage of revenues declined to 20.5% from 21.5% in 2007.  Taking a look at the specific categories, only CPE spending increased as demand for advanced high definition set top boxes remained robust. Looking forward we expect 2009 capital spending to decline both in absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenue.  Lets look at free cash flow in the next slide. We generated a very healthy $1.8 billion of free cash flow for the full year 2008. That is 67% better than last year. We converted 29% of our adjusted OIBDA into free cash flow for the year up from 18% last year. Free cash flow growth was driven by higher adjusted OIBDA, favorable working capital comparisons and lower net tax and interest payments. These items were offset in part by significantly higher pension contributions.  Let me elaborate a bit on some of these drivers. First, lower cash interest payments resulted from lower net debt levels and the timing of interest payments. We expect that cash interest will increase in 2009 as a result of increased debt incurred to pay our $10.9 billion special dividend. As a reminder, we issued $7 billion of debt securities in 2008 in anticipation of this special dividend and the first coupon payment on these bonds didnt begin until 2009.  Second, 2008 free cash flow benefited from the bonus depreciation provisions of the economic stimulus act. Current expectations are that bonus depreciation will continue into 2009. If not, 2009 cash taxes will increase and the 2008 cash tax savings would reverse over the next 5-7 years.  Finally, the increase in pension contributions was in response to the impact of the overall stock market decline had on our pension plan assets. At year end our qualified pension plans were 87% funded.  While adjusted OIBDA and free cash flow remain important metrics for us in evaluating the overall strength of our business we are also very focused on adjusted OIBDA less CapEx, a metric that will in effect drive our annual compensation in 2009. Increasingly we are focused on this metric in addition to OIBDA because it reflects operating costs and capital expenditures.  For 2008 adjusted OIBDA less CapEx grew 15%. As we look forward we expect our adjusted OIBDA minus capital expenditures will grow at least as fast in 2009 as it did in 2008.  Turning to the last slide, at December 31, our net debt and mandatorily redeemable preferred equity totaled $12.6 billion which put our leverage ratio at two times. At year end we had more than $13.1 billion of available committed sources of funds including $5.4 billion of cash as well as $1.9 billion under our bridge facility and $5.7 billion under our revolving credit facility. Therefore, after paying the $10.9 billion special dividend we will have at least $2.3 billion of excess committed availability.  Our liquidity will be further enhanced by any free cash flow we generate after December 31. Following the special dividend and the separation from Time Warner we expect to de-lever rapidly which is consistent with our commitment to maintaining our solid investment grade ratings. Although somewhat dependent on when these close, we expect that our leverage ratio will be around 3.8 times at separation and will be back down to around 3.25 times within about a year thereafter, comfortably within rating agency guidelines.  With that I will turn it over to Landel. 
Landel Hobbs:  Thanks Rob and good morning everyone. In this difficult economic climate our operations team has focused primarily on two areas; first competitiveness and second operational efficiency and cost management. In the next few minutes I want to share with you some of the initiatives we have in place to address both.  Competition is nothing new to Time Warner Cable. We recognize that the competitive landscape is changing. In addition it is pretty clear that the effects of competition are inter-related with those of the increasingly challenging economy. Let me note that in any environment including this one we are constantly evaluating among other things ARPU, profitability and market share.  We made proactive decisions with regard to the various levers such as price and marketing that impact these measures and we can change the emphasis of the various levers we think in the best interest of the business.  Now let me first outline the status of competition, then I will share with you our initiatives on this front. Satellite competition has not exhibited substantial change in recent quarters. Our internal models indicate that we lost very few basic video subscribers to satellite operators in the fourth quarter of 2008 following a quarter in which we actually gained subs on a net basis. We feel good about our competitive position here.  Telco competition hasnt necessarily become more intense and we have seen fairly similar tactics over time. However, it has expanded to a more significant fraction of our footprint. We estimate that as of the end of 2008 Telco video offerings were available to around 21% of our footprint. That is up from approximately 18% a quarter earlier and 6% at the end of 2007.  In the fourth quarter AT&Ts Hubris product was available to roughly twice as many of our homes as Verizons video offering and consequently it had a more significant impact. As Glenn indicated, the growth in the Telco video offerings in our footprint is not unlike our own situation when we were launching our own digital phone products. We see a more significant impact during the loss phase.  With that as a backdrop I will outline several initiatives supporting our strong competitive position in a time of increasing economic and competitive pressure. These initiatives will go to the heart of how we compete.  In a few areas like HD programming we consider what we are doing as table sticks. Other initiatives are meant to differentiate us from our competition. First, I will cover high definition. High definition programming as we have said before is a matter of not only the amount of content but also the quality of that content. Over time we are providing both but we are focused on providing the most important channels first.  We now have an average of 57 HD channels in our footprint and these encompass the most popular channels. In certain key cities we have much more. For example, in New York City we as of today have 100 HD channels available. Remember, Time Warner Cable is home of the free HD. In 2009 we plan to add even more of the best HD content across our entire footprint.  Second we are focused on Hispanic households. In 2008 we increased the number of subscribers to our Hispanic tiers in New York City, Los Angeles and Texas by roughly 1/3. In L.A. our [el pachatazo] full basic product in particular continues to attract new and bundled subs. In fact, 69% of [el pachatazo] subs are new to Time Warner Cable and 75% take multiple products.  Nationally our brand awareness staff with Hispanics have jumped. At the beginning of 2008 only 35% of Hispanics mentioned Time Warner Cable in a survey of un-aided awareness. By year end that number had jumped to nearly 50%. This is a great start and we will continue to drive our Hispanic offerings in 2009.  Third, within our competitive set we recognize the importance of differentiated value oriented offerings in the current economic environment. We have had tiered offerings in each of our three primary residential services for quite some time. We have talked about our high end, Road Runner Turbo products which accounted for more than 40% of 2008 net adds. In 2008 we completed the roll out of Power Boost to Turbo subs system wide and now we are bringing it to all Road Runner standard customers as a value added feature. Power Boost delivers burst speed up to 22.  We continue to expand the capability of our high speed data network in terms of both speed and track. In 2009 we will make higher speed of 3.0 services available in select markets and we believe that some customers will find these higher speeds and higher priced services attractive. To enable us to continue to accommodate these higher traffic volumes we believe it is important to add the dimension of amount consumed to the consumer equation. That idea may put to rest much of the net neutrality debate.  To that end we will increase the number of cities where we implement consumption based billing this year. In addition, we also have two lower speed tiers that fit tighter budgets. In some of our service areas we sell our Road Runner Light product for as low as $14.95 per month when bundled with another service. In addition, we have also had considerable success with our Road Runner basic tier which simply provides downstream speeds of between 1.5 and 3. Together, these two value tiers comprised about 1/3 of our net adds last year.  Similarly, we have three principle tiers in our digital phone product set and while the unlimited tier continues to attract almost 70% of the net adds in the fourth quarter we saw an increasing percentage of new subs attracted to lower price, local and in-state calling plans. Just as a note, it is hard to exactly quantify the impact of wireless substitution especially now that economic [inaudible] is far more prevalent than some technological notion of going wireless.  What we do know is that some customers are eager to right size their bundle with us and digital phone is the most mentioned item for down sizing. We are combating this trend with programs like price lock guarantee and also a value center promotion for digital phones. In the Carolinas, for example, we have been offering a promotional price of $19.95 per month for six months. This has stabilized digital phone net add levels while providing a peak in promotion for up selling into price lock guarantee.  Fourth, in addition to our focus on value we are introducing ways to make our customers lives simpler. One of the most prominent is start over which enables time shifting without the need for any prior plan. At the end of 2008 start over was available to 3.2 million digital subscribers in 22 cities and we delivered over 60 million start over streams during the year.  Another application that has been a real hit among our subscribers is caller ID on television. More than 2/3 of our digital phone subs can see who is calling without leaving the comfort of the sofa. In December alone we delivered over one half billion caller ID messages to customers televisions. In addition, we introduced a completely revamped Timewarnercable.com last week. Our primary objective in the redesign was to make it a more effective sales and support channel for bundled services by encouraging self-care through our new online knowledge base, click to talk and click to chat capabilities and we expect to empower customers to solve problems and at the same time reduce our call center volumes.  In addition, by seamlessly guiding users through the purchase process we expect to more quickly meet their needs by more effectively up selling and bundling our services.  Fifth, bundling and price lock guarantee remain the lynch pins of our marketing strategy. In 2008 alone, nearly  of a million customers signed up for the value convenience of our triple play package. We now have more than a million customers taking advantage of the price lock guarantee. This program answers the customers right sizing urge while effectively maintaining ARPU. Deterrence statistics among this group remain impressively low. We are now deploying a proprietary, purpose built segmentation tool to help us with targeting both for PLGF selling, Hispanic targeting or just more effectively defending our competitive position. This is not an off-the-shelf product but one that narrows the field to a few key segments each with unique characteristics that will help us tailor not just our marketing but also product and care delivery.  Moving next to operating efficiency, I want to highlight a couple of restructuring and cost reduction measures. As I mentioned last quarter during 2008 we restructured our operations into six regions from the couple dozen operating divisions we previously managed. Through the end of last year this restructuring reduced the size of our organization by roughly 500 positions and we now have a leaner, more agile structure.  Now it is time for the next step. In each of our six regions we are appointing three senior executives reporting to the regional executive vice president. First we will head up residential services will be 100% focused on driving the growth of our residential subscription business. Next, recognizing that our commercial business has come of age and has characteristics distinctly different from residential we are appointing an executive in each region to lead commercial services.  These two executives will have responsibility for refining our market segmentation and driving the growth of their respective businesses. Third, supporting these two businesses each region will have an executive responsible for managing the plant and network operations that underlay the two businesses. We expect that this structure will enable us to sharpen the focus that we bring to our two subscription based businesses and to further strengthen and standardize the infrastructure on which they built.  In addition, this round of restructuring will allow us to continue to take costs out of the business. We expect to eliminate 1,250 employees most of which will come out of our non-customer base ranks saving us close to $90 million on an annual basis.  In conclusion we are focused on very specific initiatives to further strengthen our competitive position in this difficult economic climate. We are delivering more products that are easy to buy, easy to use and easy to afford. We are aggressively taking costs out of our business and structuring it to drive growth efficiently.  Thank you and with that I will turn it over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call. 
Tom Robey:  We are ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. As usual we would ask each caller to ask just a single question so we can accommodate as many callers as time permits. 
 :
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley. 
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: My question centers around programming costs. You talk a lot about cost initiatives across the board in 2009. I dont know if you can speak to what you expect your programming cost budget to grow roughly in 2009? I think you have a number of contracts like Fox News which will be up on a year-over-year basis and some re-trans payments. Then more strategically you have talked about the migration of content online by your suppliers. What can you do contractually as you start moving through more and more contract renewals to try and get some of these people to lease given the proliferation of content deployed on multiple devices? It seems like you have got maybe more leverage there than we are seeing in the model right now. 
Robert Marcus:  You will notice that programming cost increases in Q4 were actually notably low 5% up over Q4 of 2007. That is the product of a number of ins and outs but we had in addition to the lower basic sub numbers in the quarter we also had some one-time items that positively affected Q4 this year. As we look forward into 2009 I think implicit in your question is that programming costs are going to go up and I think that is a fair assumption. A bunch of things in there; one, we do have increased re-transmission consent costs that we are expecting in 2009 over 2008. In addition we have a bunch of new services. We have the full year of the big ten. We have the launch of the MLB network. In addition to that we have our usual contractual rate increases. Overall I would expect programming costs to increase more in 2009 than they did in 2008 and while there are still some moving pieces here I am thinking they might approach double digit growth is not unreasonable. 
Glenn Britt:  Just one more piece of programming costs, I may have done this last quarter but lets talk about re-transmission consent for a minute. I think that re-transmission consent is a mechanism is broken. At least the way in which negotiations are conducted and the holding hostage of the public. If you go back to the origins of this law I think it goes back to the 1992 Telecom Act so it goes back a long time now. That was a very different environment. If my memory is right at that time more than half of the homes in the country still watched TV directly off air. Congress was very concerned about what looks like the gradual deterioration of the broadcast industry at that point in time.  The inspiration behind re-transmission consent was to have the cable industry and cable subscribers subsidize and put sort of save free TV. Also at that time there wasnt much direct competition to cable although there was indirect competition. So fast forward to now there is lots of multi-channel video providers and probably only 10% of the homes watch TV directly off air. Everybody else watches through cable or satellite or increasingly Telco. So a very different environment. So you effectively have a mechanism to potentially tax 90% of the homes to save the broadcast mechanism for 10%.  I dont have any quarrel with that notion. If Congress wants that I certainly have no quarrel with that. But there ought to be a better mechanism for figuring out what the amount of that tax is other than sort of [mixmanship] that we have seen and that doesnt really serve anybody well. So you will be hearing more about that going forward.  On the online issue, I think just to clarify what I have been saying, the whole cable network industry and cable operator, when I say cable operator I mean all distributors satellite and Telco too, this whole economic ecosystem is dependent on subscription revenue and ad revenue and what I have really been saying is that as cable networks put more and more content online for free that will over time start eroding the subscription revenue source. There isnt a whole lot that we can do about that. This is the program networks that are doing it. The reality is we are starting to see the beginnings of core cutting where people, typically young people, are saying all I need is broadband. I dont need video and obviously they are already saying they dont need wire line phone.  So the impact of that potentially over time is to reduce the number of customers. I am saying all this because my remarks get misinterpreted. I am not saying these things as a negotiating ploy. I am really saying them to predict that people will choose not to buy subscription video if they can get the same stuff for free. In other words, free wins. If we dont have a customer then the programmers dont get paid for the customer that we dont have anymore.  I think I am right that about  of the average cable networking revenues are subscription and half are advertising. So I think the danger here is that over time the subscription revenue could erode. We, by the way, have a very nice broadband business so we can figure a way to be in a nice place. I think the cable network business will suffer mightily if this trend continues. So that is really what I have been talking about. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse. 
Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse: I guess the first question I have is regarding margins. EBITDA margins have been pretty flattish over the last two years and it seems like when you bought the Adelphia systems there was this expectation over some longer term period margins would actually increase. I was wondering if you guys still expect that or if not what has changed? Is it the programming cost growth which seems to be accelerating? Then a quick housekeeping question, can you give us a sense of how much in capital you plan to deploy for commercial in 2009? 
Robert Marcus:  On margins, I guess your question is what are we thinking about for 2009 margins. As Glenn said in his remarks one of the vagaries of the current economic environment is that it is very tough to forecast and it is even more difficult to forecast individual line items of the P&L. So we are clearly shying away from that and focusing on the fact that under certain circumstances we will react in different ways to manage the bottom line number. I cant tell you exactly where the various pieces are going to fall out and whether or not margins will be up or down. I dont expect a material difference in margins in 2009 but it could go either way. 
Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse: Even beyond 2009, long range margins. I guess has the integration of the Adelphia systems been in line with your expectations? Better or worse? What is different? 
Robert Marcus:  Both L.A. and Dallas while margins have improved throughout this year are still substantially lower margin systems than the footprint as a whole. So that gap is still there. It is shrinking but it is shrinking at a relatively slow pace. 
Landel Hobbs:  The only thing I would add in is remember the Adelphia acquisition what is also impacting the margin expansion there is of course the economy. We didnt anticipate when we currently looked at margin expansion. It is happening in Dallas and L.A. as Rob indicated at a slower pace but then we had the economic conditions that we didnt anticipate. You were right, programming will continue to impact margins. 
Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse: On commercial Rob? 
Robert Marcus:  Im sorry, what was the question? 
Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse:  In terms of 2009 capital, a rough sense of how much you expect to be devoting to commercial. 
Robert Marcus:  Again, I said in aggregate that capital would be down absolutely and as a percentage of revenues. I think it is fair to say that residential capital will continue to come down and commercial capital will likely go up but that is all Im going to say at this point. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein.
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein: Let me drill down a little bit more on CapEx. CapEx was clearly down year-over-year but a little higher than we expected in the fourth quarter. Can you just give us an update on where you are with respect to DOCSIS 3.0 and switch digital? You talked about lower HD DVR demand than a year ago. I assume that ASPs for those units have come down significantly as well. Im just trying to get my mind around sort of where the capital is going. Related to that, is there some room in the stimulus plan as you current read it particularly in the Senate version to get some offsets for broadband spending around DOCSIS? The second question now you have seen a second test market in the digital TV transition with the transition in Hawaii and Im wondering if you can sort of reflect on what you have seen in Hawaii and Wilmington now combined for the DTV transition? 
Glenn Britt:  There is actually four or five questions in there. Let me take a couple and hand it back to Rob. First of all, switch digital video we continue to roll out. We are getting close to being done with that and Im not quite sure we are there. 
Robert Marcus:  We should finish switch digital video implementations in 2009. The only factor out there we are still working on is the switching fabric in Moto. That may impact the time. We will buy in large be complete in 2009 with switch. 
Glenn Britt:  DOCSIS 3.0 we are very bullish on the technology and we are going to deploy it where we think it is appropriate competitively. I would say and this was implied in Landels remarks that the speed thing is largely a marketing ploy at this point. Very few people have the need for the really high speeds that are being talked about and in reality very few PCs are equipped to even handle those speeds. This is more about marketing noise than about reality in our opinion. We will play the game where we need to.  The stimulus plan although obviously the details are being worked out and sausage is being made in Congress it appears that the broadband part is mainly focused on constructing broadband in rural areas which by the way we support that. We think that is appropriate. We dont think it is appropriate to stimulate broadband where it already exists. We are not quite sure what the purpose of that would be. We are also very mindful and participate in lobbying in that we think whatever stimulus there is needs to be neutral across the parties. So, the outcome favors one competitor over the other is not something we would be in favor of.  Finally, the DTV transition we have actually experienced it twice. As you pointed out Hawaii went early and also Wilmington, North Carolina which is largely our cable market although partly Charter. That went last summer. I would say we have seen modest results in both places. Wilmington we gained some people from the off-air group. I think it was a little over 5% of the off air people we thought we gained. In Hawaii the numbers were much smaller but Hawaii is a historically very highly penetrated market for us so that is a very different situation. 
Robert Marcus:  On the mechanics on the capital side, a couple of points I would make. One we did have capital $3.5 billion for the full year which is exactly where we said we were going to land it. Two, and I think you pointed this out in your question, residential capital was down for the quarter about 10% year-over-year. I would mention that our HD capable net adds for the quarter were in fact 313,000 so a pretty significant number despite the overall RGU slow down. The last point that I would make which accounts for some of the fact that CPE capital was a little stronger or heavier than you might have thought in the quarter is that we did build up our box inventories so we go into the year with a larger inventory than we went into 2007. So that probably explains the delta. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch. 
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Can you comment on what you expect incremental marketing costs to be and pension costs to be this year? You discussed, as have other cable companies, having the newer version of a program guide in early 2009 which I was wondering if you could tell us where you are on that and if you think there is an opportunity finally for video on demand, given the weakness in DVDs I wonder if there is an opportunity now to access consumers demands for films? 
Glenn Britt:  Let me take a couple of those and I think Landel will jump in too. First of all on marketing costs as both Landel and I talked I look at the business as there is kind of an efficient frontier that we move along between short-term profits, subscriber growth and subscriber quality. The levers we use are pricing tactics, credit policy certainly in this environment and marketing spend. The environment essentially dictates what is possible and then within that we can move around the curve towards more subscribers and more profits.  As I said in the fourth quarter we were quite conservative on credit policy which I think is appropriate. We have not engaged in extreme discounted offers as some other people have in the market. We were moderate on our marketing costs trying to understand what was going on in the economy. We started cautiously increasing marketing spend and that has based positive results which I think Landel will expand on.  On the program guide, we have in a number of places rolled out a new program guide and we think it is better than the old one. I think this is going to be an ongoing process. We in fact have a new generation program guide in development right now. I dont think program guides are going to be static over the next several years. I also think you will see different customers opting for different experiences so we dont think one size fits all. 
Landel Hobbs:  The only thing I would add incrementally on your marketing question is as we look out in 2009 right now, and it can vary as Glenn has indicated, we will look at that lever each quarter and decide what to do. The way I look at it right now is I am assuming I will spend roughly the same amount of marketing moving from 2008 to 2009. However, that should have a very different impact. RGU levels are lower so the marketing per RGU connect will be higher so we are going to play around with that inter-relationship as we watch what happens in the economy.  I think you had a question on video on demand. The part I will attack from the operating side and Glenn may want to talk more from getting content from the studios, is that we are in 2009 doing a lot of testing around dynamic add insertion which I know we have talked a lot about. We are actually testing that in the labs and working with that in 2009 to see what we can do with it technically. There will be a point in time during 2009 where we will engage a programmer to work around video on demand because I think part of the equation there to make it attractive is not only content but it is putting an economic model around it where you look at ad insertion around VOD. 
Robert Marcus:  You also had a question on pension expense. Just to level set, 2008 pension expense was around $90 million and I would expect, although we are still doing the final calculations on 2009, it will probably be up $75 million in 2009. So somewhere in the ballpark of $165 million. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Ingrid Chung  Goldman Sachs. 
Ingrid Chung  Goldman Sachs : Just really quickly to follow-up on Jessicas question about marketing spend you said earlier in your remarks that you were cautiously increasing marketing spend and by our estimate you increased marketing spend by somewhere around 15-16% in 2008. Does that mean you are increasing beyond that 15-16% rate or you are just saying it is increasing? Secondly, in terms of ad revenue how much of that was political versus core? 
Glenn Britt:  The numbers you cited were for the full year and we were really saying in the fourth quarter as opposed to the whole year we were more reserved on marketing spend so earlier in the first quarter we have been cautiously spending more so we are not really ready to predict for the whole of 2009 yet.  So that is the context of that. 
Landel Hobbs:  On the ad revenue I believe the political component in 2008 was roughly $67 million so that is what was embedded in advertising revenues in 2008. By the way that was a substantial increase if I look back at prior political seasons primarily because we spent a lot of time focusing on political advertising, meeting in D.C. and met with a bunch of folks to make sure that we were focused there so we were very happy with how much political advertising revenue we generated especially in what was an otherwise extremely weak year. 
Glenn Britt:  Just to build on that for a minute, it was a lot of work behind that. The political advertising didnt just happen. This was the broad strength of the industry. Political campaigns traditionally focused on broadcast. Starting 18-24 months before the election we spent a lot of time with the people in the political world who buy media, pointing out the benefits of cable so I think we will just build on these results going forward. It is a good thing. 
Landel Hobbs:  I would just add that of that $67 million of political ad dollars, $38 million showed up in the fourth quarter. 
Tom Robey:  Thank you all for joining us on the conference call this morning. A replay will be available on the website shortly. Please call if you have a follow up question.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tom Robey - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations  Glenn A. Britt - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Robert D. Marcus - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President Landel C. Hobbs - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank John Hodulik - UBS Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein Vijay Jayant - Barclays Capital Bryan Kraft - Banc of America Jason Bazinet - Citigroup
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Time Warner Cable third quarter 2008 earnings. (Operator Instructions) Now I will turn the call over to Mr. Tom Robey, Senior Vice President of Time Warner Cable Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 
Tom Robey: Thanks, Shirley and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Time Warner Cable's 2008 third quarter earnings conference call. This morning we issued two press releases, one detailing our 2008 third quarter results and the other updating our 2008 business outlook.  Before we begin, there are several items I need to cover. First, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures, including operating income before depreciation and amortization, or OIBDA, and adjusted OIBDA. Adjusted OIBDA excludes the impact of any non-cash impairments of good will and tangible and fixed assets, as well as gains and losses on asset sales.  For the year-to-date results and for full year 2008 outlook, adjusted OIBDA excludes the impact of non-cash pretax impairment loss of $45 million, triggered by our previously announced agreement to sell certain non-core cable systems.  Schedules setting out reconciliations of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release and our trending schedules. All of these reconciliations, as well as todays releases, trending schedules, and the presentation slides are available on our companys website at timewarnercable.com/investors.  A replay will be available beginning approximately two hours after the call has ended and will run through midnight Eastern Time November 7th.  Second, todays announcement includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are based on managements current expectations and beliefs and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements herein due to various factors, including the planned separation from Time Warner Inc. These factors are discussed in detail in Time Warner Cable's SEC filings, including its most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q.  Time Warner Cable is under no obligation to, and in fact expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  With all of that covered, Ill thank you and turn the call over to Glenn. Glenn. 
Glenn A. Britt: Thanks, Tom and good morning, everybody. I am pleased to report that we delivered another strong performance in the third quarter. We delivered 8% revenue growth and 9% OIBDA growth in the third quarter, driven by our subscription business. We achieved this strong growth despite continued economy related weakness in our advertising business, which comprises only about 5% of our revenues but around double that amount of OIBDA.  We had another quarter of terrific free cash flow growth. Year-to-date through September, we have generated nearly $1.3 billion of free cash flow. Thats 64% more than the same period last year.  We also had another quarter of strong subscriber net additions. We added as many RGUs this quarter as we did in last years third quarter, which is quite impressive given the increasingly challenging competitive and economic climates. We added net consumer relationships, even as basic video subs declined slightly.  Our strong third quarter residential HSD net additions of $214,000 were more than each of Verizon and AT&Ts, despite their larger footprints. That provides further evidence that customers value the speed and reliability of cable over DSL.  In video, we performed substantially better than we did in the third quarter a year ago. Our voice services continued to offer consumers a great value and voice has remained a source of growth for us, even after the systems that we launched last year moved beyond their initial ramp.  Underlying these individual product trends is our longstanding focus on selling bundled services. Bundles provide more value to our customers, which we think is important in this uncertain economy. Notably, our triple play penetration reached 20% customer relationships in the third quarter.  Let me turn for a minute to the current challenging economic environment. Historically, cable has done relatively well in economic downturns and that shouldnt be a surprise to anyone. We sell subscription services to millions of people and these services are essential to peoples lives. In fact, our customers spend on average 10 hours a day with our services.  However, by all reports, the current economic environment is unprecedented, certainly in my lifetime. If people continue to lose their homes and jobs, it would be nave to assume that there would be no impact on our business, and in fact as we moved into the fourth quarter, we saw a significant slowdown in subscriber growth compared to last year, particularly for our video and voice services. In addition, we have experienced a slow-down in some of our premium video services, including pay-per-view, ATV services, and DVRs.  Rob will walk you through the details but given these recent trends, we are modestly reducing our expectations for revenue and OIBDA growth for 2008. However, we are reaffirming our earnings per share and free cash flow outlook for the year.  We can and we will manage our business and balance sheet through the downturn and the eventual recovery. We have a strong balance sheet, including more than sufficient committed liquidity to fund our separation from Time Warner, as Rob will also discuss. We expect we will complete that deal by early 2009 and we are excited about the future of an independent Time Warner Cable.  So in summary, we delivered good results in the third quarter. Our competitive position is strong and we are ready for our separation from Time Warner. While we, like everyone else, are well aware of the challenges presented by the economy, we have a strong balance sheet, stable free cash flow, and we are confident in our long-term strength.  Now Rob will give you some additional insight into our financial performance. Rob. 
Robert D. Marcus: Thanks, Glenn and good morning, everyone. As Glenn mentioned, we had a strong quarter both in terms of subscriber performance and financial results. Lets turn to the first slide and I will discuss the highlights of the quarter. We added $522,000 net RGUs in the quarter. Thats essentially flat versus Q307, in spite of the more challenging market place. This was the 14th consecutive quarter in which RGU net additions exceeded $500,000 and as of quarter end, our total RGUs stood at approximately $34.2 million.  We added 13,000 net customer relationships in the quarter, bringing our total to $14.75 million. We did this despite a net decline in basic video subscribers, which means we continued to see gains in HSD only and HSD digital phone double play customers. Weve added customer relationships in each of the first three quarters of this year, adding 124,000 customer relationships year-to-date.  We ended the quarter with 7.8 million customers and bundles. Thats nearly 53% of our total customer relationships, an increase of 219,000 bundled subscribers. This growth was fueled by 168,000 triple play net additions, pushing triple play penetration over 20% of total customer relationships. As youve heard us say before, triple play customers typically have lower churn and higher ARPU.  On the financial front, revenues grew 8% over the third quarter of last year, while OIBDA increased 9% year over year. Free cash flow in the quarter was more than double the Q307 amount, while nine months free cash flow has increased more than 60% year over year.  Finally, I want to point out that we also continue to make progress in our commercial business. Commercial revenues exceeded $200 million for the first time this quarter, growing more than two times as fast as residential revenues.  Turning to slide number four, lets review our third quarter subscriber metrics. We ended the third quarter with $13.3 million basic video customers. Thats 49% of homes passed. During the quarter, we lost 31,000 basic video subscribers, but thats a significant improvement over the 83,000 subscribers we lost in the third quarter of last year. Approximately 70% of the loss came from our lowest tier video customers who pay us around $13 per month.  Digital video subscriber net additions were 124,000 and penetration reached nearly 65% of basic video subscribers during the quarter. Thats yet another quarter in which we have added at least one percentage point of digital video penetration.  HD capable subscribers climbed to 4.1 million, or nearly 48% of our total digital subs. DVR growth continued to moderate somewhat, with DVR subs increasing by 150,000 in the quarter versus 211,000 in last years third quarter.  Total DVR subscribers were just under $4 million at quarter end. Thats nearly 46% of our digital video subscribers.  We had another strong quarter in residential high-speed data, adding 214,000 subscribers. This was the fifth consecutive quarter in which net adds exceeded 200,000, a benchmark we have achieved in 12 of the last 13 quarters.  Residential HSD penetration exceeded 31% of homes passed as of September 30th. We also continued to experience gains in our turbo HSD service, with net adds making up about one-third of the total HSD net adds in the quarter.  Residential digital phone net additions were 200,000. This was the eighth quarter in a row at or above that level. While our digital phone net adds were lower than in the third quarter of last year, remember that we were just beginning to offer digital phone in L.A. and Dallas in Q307, so those results benefited from pent-up demand in those markets.  Residential digital phone penetration increased to 14% of service-ready homes. As with HSD, we continued to experience meaningful penetration gains in some of our most highly penetrated markets. We now have five divisions with digital phone penetration exceeding 20%, including one division thats over 30%.  Moving on to our financial results on the next slide, third quarter revenues of $4.3 billion grew $339 million, or 8% over the third quarter of 2007. Subscription revenues increased 9% while ad revenues grew just 1%. On the subscription revenue side, the 9% increase was driven by an 8% year-over-year improvement in RGUs and a slight improvement in subscription revenue per RGU.  Broken down by product line, we had 4% video revenue growth, 12% increase in HSD revenue, and 37% voice revenue growth.  On a dollar basis, growth was relatively evenly split across all three services. Cut another way, residential subscription revenues grew 8% while commercial revenues grew approximately 20%.  Advertising revenues reflected a year-over-year decline in our local and regional ad business, offset by higher political advertising and some changes that occurred during the last 12 months that we previously discussed, including our taking over management of [Charters] local ad sales business in L.A.  Total ARPU per basic subscriber increased 9% year over year to approximately $109, with subscription ARPU also up 9% to about $103.  Looking at product ARPUs, video ARPU increased year-over-year, driven primarily by higher basic video ARPU and increased digital video penetration. HSD ARPUs declined slightly compared to the prior year but was up marginally compared to the second quarter of 2008. Thats the second consecutive quarter of sequential HSD ARPU improvement and that was driven by pricing and mix, including increased turbo penetration and gains in our commercial HSD subscribers. Voice ARPU was modestly lower both year over year and sequentially.  Turning to OIBDA on the next slide, third quarter OIBDA of $1.55 billion grew 9% year over year with our margin improving 10 basis points to 35.8%. OIBDA growth remained healthy despite continued softness in our high margin advertising business.  Third quarter OIBDA included a $10 million negative impact from Hurricane Ike, which hit our systems in Eastern Texas and Ohio, and that reflects both system repair costs and customer credits for service outages.  Third quarter OIBDA also included $8 million of restructuring expenses, which compared to $4 million of merger related and restructuring expenses in the third quarter of last year. Those two negative impacts were largely offset by a $13 million benefit from a reduction in our casualty insurance accrual estimates during the quarter.  Turning to earnings per share, basic and diluted EPS in the quarter were $0.31, a 24% increase from last years third quarter. This quarters EPS included $53 million of pretax transaction financing costs associated with our planned separation from Time Warner. These costs reduced EPS in the quarter by approximately $0.03.  On the next slide, before I move on to the balance sheet, I would like to take a minute to update you on our commercial business, where we continued to see success across our service offerings.  As I mentioned earlier, commercial revenues exceeded $200 million for the first time this quarter. Thats about 20% more commercial revenues than we generated in last years third quarter.  Its worth noting that although our commercial business continues to represent a relatively small portion of our overall company, less than 5% of total revenues, it made up about 10% of our total year-over-year revenue growth in the quarter.  Looking first at commercial RGUs, we added 8,000 commercial HSD customers this quarter, bringing our total to just under 300,000. We also added 7,000 commercial voice customers and ended the quarter with 23,000. Average lines per commercial voice customer increased to 2.7 at the end of the quarter, up from 2.2 at the end of 2007.  In terms of revenue, as you can see from the chart, approximately two-thirds of the total commercial revenues in the third quarter came from data. Video comprised much of the remainder, while we had a small but growing contribution from voice.  Drilling down one more level, over half of our commercial data revenue comes from our traditional commercial HSD service. Another quarter is made up of metro ethernet and dedicated Internet access services, while the remainder includes web hosting, carrier transport, and a variety of other services.  As you can also see from the chart, our cell backhaul business, which is included in our data revenues, was about $3 million in the quarter.  Turning to capital spending on slide number eight, our third quarter CapEx was $874 million, essentially the same as last years third quarter. Residential capital spending actually declined year over year but that decline was offset by the increase in our commercial capital spending.  CapEx as a percentage of revenues declined to 20.1% from 21.6% in the third quarter of 2007. Taking a look at the specific CapEx categories, line extensions decreased approximately 20% year over year due to lower residential spending. CPE capital increased modestly as a reduction in SD and HD DVRs was more than offset by year-over-year growth in HD only boxes.  Through the first nine months of this year, our total capital spending of $2.6 billion puts us right on track for full-year CapEx to be approximately $3.5 billion.  Looking at free cash flow on the next slide, we generated a very healthy $1.3 billion of free cash flow in the first nine months of 2008. Thats 64% better than last year. During that period, weve converted 28% of our adjusted OIBDA into free cash flow, up from 19% in the same period last year.  Free cash flow growth was driven by higher adjusted OIBDA, favorable working capital comparisons, and lower net tax and interest payments. These items were offset in part by higher pension contributions, as well as higher CapEx.  Free cash flow for the first nine months of 2008 benefited from a couple of items. First, lower cash interest payments resulted from lower net debt levels and the timing of interest payments, and second we benefited from approximately $300 million of cash tax savings year-to-date from the economic stimulus act of 2008. The full-year 2008 benefit is expected to be around $400 million.  Its important to note that the benefits we receive in the current tax year are expected to result in higher cash tax payments in the future, essentially a reversal of the benefits spread over the next five to seven years.  Moving on to leverage and liquidity on the next slide, at September 30th, our net debt and mandatory redeemable preferred equity totaled $13 billion, which puts our leverage ratio at 2.1 times. As you can see on the slide, we have upcoming funding needs of approximately $11.4 billion related to our $10.27 per share special dividend and our pending investment in Clearwire. To fund these items, well have more than $12.9 billion of committed sources of funds, including $3.3 billion of cash, $3.8 billion committed under our bridge facility, and $5.7 billion of availability under our revolving credit facility. Therefore, after payment of the special dividend and the Clearwire investment, we will have at least $1.4 billion of committed availability. I say at least because our liquidity will be further enhanced by any free cash flow we generate after September 30th and up to $240 million of additional funds we expect to receive in redemption of our investment in the reserve primary money market fund.  As weve said before, maintaining our solid investment grade rating is a strategic priority for us. Although somewhat dependent on when we close the transactions, we expect our post-transaction leverages ratio will be around 3.8 times, and we anticipate that we will be back down to around 3.25 times within about a year after completing the transactions. Thats comfortably within the rating agencys guidelines.  Moving on to the last slide, let me review our 2008 outlook -- as Glenn said earlier, while we remain confident that we are well-positioned to weather the downturn in the economy, we recognize that we are not entirely immune from its effects. And although our third quarter results were largely in line with our expectations, a few recent developments have caused us to revise our business outlook. We now expect our 2008 revenue and adjusted OIBDA growth to be approximately 8%.  I want to highlight a few key items that led to these moderated expectations. First, as I mentioned, Hurricane Ike reduced third quarter OIBDA by $10 million and we expect the full-year impact to be around $15 million. Next, our core non-political advertising trends have continued to deteriorate further than anticipated. And third, over the last four or five weeks since the end of the quarter, weve begun to feel the effects of the difficult economic environment on our subscription business. In particular, during the month of October, we witnessed a dramatic slow-down in net additions across all RGU categories, and thats the product of both lower connects and higher disconnects than in October of 2007. Weve also seen signs of weakness in some of our premium services, such as DVR and pay TV.  Landel will highlight some of the specific things we are doing but in short, we are extremely focused on operating our business as efficiently and effectively as possible during these challenging times.  Before I finish up, I do want to highlight that we are reaffirming our free cash flow and diluted EPS guidance. We continue to expect that free cash flow will grow at least 40% compared to 2007 and that diluted EPS will be between $1.10 and $1.15 per share.  With that, I will turn it over to Landel. 
Landel C. Hobbs: Thanks, Rob and good morning, everyone. Our operations performed well again in the third quarter, reflecting strong execution in an increasingly challenging environment. As a result of very cautious consumer behavior weve seen, particularly since the end of the third quarter, we are focused more than ever on three aspects of our strategy.  First, we are focused on giving our customers what they want; second, we are competing aggressively; and third, we are structuring the business to maximize effectiveness.  Ninety-percent of our revenues are derived from consumer subscription services, so we are committed to listening to our customers and delivering what they want, when they want it. So let me give you some examples.  We continue to [blunt] any HD advantage competitors may have once had. In three cities, we now have 60 or more HD channels and in Brooklyn, Staten Island, and Queens, we have 83, and we are on track with the all digital conversion in Manhattan, which will enable us to offer 100 HD channels throughout New York City in the next several months. As Rob indicated, we now have more than 4 million HD capable subscribers and by our estimates, we continue to maintain HD share.  In uncertain economic times, customers also want more value. We make it easy for customers to choose Time Warner Cable. Again, let me give you a few examples.  First, unlike other providers, our customers dont have to pay more for HD programming. This can save consumers $10 a month or more.  Second, we are planning to add power boost to all roadrunner standard subscribers or subscriptions, providing download bursts as high as 16 [down].  And third, we are making it easy for the over-the-air households to continue to receive their favorite local channels after the DTV transition.  In Wellington, North Carolina, we offered a couple of different things -- 12 months of basic cable for $7.95 a month and a year of free basic cable to new customers who subscribed to either roadrunner light or digital phone local for $24.95 a month. By the way, I am pleased to report that we did in fact gain new subscribers in the Wellington transition.  In uncertain times, consumers also value packages that lock in savings over the longer term. We have had tremendous success with our price like guarantee, or PLG, as we call it. In fact, PLG adoption accelerated in the third quarter with almost 300,000 net additions. More than 5% of our customers now have PLG.  In addition to our residential subscription services, we are also focusing energy on our rapidly growing commercial services. In the past 12 months, we have given small and medium-sized businesses a new choice in phone services. And as Rob indicated, adoption of our business class phone service continued to accelerate in the third quarter with 7,000 net additions.  Last month we introduced business class ethernet, which again is designed primarily for small- to medium-sized businesses for those without access to fiber networks. Our new business class ethernet is carried over our HSC network.  We recognized that in addition to meeting our customers needs, we need to beat the competition and we are up to the challenge. You can see this most clearly at our residential high-speed data net adds. In the quarter, as Glenn indicated, we had net additions of 214,000 subscribers, which exceeded each of Verizons and AT&Ts, despite our smaller footprint. The net result, we continued to take significant broadband share from both companies. We believe that we have a fundamentally better product than DSL.  In video, we estimate that not only have we stopped the share losses to DVS but actually gained some share in the third quarter. This is extremely positive and speaks to our ability to compete.  And in the third quarter, we continued to compete well against Telco TV offerings, although with the expansion of their marketable footprint, we have seen slightly more subscriber defections.  A third focus for us is structuring the business for maximum effectiveness. In fact, focusing on effectiveness is nothing new for us and 2008 is no exception. So let me give you an example -- we historically have been organized in a relatively decentralized structure with lean staff at the corporate and regional levels. However, remember we have six major geographic regions. But the vast majority of our resources were in local communities. In 2008, we focused on a process in which we began moving most non-customer facing functions, like finance, marketing, and engineering, to the regional level. Our objective here is to establish deep, functional expertise in the region that will be critical to maintaining our strong position in an increasingly competitive environment and better leverage critical and limited resources.  As you might expect though, we will continue to concentrate our customer-facing functions close to our customers in local communities. Year-to-date, we have spent $14 million on restructuring, including $8 million in the third quarter. And as we move into 2009, we are committed to continuing our focus on structure, effectiveness, and associated expenses, especially in view of the tough economic environment.  To summarize, we are in a fortunate position to have close subscription relationships with nearly 15 million customers. We recognize that we have to continue to earn their loyalty by providing great value and services while maximizing RGUs and ARPU in an increasingly competitive and challenging economic environment.  We are committed to delivering each of these while responsibly managing the resources entrusted to us. Thank you and with that, I will turn it over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call. 
Tom Robey: Thanks, Landel. Shirley, we are ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. We would ask each caller to ask a single question so that we can accommodate as many callers as time permits, and please remember that -- well, I guess well leave it at that. Shirley, why dont we take the first question, please. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Doug Mitchelson.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Tom, I wanted to be democratic and ask everyone a question today but Glenn, you spend a lot more time in Washington than just about anyone I know. Whats your view on the impacts on cable from the election? I know that key committee members in the House and Senate are unchanged. And maybe if I can just throw a quick one in for Rob -- how many low-end video subscribers do you have left, since thats been the primary source of losses? Thanks. 
Glenn A. Britt: I think some of us stayed up late watching the election returns. Its probably premature to speculate what the election means. I think as you point out, most of the key committee members and chairs will be the same people as they have been. Congress remains in democratic control.  I think in terms of Congress that issues related to our business and telecommunications in general are somewhere on the list of things but not particularly high on the agenda, which given what is going on in our society, in our economy, I think thats a good thing. 
Robert D. Marcus: I dont have the specific number handy. Its still in the zone of about 10% of our total basic subscribers. 
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Great, and then can I just ask a follow-up for Landel then? On the cost side, I mean, Cox is announcing that they might cut 2% of their workforce. What percentage of costs do you think you can address if you were really aggressive in 2009?
Landel C. Hobbs: Doug, what we will continue to do, as I indicated, is look at our structure and say are we appropriately positioned for this environment, and let me give you some further examples of what we gave -- the ad sales this year, we continued to look at that workforce and reduce it based on what we are seeing in the economy. Well do something similar to that next year. But while we continue to focus on our structure, were going to make sure that weve got the right resources locally to contain and keep a good customer experience. So Im not going to give you percentages right now but we will continue to focus on it as we have done in 2008. 
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: All right. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Hodulik.
John Hodulik - UBS: Just a quick follow-up, I think, Rob, on the comments about the October slow-down. If you could add just some more color to that -- is it more on the growth side, so less sort of new RGUs from data and voice? Are you seeing increased defections from competition? And just if you could say -- I know November is early but do you expect things to turn in November or just how do you look at those numbers going forward? 
Glenn A. Britt: John, let me jump in and say one thing before Rob responds -- theres lots of companies reporting during this period and I think its important to put us in context. Lot of companies like GM reported and they sell automobiles and they were way down year to year in their sales.  In our case, we have a big outgoing subscription business and we have ongoing relationships with millions and millions of people. And thats in place and its a really solid base. As I said before, we -- on average, people use our services 10 hours a day. So theres enormous strength in that.  So what we are talking about signaling is a change in the growth of the subscribers. Its quite different than what you are hearing from some other businesses. So having said that, Rob, Ill let you -- 
Robert D. Marcus: John, theres only a little bit of color I can really share with you but its a combination of lesser connects and greater disconnects, so its a combination of both, relative to what we saw in the same period of time last year. And it really is coming pretty broadly across all RGU categories. 
John Hodulik - UBS: Okay, and so you dont -- its more of an economic issue and you are not seeing the effects of increased competition from AT&T or -- 
Robert D. Marcus: Its always hard to differentiate between the two but given the timing of when this occurred relative to the timing of world and national economic events, I think its reasonable to tie it to the economy. 
John Hodulik - UBS: That makes sense. Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Greenfield. 
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital: Just a follow-up on Robs comments about the dividend -- is there any chance that you would consider, just given the slow-down youve seen in October, that youd think about trying to work towards a slightly lower level of dividend just to free up flexibility for next year? And then two, the comment about programming costs in the press release is that it rose to 8% growth in the quarter versus 6% last quarter. Given what happened with [LIN] and some of your other ongoing negotiations, should we assume that 8% is -- you know, that number broadly is on the rise heading into next year? Just how should we think about it? Thanks. 
Glenn A. Britt: Let me take the first one and Ill let Rob take the second one -- on the separation transaction, we continue to think that the transaction structure is good for all of our shareholders and that implies good for the company going forward. So we are committed to doing that.  As Rob said, we have adequate liquidity and we are quite comfortable given our cash flow generation with what that all means. 
Robert D. Marcus: On the programming side, Rich, theres a couple of specific things going on in Q3s programming number that drives the growth to be higher than what youve seen in recent quarters, in addition to the normal incremental digital penetration, which obviously has an impact.  Weve got a couple of new services in the mix that are costing us additional programming dollars, probably most notably the Big 10, which we picked up for a small portion of Q3. And we also, I think as I mentioned in the Q2 call, had a reset in our Fox News rates, which had a meaningful impact.  Given that those increases will actually roll through the next few quarters before they lap themselves, I think its reasonable to assume that even from those items alone, you are going to see an up-tick in programming costs. Im not really going to speculate as to what the implications of any of the retrans agreements that were in the process of negotiating are going to do to programming costs. I think you should wait and see how those play out. 
Operator: Your next question comes Spencer Wang.
Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse: I guess my first question is for Rob -- you know, in 2008 you will probably finish with EBITDA margins in the 36% area, which is flat with 07. I was wondering if you could just talk about where you see margins going over the next two to three years, as you further integrate the acquired systems? And just one housekeeping question -- can you just talk about the taxability of the one-time dividend for non-TWX shareholders? Thank you. 
Robert D. Marcus: Let me do them in reverse order -- the treatment of the dividend, I think Ive said in the past that as a mechanical matter for non-Time Warner Inc. Shareholders of Time Warner Cable, the special dividend would be treated as a dividend for tax purposes to the extent of earnings and profits, and thereafter would be treated as a return of capital up to the basis that the individual shareholder has in his shares and then thereafter would be a gain on sale.  When I last talked about this, we hadnt yet done any calculations around what -- how significant earnings and profits were. We have recently completed a preliminary calculation of that number and we now believe that the special dividend will be treated somewhere between 35% and 40% as a dividend. That number is in part dependent on when we close the actual results between now and closing and we are still refining the calculations a bit but thats where we are currently at on that one.  As for your Olympic question, were not in the position really to give guidance for 09 and beyond yet, and I think I want to hold off on making any statements about where I see margins going until weve completed our work in that regard. 
Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jessica Reif-Cohen.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: I have a question on the quarter venture -- given whats happened in the market, is there any possibility to change either the dollars committed or the terms? And secondly on the broadcast digital transition, when do you expect the timing -- what do you think the timing will be on the impact of subs? Will that be a first quarter impact when you see either basic or some combination?
Robert D. Marcus: On the wireless venture, were still committed to closing the deal on the terms that were originally agreed upon. I assume that your question is inspired by the fact that the Clearwire stock has been trading below the collar price for some time now, and I think its important to think about this as the strategic venture that we initially intended it to be, so we are still enthusiastic about the transaction. We think it gives us a lot of flexibility as to how we approach the wireless business going forward. 
Landel C. Hobbs: Jessica, on the DTV timing, you know, its interesting -- if you look at Wellington and youll probably see something similar as you approach February of next year, we didnt see some kind of big pop right at the day. You saw DTV transitions occur over time, so you saw it come in in kind of dribs and drabs as people began to understand the transition and whats happening. So I mean, you are actually seeing some of that in our numbers even now. Youre seeing some people converting.  So right now, based on what weve learned, we dont think well see some big pop but you will probably see some acceleration as you get closer to the date. But its something that kind of happens over time, as people learn more about the transition. 
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Swinburne.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Landel, I wanted to ask if you could talk a little bit more specifically about the voice, the residential voice business -- give us a sense for how sell-in rates have trended and if there has been any movement in churn. I guess where Im headed with this is how much of the net adds decline is a function of gross adds, which are impacted by the housing markets. Since your opportunity to sell voice is primarily when people move and call you guys to sign up for video and other services, and how much of it is that youve started to sort of saturate the population who want land line phone, at least at $35 to $40 and either the product has to get cheaper or its going to continue to sort moderate from here.  And then if I could just throw in a quick one to Rob -- the rating agencies, have they made any changes to what they have told you? You made some comments earlier but I just wanted to zero in on the investment grade ratings because obviously the rating agencies have been a little squirrelly lately so I just wanted to get a sense, I wonder if theres been any change in their view of what investment grade means for cable. 
Landel C. Hobbs: Ill take the voice business first -- a couple of things. First of all, you know, roughly still 90% of our phone business is selling in to the unlimited nationwide product, which are beginning to see some mix change there and starting to see because we think of the economy, some different mix down to a local in-state. You are seeing this particularly as we move into the fourth quarter impact on the gross connect and disconnect side.  So a couple of things we think are actually affecting the phone business -- we think its absolutely economy. You are starting to see that, even though we still -- there will be steady growth moving ahead but the economy is affecting phone, and another thing that is beginning to affect it, based on our research, is cord cutting. So we are beginning to see that as well.  Hard to pinpoint exactly how much is directly related to cord cutting because the economy also a factor in there, but you are beginning to see a couple of different affects on phone, the economy, and cord cutting, not to say that we dont see growth ahead but right now we are seeing those two things affect this business. 
Robert D. Marcus: Before I get to the rating agency question, just as you look at voice net adds, just so you get your comparability right, dont forget that when you look at Q3 of 07, we were still migrating circuit switch customers to our digital phone product and we also are still just launching the digital phone product in certain markets, including L.A. and Dallas, so that just makes it a little bit apples and oranges when you compare the net adds in those two periods.  As far as the rating agencies, no, no reason to think that they have any different point of view today then they did when we originally got our confirmation that they would give us the triple B plat. 
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Moffett.
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein: Good morning. I wanted to dig in a little bit more into retrans -- having just completed the renegotiation with [LIN], I know LIN very publicly said that they received cash. Can you just provide any additional color on -- I know you cant say what the number is but the nature of that cash, was that -- was there a direct cash payment, separate from the purchase of advertising or was the purchase of advertising either all or most of the negotiation? And then what else happened during the negotiation? Did you lose subscribers during that period in the markets, Austin and elsewhere? If you could just provide any additional color on what happened. 
Glenn A. Britt: Craig, those are all great questions and I hesitate to comment on any one particular negotiation. Obviously we are going through one of these retrans cycles. Weve been through them before. Perhaps unlike some other companies that Ive never claimed that we didnt pay for retrans in various ways, shapes, and forms, so I dont see this as a big departure.  I do think whats going on is that the local broadcast industry is in particular distress and in addition to that -- because of the economy but in addition to that, a number of broadcast groups have been put together over the last several years with high leverage. So they are kind of desperate. And I would also point out that their terms of trade with the big network companies has changed dramatically over the last 15 years or so.  So all of that is creating this pressure on their part, saying we have to go get retrans money and thats why you are hearing about it. This is perhaps not the right place but we are talking with people in Washington about the whole retrans regime. This law was originally passed in 1992 and if my memory is right, the world was very different then. I believe that the majority of people in America still got their TV off air, and cable had less competition than it does now. So fast forward to now, you have the vast majority of people in America get TV from a multi-channel provider, not off air, and theres obviously a lot of competition.  So if you go back to the law, Congress was worried about supporting free over-the-air TV with its public obligations, news and what have you, and it may still be valid to have that support, which is in effect a tax on everybody else, but I think that the mechanism for arriving at that amount is perhaps broken and this situation where you have confrontations and people dueling in the press, stations coming off, whatever, is clearly not in the consumers interest and I dont think in the interest of the companies involved, either, so more to come on that. 
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein: One quick follow-up, and this is just a quick procedural question, but with respect to the timing of the dividend, you had said in the past there were three things you needed -- the IRS letters, some local franchise approvals, and the FCC vote. Have we gotten the IRS letter and the franchise approvals and we are just waiting for the FCC to schedule the vote now?
Landel C. Hobbs: The franchise approvals are almost -- not completely done but almost done. We do not have the IRS letter yet and since the FCC proceedings are public, they had a meeting yesterday and we were not on the agenda and Im not sure when that might be forthcoming. 
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Vijay Jayant.
Vijay Jayant - Barclays Capital: If I may, two questions -- the FCC recently ruled against you guys on moving several channels to [search] video I think in Hawaii. That ruling, does that change your HD strategy at all in that deployment? And second, I think advertising growth in the quarter was up modestly. Can you sort of ex out political? And I think theres one extra week this quarter. What was the true organic growth and obviously now with the end of the general election, can you give any color on how that is tracking in the fourth quarter? Thanks. 
Glenn A. Britt: Let me deal with the FCC one and Landel can deal with the advertising question. On the FCC, theres been actually a lot of rulings come out of the various bureaus at the FCC on cable related issues. And we are -- were not sure we agree with a lot of them. We are responding appropriately, appealing as appropriate and we will see where each one of those goes. But in general, its not having any big impact on our strategy. 
Landel C. Hobbs: Ill start on the advertising question and Rob may jump in and give us some details -- remember yes, political is big for us in the third quarter and its been basically buoying that business, underlying that you are seeing definite weakness in advertising sales. Remember, we are primarily local. Weve been hit hard, of course, automotive, financial services. Not really going to lean into the fourth quarter but as you can see, I mean, you know whats happening in the world out there. Advertising is continuing to be extremely soft, so if anything, as Rob indicated, that is impacting our outlook on the rest of the year because advertising actually has gotten worse in the third quarter, but it is primarily -- political buoyed it. That will be gone. Underlying trends in primarily all of the advertising sectors for us are very weak. 
Robert D. Marcus: Vijay, if you want to carve out the impact of political and then also the changes we keep referring to relating to among other things our management of Charters ad sales business in L.A., if you want to pull those things out, that accounts for about $19 million in the quarter. So if you back those out, you can kind of get to where you want to be on what is happening with core ad sales. By the way, we did not have a different calendar this year than past. 
Vijay Jayant - Barclays Capital: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Kraft.
Bryan Kraft - Banc of America : I guess first, how far along are you with the switch digital rollout in terms of percentage of completion? And can you talk about how well its working, how many channels you are currently switching, and also how the cable card compatibility issue is going to be resolved? And also, how long until you can offer say 100 plus channels across most of the footprint? And then just a real quick follow-up to some of the previous comments on the slow-down in subscriber growth -- I mean, are we talking about something in the neighborhood of say a 50% decline in RGU net adds, or are we talking about more something in the neighborhood of a 10% to 15% decline in net adds? Thank you. 
Tom Robey: Thats the longest single question I have ever heard. 
Glenn A. Britt: Let me deal with the switch digital part and I may not get each and every one of those items but I will try -- and then we will let Rob talk about the subscriber one. On switch digital, we are moving along quite rapidly and its a little hard to give you a definitive answer because you dont -- in one geography, you dont flick the switch and the whole geography is lit up, so it gets introduced gradually.  But I think its safe to say that by the end of this year, we will be not completely done but almost done and as you get into early next year, theres only a couple of markets of any size that will enhance switches.  On the cable card issue, just to frame it, the idea of cable cards comes from another old law that was trying to encourage the retail availability of set-top boxes, and what cable cards do is decrypt those of our signals that are encrypted, so its a security thing. And we actually have those in each of our set-top boxes now. Thats been required.  The cards you are talking about were designed for one-way vices and for a while, a number of manufacturers were producing TVs that you could put these cable cards in, and not have a set-top box except you could only get the one-way services, so you couldnt get video-on-demand, you couldnt get our program guide, and you couldnt get some other things.  As a result, those TV sets proved to be fairly unpopular and I may not be completely correct but I believe most if not all of the manufacturers have stopped making those, so they are not on the market anymore.  So the other company that produces devices that use these cards is TiVo, and of course TiVo has a business selling set-tops and DVRs with a program guide that some people find very attractive.  If you add up all the TiVo devices and all the other TVs that use these cable cards, the numbers are very, very small compared to our total footprint, and this is true generally of the industry.  So the issue thats been raised is as you put it, more and more two-way services because switching and more video-on-demand require two-way capability. What do you do about these devices that are not inherently two-way? And it really doesnt have much to do with cable cards. Remember, they just decrypt the signals. The real issue is that the devices themselves dont have radios in them and they are not two-way devices, and theres no simple way to make those two-way devices.  So what we are doing in general is offering people other pieces of equipment to create, to give them that capability if they want to get those signals. And this may be in the form of something called the resolver, if you are a TiVo customer, or maybe a set-top box if you are just a cable card customer with a regular TV.  But again, I want to emphasize this as a very minor problem and very small numbers of people, and somebody is going to talk about subscriber growth. 
Landel C. Hobbs: One of the things, Brian, you hit is first of all, the getting to 100 HD channels, for example, sits behind the switching that Glenn already talked about, so the ability to reach more and more HD channel capacity sits behind once youve got the switch in the market. Actual number of channels switching varies market to market but listen, the technology works. We have seen no problems in switching standard digital as well as switching HD channels. So well switch as many as we need to to develop a capacity to add HD our customers want when we need to, so we are seeing no problems in the technology working or adding channels into the switching fabric. 
Tom Robey: Shirley, I think we have time for just one more question. 
Robert D. Marcus: Let me -- 
Tom Robey: Oh, there was another question in that. Sorry, there were so many I lost track. 
Robert D. Marcus: Brian, Im not really going to provide a specific quantification on what we mean when we say a dramatic slow-down in the growth of RGUs in the month. I am really hesitant to start breaking our results down by months. Theres not a lot of accuracy, its -- I just want to be careful about that.  But I guess from my perspective, I dont think about a 10% decline in a slow-down in growth as being a dramatic slow-down, so Im going to leave it at that. 
Bryan Kraft - Banc of America : Okay, thats helpful. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Bazinet.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: Historically, most of the large cable companies have been adverse to sort of this a la carte regime thats been kicked around in Washington. With your pending separation from TWX and the telco entry into video, do you see the potential for that to change where essentially the distributors begin to support a la carte? Thanks. 
Glenn A. Britt: I think the reason that people have been against a la carte historically is one of simple economics and its not immediately apparent, which is one of the difficulties. But we -- and when I say we, its everybody in the multi-channel video distribution business -- we provide two economic functions. One, which is the obvious one, is that we have a physical distribution mechanism. In our case, its a cable system that might be telco plant or it could be satellite, so thats pretty apparent and theres economic value of that.  The thing thats less apparent is that by creating these packages, theres huge economic benefit and most of the studies that have been done point to that benefit. Theres savings in marketing costs, theres savings in billing, theres all sort of savings involved in it. And perhaps more subtly, we in effect guarantee revenue to programmers and that allows them to take the risk to have programming created, which is why as a society we have this tremendous wealth of programming.  So the whole economic ecosystem works well and a la carte would clearly result in higher cost in the system, which ultimately would result in higher costs to most consumers, which is what the original GAO study said. And it would also result in less programming, most people think. So thats really why we have all been against a la carte, not for any other reason. 
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: Okay. Thank you. 
Tom Robey: Jason, thanks and Shirley, I think thats all the questions we have time for today. Thank you all for joining us. Well have a replay available shortly and please dont hesitate to call if you have follow-up questions. 
Operator: Thank you, and this does conclude todays conference. We thank you for your participation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Tom Robey - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations  Glenn A. Britt - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Robert D. Marcus - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President Landel C. Hobbs - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Craig Moffett  Sanford C. Bernstein Jason Bazinet  Citigroup Vijay Jayant  Lehman Brothers Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Securities Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Richard Greenfield - Pali Research Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poors Thomas Eagan - Collins Stewart LLC
Operator: 
 :
Tom Robey:
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :  A replay will be available beginning approximately two hours after the call has ended and will run through midnight eastern time Friday, August 8th.
 :  A replay will be available beginning approximately two hours after the call has ended and will run through midnight eastern time Friday, August 8th.
 :
 :
 : 
 : 
Glenn A:
 Britt:
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 : Now Rob will give you additional insight into our financial performance.
 : Now Rob will give you additional insight into our financial performance.
Robert D:
 Marcus:
 :
 : Our subscriber growth was broad based across our footprint, with noteworthy contributions from Los Angeles, which improved year-over-year, and Dallas, which had its best RGU performance since we closed the Adelphia and Comcast transactions in July of 2006. 
 : Our subscriber growth was broad based across our footprint, with noteworthy contributions from Los Angeles, which improved year-over-year, and Dallas, which had its best RGU performance since we closed the Adelphia and Comcast transactions in July of 2006. 
 : Our subscriber growth was broad based across our footprint, with noteworthy contributions from Los Angeles, which improved year-over-year, and Dallas, which had its best RGU performance since we closed the Adelphia and Comcast transactions in July of 2006. 
 : Our subscriber growth was broad based across our footprint, with noteworthy contributions from Los Angeles, which improved year-over-year, and Dallas, which had its best RGU performance since we closed the Adelphia and Comcast transactions in July of 2006. 
 :
 :
 :
 :
 : Finally, we are reaffirming our full year outlook for revenues, adjusted OIBDA and free cash flow and are updating our EPS outlook to reflect a number of items which Ill go into in a few minutes.
 :
 :
 :
 :
 : 
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 : Employee expense did benefit from a $19 million decrease in equity based compensation expense due primarily to the timing of equity grants that were made in the first quarter of this year but in the second quarter of last year, however that benefit was almost entirely offset by increases in our pension and group insurance clauses.
 : Employee expense did benefit from a $19 million decrease in equity based compensation expense due primarily to the timing of equity grants that were made in the first quarter of this year but in the second quarter of last year, however that benefit was almost entirely offset by increases in our pension and group insurance clauses.
 : Employee expense did benefit from a $19 million decrease in equity based compensation expense due primarily to the timing of equity grants that were made in the first quarter of this year but in the second quarter of last year, however that benefit was almost entirely offset by increases in our pension and group insurance clauses.
 : 
 :
 :
 : The lower income taxes paid were in part due to the benefit of the Economic Stimulus Act of 2008, which provides for accelerated depreciation on capital placed in service this year.
 : The lower income taxes paid were in part due to the benefit of the Economic Stimulus Act of 2008, which provides for accelerated depreciation on capital placed in service this year.
 : The lower income taxes paid were in part due to the benefit of the Economic Stimulus Act of 2008, which provides for accelerated depreciation on capital placed in service this year.
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
Landel C:
 Hobbs:
 :
 : 
 : 
 : 
 : 
 : 
 : 
 :
 :
 : 
 :
 :
 :
 : 
 : 
 : 
 : 
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 : On the marking front we have aggressively promoted the Price Lock Guarantee, and it clearly has reduced churn. And of course our bundling strategy has been effective in New York City as well, where we had more than 325,000 Triple Play subscribers at the end of the quarter for penetration of over 20%.
 : Thank you, and with that, Ill turn it over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call. 
 : Thank you, and with that, Ill turn it over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call. 
 : Thank you, and with that, Ill turn it over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call. 
 : Thank you, and with that, Ill turn it over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call. 
 : Thank you, and with that, Ill turn it over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call. 
Tom Robey:
 :
Operator:
 :
Craig Moffett:
 :
 :
 :
Landel C:
 Hobbs:
 : 
 : 
 :
 :
 :
Robert D: So, Craig, before I get to the capital structure point, the one thing I would encourage you to do is not focus inordinately on subscriber growth on the commercial side. And if youll look at our commercial revenue growth, I think the growth is quite substantial, and increasingly were going to try to give you better metrics to measure our performance on the commercial side because I think looking at subscribers alone just falls short.
 Marcus: So, Craig, before I get to the capital structure point, the one thing I would encourage you to do is not focus inordinately on subscriber growth on the commercial side. And if youll look at our commercial revenue growth, I think the growth is quite substantial, and increasingly were going to try to give you better metrics to measure our performance on the commercial side because I think looking at subscribers alone just falls short.
 :
 :
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jason Bazinet  Citigroup.
Jason Bazinet:  
 :
Glenn A:
 Britt:
 :
 :
 :
 : But I also think that, if you talk to a bunch of the lawyers, like lots of things in the law, this is a lot more complicated than the headlines appear. So maybe this will all be fine and well deploy it, but I dont think we fully know that yet.
 : But I also think that, if you talk to a bunch of the lawyers, like lots of things in the law, this is a lot more complicated than the headlines appear. So maybe this will all be fine and well deploy it, but I dont think we fully know that yet.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vijay Jayant  Lehman Brothers.
Vijay Jayant:
 :
 :
Glenn A:
 Britt:
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
Landel C: 
 Hobbs: 
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
Operator: Your next question comes from Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: 
 : And then secondly, on programming expenses, the 6% growth was relatively modest and, you know, after listening to all of the second quarter calls of many of the programmers, we're talking about - it feels like expectations on the programming side are much higher, and I'm just wondering if you can comment on how you expect programming expenses to ramp up, not just for the back half of the year but over the next few years?
 : And then secondly, on programming expenses, the 6% growth was relatively modest and, you know, after listening to all of the second quarter calls of many of the programmers, we're talking about - it feels like expectations on the programming side are much higher, and I'm just wondering if you can comment on how you expect programming expenses to ramp up, not just for the back half of the year but over the next few years?
Glenn A:  Jessica, why don't we have Rob do both those, and Landel and I can jump in if we see something to add?
 Britt:  Jessica, why don't we have Rob do both those, and Landel and I can jump in if we see something to add?
Robert D: 
 Marcus: 
 :
 :
 : We do have a significant reset of a particular network in the third quarter and that'll have some impact, and we'll also start to see the impact of increased subscribers as we close out the year.
 : We do have a significant reset of a particular network in the third quarter and that'll have some impact, and we'll also start to see the impact of increased subscribers as we close out the year.
 : We do have a significant reset of a particular network in the third quarter and that'll have some impact, and we'll also start to see the impact of increased subscribers as we close out the year.
 : We do have a significant reset of a particular network in the third quarter and that'll have some impact, and we'll also start to see the impact of increased subscribers as we close out the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Securities: 
 :
 :
 :
 :
Glenn A:
 Britt:
 :
Robert D:
 Marcus:
 :
 :
 :
 :
Landel C:
 Hobbs:
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Securities: And maybe then, just to put a short-term focus on it, is it fair to say that the trends we saw in 2Q are continuing into 3Q?
Landel C:
 Hobbs:
 :
 :
 :
Operator: Your next question comes from Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: 
 :
 :
Robert D: 2.6 lines we're up to.
 Marcus: 2.6 lines we're up to.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley:
 :
 :
 :
Robert D: Okay, on the commercial side, you know, as I said, we're still trying to figure out what the best way to measure our performance there is, both for us internally as we manage the business but also to report to you guys so you have a better feel for what's happening.
 Marcus: Okay, on the commercial side, you know, as I said, we're still trying to figure out what the best way to measure our performance there is, both for us internally as we manage the business but also to report to you guys so you have a better feel for what's happening.
 :
 :
 :
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: I guess I asked it poorly, but if you look at your commercial high speed data sub base, are those customers using 10 lines per business with the telco so that if you can convert them over you've got a lot of revenue to go after?
Robert D: It is certainly the case that a prime target market for us on our phone business is our existing HSB customers, if that's what you're asking.
 Marcus: It is certainly the case that a prime target market for us on our phone business is our existing HSB customers, if that's what you're asking.
Landel C:
 Hobbs:
 :
 :
 :
 :
Glenn A:
 Britt:
 :
Landel C:
 Hobbs:
 :
 : So in the battleground for basic subscribers, we see this as a real opportunity for us.
 : So in the battleground for basic subscribers, we see this as a real opportunity for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Greenfield - Pali Research.
Richard Greenfield - Pali Research: 
 : And then two, just looking for a view, Univision has now filed for retransmission consent negotiations at the end of this year and wanted to get your perspective on how you think that plays out and how willing you would be to pay cash for carriage of those stations given your markets.
Glenn A: Okay, Rich, I'll do the network DVR and let Rob do the Univision one.
 Britt: Okay, Rich, I'll do the network DVR and let Rob do the Univision one.
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
Robert D:
 Marcus:
 :
 :
 :
 :
Richard Greenfield - Pali Research: Can you give us any sense of how important in that Latino package that you're rolling out Univision is to that package?
Robert D:
 Marcus:
 :
 :
Operator: Your next question comes from Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs.
Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs: 
 : And then separately I was wondering did you say earlier that you've seen churn be reduced across all your products year-over-year?
 : And then separately I was wondering did you say earlier that you've seen churn be reduced across all your products year-over-year?
Glenn A: I'll just do the churn thing, and then Landel can talk about marketing.
 Britt: I'll just do the churn thing, and then Landel can talk about marketing.
 :
 :
Robert D: Ingrid, the mechanical answer, though, is that yes, year-over-year, every RGU category has got lower churn this year than last.
 Marcus: Ingrid, the mechanical answer, though, is that yes, year-over-year, every RGU category has got lower churn this year than last.
Landel C:
 Hobbs:
 : Remember, I think, if you heard us talk before, our general approach against their DSL product is we're faster, and so that's a component we're focused on and we'll stay ahead of them in terms of speed around their DSL product. 
 : Remember, I think, if you heard us talk before, our general approach against their DSL product is we're faster, and so that's a component we're focused on and we'll stay ahead of them in terms of speed around their DSL product. 
 : Remember, I think, if you heard us talk before, our general approach against their DSL product is we're faster, and so that's a component we're focused on and we'll stay ahead of them in terms of speed around their DSL product. 
 : Remember, I think, if you heard us talk before, our general approach against their DSL product is we're faster, and so that's a component we're focused on and we'll stay ahead of them in terms of speed around their DSL product. 
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
Operator: Your next question comes from Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poors.
Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poors: 
 :
 :
 :
 :
Glenn A:
 Britt:
 : Behind the scenes there is a great deal of work going on on what those products might look like, but we don't feel any compulsion to roll those things out right now, particularly in light of, I think, the overall wireless market seems to be maturing pretty rapidly.
 : Behind the scenes there is a great deal of work going on on what those products might look like, but we don't feel any compulsion to roll those things out right now, particularly in light of, I think, the overall wireless market seems to be maturing pretty rapidly.
 : Behind the scenes there is a great deal of work going on on what those products might look like, but we don't feel any compulsion to roll those things out right now, particularly in light of, I think, the overall wireless market seems to be maturing pretty rapidly.
 : Behind the scenes there is a great deal of work going on on what those products might look like, but we don't feel any compulsion to roll those things out right now, particularly in light of, I think, the overall wireless market seems to be maturing pretty rapidly.
 :
Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poors: So just to double check, you're not planning any major rollout on the 3G front end part of it, so it's more like a longer term 4G strategy?
Glenn A:
 Britt:
 :
Tuna Amobi - Standard & Poors:
 : 
Landel C:
 Hobbs:
 :
 :
 :
 : And then the ARPU takeout of the overall PLG, we make sure we manage very carefully we're taking out the requisite amounts of money. 
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
Operator: Your last question comes from Thomas Eagan - Collins Stewart LLC.
Thomas Eagan - Collins Stewart LLC: 
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
Robert D:
 Marcus:
 : One thing that's worth pointing out is that sequentially in 2007 we had actually a decline in revenue from Q2 to Q3 and pretty modest growth in revenue from Q3 to Q4, so it actually gives us a fairly favorable set of comparisons in the back half of the year. And the last piece is we are expecting some benefit from political advertising as we go into the fourth quarter.
Tom Robey: 
 :
 :
 :
 :

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tom Robey - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Glenn A. Britt - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Robert D. Marcus - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President Landel C. Hobbs - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Vijay Jayant - Lehman Brothers Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein Jeffrey Wlodarczak - Wachovia Jason Bazinet - Citigroup Bryan Kraft - Credit Suisse April Horace - Janco Partners Jonathan Chaplin - J.P. Morgan
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Time Warner Cable first quarter 2008 earnings. (Operator Instructions) Now I will turn the call over to Mr. Tom Robey, Senior Vice President of Time Warner Cable Investor Relations. Thank you.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Tammy and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Time Warner Cable's 2008 first quarter earnings conference call. This morning we issued two press releases, one detailing our 2008 first quarter results and the other updating our 2008 business outlook. Before we begin, there are several items I need to cover. First, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures. Schedules setting our reconciliations of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release or our trending schedules. All of these reconciliations, as well as todays releases, trending schedules, and the presentation slides are available on our companys website at timewarnercable.com/investors. A replay will be available beginning approximately two hours after the call has ended and will run through midnight Eastern Time May 2nd. Second, todays announcement includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are based on managements current expectations and beliefs and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements herein due to various factors. These factors are discussed in detail in Time Warner Cable's SEC filings, including its more recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarter report on Form 10-Q. Time Warner Cable is under no obligation to, and in fact expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. With that covered, Ill thank you and turn the call over to Glenn. Glenn.
Glenn A. Britt: Thanks, Tom and good morning, everybody. I am pleased to report that this was a very successful quarter for us, a quarter in which we accomplished what we set out to do. There are three key takeaways; first, we posted very strong RGU growth, despite a challenging economic and competitive environment. This reflects both the success of our intensified marketing efforts and the fundamental strength of our products and brands. Second, we remain on track to meet our previously announced full-year financial objectives, and we are increasing our full-year free cash flow outlook. And third, we continue to invest prudently to sustain growth. I will go through each of these during the next few minutes. We delivered very strong subscriber growth this quarter. We added a net 55,000 basic video subscribers. Thats our highest in two years and we grew RGUs by almost 900,000 net additions. Total customer relationships, which we believe is an important measure of our overall operating performance, grew by a net 96,000 in the quarter. In addition, we added a record number of triple play customers. As a result of our strong performance, we have achieved several significant milestones in the quarter. In particular, 33 million total revenue generating units, 3 million residential digital phone subscribers, and 50% penetration of bundled services. And in April, we reached another milestone -- 8 million residential high-speed data subscribers. We think these metrics demonstrate that consumers trust us to deliver quality services and this trust has translated into considerable growth for the company. Financially, we performed very well in the first quarter. We came in where we expected, with 8% revenue growth and 7% OIBDA compared to last years first quarter. We turned in this strong financial performance despite some challenges in the current economic environment. In particular, our high margin advertising business appears to have been impacted by the economy. The effect of the economy on our subscription business appears minimal at this point, although we have seen some modest weakness in regions that have higher unemployment and foreclosure rates. That said, we remain very comfortable with our ability to manage the business in this environment and this morning, we reiterated our full-year financial outlook for revenues, OIBDA, and earnings per share. And we increased our free cash flow outlook for 2008, largely reflecting the impact of the 2008 Economic Stimulus Act on cash taxes. On our last earnings call, we said that we would increase our marketing spending to tell the Time Warner Cable story much more aggressively and in the first quarter, we followed through. I attribute our strong performance in part to our much more aggressive approach. We directed more money to broadcast advertising, a medium that allows us to reach non-subscribers. In addition, we introduced a new advertising campaign just this week, which is designed to promote our products and debunk competitor claims with humor and a little bit of an edge. I think you will enjoy the new spots. In addition to competing aggressively, we continue to invest in the business to drive growth. We are investing in three key areas. First, we continue to enhance the video capacity of our hybrid fiber co-ax network by implementing switch digital video and in certain limited areas, we are going all digital. We also continue to enhance high-speed data capacity by a variety of [inaudible], such as splitting service groups and adding equipment. We believe these network investments will enable us to continue providing the services our customers demand in the future. Second, we are investing in consumer premises equipment, especially high definition set-top boxes. This is an important component of our strategy to attract and retain high-end customers. And third, we are investing capital to grow our commercial business. In the first quarter, our commercial service revenues grew twice as fast as residential revenues. We are determined to seize this commercial opportunity in the coming quarters. In summary, we are doing what we said we would do at the outset of the year. We think this quarters results demonstrate that our marketing message is resonating and we are competing effectively, despite the challenging competitive and economic environment. We are running the business efficiently and we are investing to generate future growth. Before turning over to Rob, I would like to take a minute to comment on our relationship with Time Warner. As you may have read in their earnings release this morning, Time Warner has decided that under the right circumstances, a complete structural separation is in the best interests of both companies shareholders. We at Time Warner Cable concur with respect to our shareholders. As Jeff Bewkes indicated, we have been working hard on a possible agreement with Time Warner and have made good progress to date. However, we are not able to get into any specifics on this call. Now I will turn it over to Rob who will give you additional insight into our financial performance. Rob.
Robert D. Marcus: Thanks, Glenn and good morning, everyone. I am pleased to report this morning on another terrific quarter for Time Warner Cable. Turning to the first slide, let me hit the highlights for the quarter. We had excellent results across all key subscriber metrics. We added 896,000 RGUs in the quarter, bringing total RGUs to approximately 33 million. This represents the 12th consecutive quarter of RGU net additions exceeding 500,000. Los Angeles and Dallas each had their best subscriber performance since we closed the Adelphia and Comcast transactions in July of 2006. The rest of our systems also performed well, adding 50% more RGUs than in the fourth quarter of last year. This growth was generated both from an increase in bundle penetration among existing customers as well as an increase in new customer relationships. In this quarter alone, we added 96,000 net customer relationships for a total of over 14.7 million. We continued to drive our bundled offerings, ending the quarter with 7.4 million customers that take two or more of our primary services. Thats 50% of our total customer relationships. The growth in bundles was fueled by 247,000 triple play net additions. Thats an all-time record. Triple play penetration is now at almost 18%. On the financial front, we had a strong quarter with revenue growth of 8% and OIBDA growth of 7%, both in line with our expectations. Finally, we are increasing our full year free cash flow outlook for reaffirming our full-year outlook for revenues, OIBDA, and EPS. Lets turn to the next slide and Ill focus on our first quarter subscriber metrics. We added 55,000 basic video subscribers during the quarter. Thats the best quarter weve had since the first quarter of 2006. Our digital video net additions of 261,000 marked the second best quarter in the last three years, and our digital video penetration now stands at over 62% of basic video subscribers. We continue to see strong demand for both HD and DVRs from new and existing digital customers. HD capable subscribers increased by a record 418,000 to 3.4 million, or 41% of our digital subs. DVR subscribers increased by 242,000 to 3.6 million, or 44% of our digital subscribers. We had another great quarter in residential high-speed data, adding 304,000 HSD subscribers in the quarter. Thats the third time in the last three years in which quarterly HSD net adds were over 300,000. Residential HSD penetration is now over 30% and in fact, at the end of the quarter, we had four divisions with residential HSD penetration of 40% or higher. Also very encouraging is the fact that during the quarter, we added over 100,000 subscribers to our premium HSD product, Roadrunner Turbo. Turbo subscribers now exceed 5% of our residential HSD subscriber base. Our residential digital phone net additions of 280,000 nearly matched our record performance in the fourth quarter of 2007. Finally, we began to gain momentum in our commercial digital phone business by adding 5,000 net commercial subscribers in the first quarter. Much of the success that we saw on the subscriber side of this quarter can be attributed to our intensified marketing efforts. We began to put meaningful incremental marketing dollars to work in mid-January and we began to see the positive impacts on subscriber additions a few weeks later. In fact, approximately 85% of our first quarter RGU net adds were in the last two months in the quarter, as compared to approximately 75% in the last two months of the first quarter last year. We do have to acknowledge that seasonality probably played a part in these subscriber results. The first quarter, as you know, typically has the strongest subscriber net additions of the year and we generally see summer seasonality reducing net additions from May through August. We have no reason to expect a different trend this year. Moving to the financial results on the next slide, we had solid revenue growth in the first quarter with revenue of $4.2 billion, a $309 million or 8% increase over the first quarter of 2007. Revenue growth was driven by an 8% increase in subscription revenue and a 4% increase in ad revenue. Looking first at ad revenues, the 4% ad revenue growth benefited from some changes which occurred during the quarter, including our taking over management of Charters local ad sales business in Los Angeles. Taking into account these changes, ad revenues were essentially flat versus the first quarter of last year. This is reflective of the overall economy and its impact on the local ad business. In particular, weve seen pockets of weakness in certain geographic regions, as well as in certain advertising categories, such as auto, furniture, and financial services. This weakness more than offset strength in political advertising. We expect that this slow growth trend will continue into the second quarter with growth accelerating in the back half of the year as we approach the November elections. On the subscription revenue side, the 8% growth was driven by an 8% year-over-year increase in RGUs, as monthly subscription revenue per RGU remains steady at about $41. Broken down by product line, the 8% subscription revenue growth was driven by 4% revenue growth, 4% video revenue growth, 11% HSD revenue growth, and 39% voice revenue growth. On a dollar basis, revenue growth was split fairly evenly across video, HSD, and voice, with each contributing approximately $100 million of year-over-year increases. On the commercial side, while we are still in the early stages of deploying our commercial voice service, total commercial revenues of approximately $180 million grew at more than twice the rate of our residential services. Commercial revenues continued to be roughly two-thirds HSD and one-third video, with a relatively small contribution from our new voice product. Total ARPU increased 9% year over year to approximately $105, with subscription ARPU also up 9% to just under $100. Turning on the next slide to OIBDA, first quarter OIBDA of $1.4 billion grew 7%, which reflects our 8% revenue growth and a 9% increase in operating expenses. The growth in operating expenses is in part attributable to a $29 million increase in equity-based compensation expense, primarily due to the timing of equity grants that were made in the first quarter of this year but in the second quarter last year. Additionally, we spent $35 million more in marketing in Q1 of this year than in Q1 of last year. Excluding these items, operating expenses grew 6% year over year. As I mentioned earlier, we are very pleased with the subscriber growth generated by our incremental marketing spend and consequently, we expect marketing spend as a percentage of revenues to continue to be up year over year in the second quarter. Due to multiple factors, including the higher marketing spend, as well as continued slow growth in advertising sales, higher pension and group insurance expenses, offset in part by lower equity compensation expense, we expect our second quarter OIBDA growth to be similar to the first quarter, with overall OIBDA growth accelerating in the back half of the year. The first quarter OIBDA margin of approximately 34% was similar to what we saw in last years first quarter despite our increased marketing investment and the timing of equity grants. Keep in mind that the first quarter margins tend to be our lowest of the year, with margins expanding throughout the year. Turning now to EPS, our basic and diluted earnings per share in the first quarter was $0.25, as compared to $0.28 per share in Q1 of last year. You should note that this quarters EPS included a penny per share after-tax gain on the sale of a small investment and last years first quarter EPS included an $0.08 per share gain, after-tax gain related to the unwind of the Texas/Kansas City cable partnership. If you exclude these gains, EPS grew 20% year over year. Looking at free cash flow on the next slide, while we tend to focus on annual rather than quarterly free cash flow, we are very pleased with our first quarter performance. We generated a healthy $339 million in free cash flow in the quarter, 51% better than the first quarter of last year. Higher OIBDA, lower interest payments, and favorable working capital comparisons all contributed to the free cash flow growth. These items were offset in part by higher CapEx, which I will discuss in a minute. We converted 24.2% of OIBDA into free cash flow in the quarter, up from 17.1% in the first quarter of last year. Lets now turn to the next slide for a discussion of CapEx. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $846 million, an 18% increase over the prior year. 75% of our first quarter capital spending was variable, or success based, with CPE being the largest component of the spending. Customer premises equipment accounted for $107 million of the total $126 million of year-over-year CapEx increase in the first quarter. The increase in CPE expenditure was driven primarily by two things. First, the increased demand for HD boxes and DVRs from both new and existing customer. As I mentioned earlier, HD subscriber net adds were a record 418,000 in the quarter. In addition, the average number of HD boxes per HD customer continued to increase during the quarter. As a result, we deployed over 0.5 million HD boxes during Q1 of this year, up about 75% over the first quarter of last year. We anticipate continued strong demand for HD boxes and expect that HD penetration will hit 50% by year-end, up from our current penetration of 41% of digital customers. The second item affecting CPE growth was that we made a decision during the quarter to increase our set-top box inventory levels to ensure that we have sufficient supplies to meet the increased demand resulting from our intensified marketing efforts. The other noteworthy item on capital expenditures is line extension spending, which was up 14% in the first quarter compared to last year. This was driven by increased commercial line extension spending, which now represents over 35% of the total line extension investment. Residential line extension spending was actually down year over year, which is consistent with the overall slowdown in housing growth. Before leaving CapEx, I do want to reiterate that we continue to expect that our full year CapEx will be approximately $3.5 billion. Turning now to net debt, at March 31st, our net debt and mandatorily redeemable preferred equity totaled $13.3 billion, a reduction of $345 million from where we ended 2007. That was driven by our strong free cash flow. That puts us at about 2.3 times, a 2.3 times ratio of net debt and preferred equity to trailing 12-months OIBDA. And finally, lets move to the last slide, where I will review our 2008 outlook. As a result of our financial performance in the first quarter, the benefits of the 2008 Economic Stimulus Act, which has the impact of lowering our anticipated full-year tax payments and lower interest rates, we are raising our full-year free cash flow outlook to at least 40% growth. In addition, we are reaffirming our full-year outlook for revenue, OIBDA, and EPS. That concludes my remarks. Thank you and I will now turn it over to Landel.
Landel C. Hobbs: Thanks, Rob and good morning, everyone. I have two topics to cover this morning. First, Glenn outlined for you how we are competing aggressively and effectively. I want to give you several concrete examples of our proactive initiatives. Second, I will give you an update on some of the investments were making to provide for continuing growth. Ill start with our competitive position. Our efforts here have two primary components, more aggressive marketing and differentiated products. As Rob indicated, our increased spending, marketing spending achieved the desired result in the first quarter, driving more subscriber net additions. Of course, as you know there are a lot of drivers of net additions and we believe that seasonality benefited us in the first quarter. But after we increased our marketing spend starting in mid-January, our subscriber trends in February and March were higher than in the comparable months last year. Our incremental marketing spend in the first quarter was focused in several areas. For example, certain key markets like New York City, we invested in broadcast advertising to reach those consumers who dont subscribe to our video products. In addition, we increased our Hispanic marketing in L.A. We also have dramatically raised our profile in the retail channel. Earlier this month, we launched a program that enables customers to purchase our video, high-speed data, and digital phone services in nearly 700 Wal-Mart locations. Customers can sign up for services with the help of a Wal-Mart electronics associate available to guide them in selecting packages through equally accessible in-store kiosks. On the product side, weve been equally aggressive. We are increasing our focus on Hispanic households, which we estimate comprise 21% of our homes passed. In early April, we introduced a new offering in L.A. called El Paquetazo, which translated is the package of all packages, which we designed to super-serve Hispanic households. We think it combines the best of Spanish language channels with highly rated English language channels of our networks and is priced at $34.95 a month. The addition of 31 Spanish language channels give El Paquetazo customers access to the most Spanish language content from anyone in Los Angeles. The early results are promising. For the first three weeks of April, approximately two-thirds of El Paquetazo subscribers were new customers. More than a third of them took a double or triple play. If this product proves to be as successful as we expect in L.A., we plan to introduce variations in other areas like Texas and New York City in addition to their existing Hispanic offerings. In high definition television programming, we promised that we would get more aggressive and in the past several months, we have delivered. As of today, there are 50 HD channels available in large parts of New York City and we expect that when we complete the transition to all digital in the city later this year, we will have the ability to deliver more than 100 HD channels throughout the city. And its not just New York City. For example, Albany had 52 HD channels at the end of the first quarter and five other service areas had at least 40. You can expect to see these numbers continue to increase throughout 2008. We are also delivering features that we know will enhance the customer experience. Our caller ID on TV feature, which youve heard us talk about before, is now available in many of our service areas and we introduced this month in parts of New York City. We expect to complete the rollout in the city in the coming months. In addition to caller ID on TV, we plan to launch Start Over in New York City later this year. Before I close, I want to share a few observations on the investments we are making to drive continuing growth. First, our switch digital video implementation remains on plan. As we indicated last quarter, we intend to have switching launched in most of the major cities we serve by the end of this year. At the end of the first quarter, switching was launched in 10 service areas and we are currently testing in several more. Second, in New York City, our migration to an all-digital system is proceeding well. This month we completed the transition in Brooklyn and Queens and we expect to complete the transition in Manhattan by the end of this year. And third, we are making investments to grow our commercial business in several areas. As we begin to operationalize this business, we think about it in three parts. First of these, which we have discussed on recent calls, is the small and medium business, or SMB space, which we previously served with just high-speed data and video services. Our business class phone service is now available to SMB customers in the majority of our service areas and we ended the first quarter with 10,000 customers. As we get more established, we are seeing the average installed lines per subscriber grow and we are seeing very strong traction for bundles and multi-year contracts. The second area is the enterprise space, which is also not new for us. In this area, as an example, we are currently providing dedicated Internet and metro ethernet connections. And the third is the carrier business, in which we provide connectivity solutions for other service providers. Cell backhaul is a significant part of this opportunity. We currently have several hundred towers under contract and we see significant opportunity for expansion. As we said on our last call, our 2008 plans include increased capital spending in the commercial areas to support this growth, and in the first quarter, our CapEx reflected an increase in line extensions primarily related to our SMB and carrier businesses. So to summarize, we focused a tremendous amount of energy in the first quarter on improving our competitiveness and we believe we are beginning to see very positive results, and we are continuing to deploy our capital in a prudent fashion to enable growth. Thank you and with that, I will turn it over to Tom for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Landel. Tammy, we are ready to begin the Q&A portion of the conference call. We would ask each call to ask a single question so that we can accommodate as many callers as time permits, and please remember that we wont be able to address the specifics regarding a possible structural separation from Time Warner in the Q&A. Tammy, first question, please.
Operator: Mr. Wang, your line is open.
Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns: Thanks. Good morning. I just have one question related to your basic sub-growth, a 55,000 increase, and I guess this question is probably for Rob; Rob, can you give us a little bit more color in terms of how those basic net adds broke out between the acquired systems and the legacy systems? And if you could talk a little bit about the L.A. market and Dallas specifically, that would be great. Thank you.
Robert D. Marcus: Sure, Spencer. A couple of things; first, as you Im sure noticed, we did not report this quarter on the acquired and the legacies as separate groups of systems. That said, the basic subscriber growth was pretty broad-based across all of our properties. Both L.A. and Dallas did improve in terms of subscriber -- basic subscriber net adds. The other -- you know, to the extent that there is additional color to be added, that wasnt in our proactive remarks. You know, the 55,000 basic net add increase was actually made up of 66,000 net adds on CPST and a 12,000 sub decline on BST, so in addition to the broad-based growth in basics, we are continuing to see that improvement in the mix of the basic subs.
Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns: Okay, so -- sorry, just to clarify -- so basic subs grew in L.A. and Dallas, is that what you were saying, Rob?
Robert D. Marcus: No, I said that L.A. and Dallas improved. They both still had modest basic sub losses but both are showing improvement trends.
Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: I wanted to ask a question about your HD expansion plans and maybe start off and ask if Rob or Landel, have you seen different churn rates and subscriber trends on the basic front? Just trying to look at video market share where you have HD channels that have moved into the 50-plus range, where you have switch digital out there versus markets where you are still in that 25 or below. Just trying to gauge, as much as we talk about this a lot, how much this is actually impacting video market share in the marketplace. And any lessons learned operationally in New York as you have moved to all digital would be really interesting, any push-back from people who dont like having boxes on every television set, although that might not be a big issue in New York. I think youve already encrypted a lot of your analog. Any logistical stuff would be helpful as well.
Robert D. Marcus: Maybe Ill take the first part of that; Landel, maybe youll take the second. The first part is that the positive results we saw on the video side this quarter were, as I said, very broad-based, as was the demand for HD. So I would tell you that it is hard to discern whether or not there is a direct translation between improvements in the HD product, HD demand, and overall video demand. I mean, the results are pretty solid across the board.
Landel C. Hobbs: Ill add a couple of things. When you think about churn, churn is down in all product categories. A lot of that is due to slower move rates because of what is going on in the economy but we do believe [pieces] that are due to continue to improve the products but it is hard to tell exactly how much of the reduction in churn is caused by just product versus economic conditions. In New York City, you are right -- most everyone had a box, so weve seen no push-back at all with regard to going all digital in the city.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Mitchelson. Your line is open.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Glenn or Landel, I was just hoping you could talk about two aspects of that deal, thinking about it in two buckets, right -- the Dallas/L.A. bucket and then the rest. First in Dallas/L.A., youve had a lot of execution issues. You mentioned that its improving, those are the best results yet. You moved Barry from L.A. to Texas and I know it was a promotion but does this mean that L.A. is in great shape now because you were able to get Barry out of there, or does it mean that Texas has enough issues that youd rather have him there? And then the other bucket, the overlap that you had in Ohio, New York, the Carolinas, you mentioned a while ago that those margins in those markets have gotten up to Time Warner Cable levels but given this is some of the best local geographic concentration weve seen in cable, shouldnt margins continue to move above historical Time Warner Cable levels? So margins and the moving Barry. Thanks.
Glenn A. Britt: Good morning, good to hear from you. A couple of things; on the Dallas and L.A., continue to be very happy with the progress and you are right, weve seen the RGU trends in both markets improve. So with regard to then how that impacts what happened, Barry did a great job out there but listen, weve got very deep bench strength when it comes to management and the person we had in New York City as well as L.A. were ready to step up for responsibility at the same time Wayne Knight, whos been with us for a long time, was deciding to retire. So I think the timing worked out great in that we had two people moving up in those cities. We feel very comfortable with how they are performing and now weve got a very experienced person who is basically done in some of the most competitive markets or operated in some of the most competitive markets we have moving to Texas. So I am very happy about that. Listen, Texas, a couple of things on it -- from an economic standpoint, even though very marginally impacts -- that is one of the heaviest impacted places that we have, Texas. Also, its hyper-competitive, so we are glad to have Barry there and yes, we do think there can be some performance in the state of Texas and with Barrys expertise, hes the guy to do it. On Ohio and some of the other areas with regard to some of the acquired properties, we said those were -- had moved up basically to historic Time Warner Cable margins. We continue to see improvements in those markets. They are -- because of their low penetrations, all the things we talked about early on in the acquisition, Buffalo and the Ohio, those acquired markets continue to perform well because they are low penetration in terms of triple play, in terms of bundled sell-in. So we are very happy with where they are going. Im not sure there the margin is going to end yet but they are performing like we expected them to when we acquired them.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Just to be clear, the margin upside in the overlap markets like Ohio and New York, is really being driven by upside in penetration, not necessarily because structurally that amount of local geographic concentration should give you better overhead leverage?
Glenn A. Britt: I would say it leans more towards the increase in penetration than the latter.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vijay Jayant with Lehman Brothers.
Vijay Jayant - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. I have a clarification; Rob, your comment on second quarter OIBDA growth to look similar to the first quarter, thats about 7.5%. If you exclude the $28 million stock compensation, that implies about a 5%-plus OIBDA growth. Is that correct? And also another clarification on Landels comment -- when you said churn has improved, is that sequential or year over year? And if I can ask my question, which is really in this kind of environment, how much can you really borrow today at a reasonable cost? Because there has obviously been some talk about there may be a dividend or some structure as part of the separation from Time Warner but I just want to understand your borrowing capacity in this environment. Thank you.
Robert D. Marcus: Okay. I have a feeling Ill end up taking all three of those. Ill clarify the comment Landel made first, which is that churn is down both year over year and sequentially on all RGU categories. The question about Q2, you are absolutely right, Vijay, that you do have a reversal of the effects of the equity compensation effect resulting from the timing of equity grants. The reality is though that only partially offsets some other things that are going into what Q2 is shaping up to look like. As we said, advertising growth continues to be slow and we are expecting that to accelerate in the back half of the year. We do expect that we are going to continue to spend more marketing in Q2 of this year versus Q2 of last year. We also have a couple of expense items that are up year over year, in particular our pension expense and our group insurance expenses are up. So those things are more than offsetting, or put another way, the equity compensation reversal is only partially offsetting the impact of those items. So thats whats going on in Q2. As for borrowing capacity, again I dont want to preview any elements of the possible transaction separating Time Warner Cable from Time Warner, but suffice it to say, we committed to -- we continue to be committed to maintaining a solid investment grade rating and anything we do is going to be consistent with that and obviously any transactions will factor in availability and cost of additional borrowing.
Vijay Jayant - Lehman Brothers: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rich Greenfield with Pali Capital.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital: -- New York market, obviously --
Robert D. Marcus: Rich, we cant hear you.
Glenn A. Britt: Yeah, you are cutting out.
Operator: One moment. Sir, Im sorry, your line is open.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital: Can you hear me?
Robert D. Marcus: Yes.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital: Sorry, I dont know what that was -- a question on the New York Market; Verizon is supposed to have approval some time later this year. They seem to be moving through their process rather swiftly in New York. Im wondering how this affects your marketing spend and any type of specific plans to deal with it, especially in a market like Staten Island, where Verizon supposedly has FIOS-wired the entire market just waiting for a video franchise. Just related to Robs comment about the timing of your marketing spends or the increase year over year, do we see another bump up towards the end of the year surrounding this move? And then just a quick question on the commercial phone business -- what is your ARPU that you realize on that business compared to the residential business on average? Thanks.
Glenn A. Britt: Let me take the Verizon question at some generality and maybe look to Landel too. New York gets a lot of headlines but weve been competing with Verizon elsewhere with FIOS, both broadband and video, and other operators in the business have too, so I think we can pretty much see what is going to happen -- namely that when they enter a market with video, they will certainly get some video customers from both us and satellite, so that shouldnt surprise anyone. But we also see that broadly we continue to take a very large number of voice customers from both them and AT&T, so I think we will see patterns similar to elsewhere. It will probably get more headlines because it is New York City, but I dont expect it to be different. Landel, do you want to comment?
Landel C. Hobbs: The only thing Ill add, Rich, is youre right -- no one knows exactly the timing on their franchise approval and weve been waiting for quite some time. During the waiting period, we havent been sitting still. We talked about the HD channels in the city going all digital, weve launched price lock guarantee, so we are trying to move as quickly ahead of them in this opportunity before they actually launch. In regard to marketing, we have increased our marketing in the city in the first quarter and yes, it will follow of course seasonality trends, but we are trying to increase it in all cases to be more aggressive in the city. So you are going to see all of those things leading up to the time whenever they launch.
Glenn A. Britt: I think you asked about commercial ARPU also, so --
Robert D. Marcus: Rich, commercial voice ARPU, you know, not all customers are created equal but it is probably in the $125 per customer plus zone.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Capital: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jessica Reif-Cohen with Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. I was wondering if you could give us an update on your wireless strategy, why a partnership might make sense. And separate from that, could you just discuss the transition to digital broadcasting in February of 09, maybe size the opportunities there? Thanks.
Glenn A. Britt: Let me take both of those -- our wireless strategy really hasnt changed for some time now, but let me repeat it. I look at the wireless business as todays business and then separately what may come in the future. Today, the wireless business is largely about cellular telephones and texting, and some of us have Blackberries but not that many. And the question around that for us and for the cable industry has been is it natural for consumers to buy the so-called quadruple play. And you all know about our pivot venture with Sprint, and thats being discontinued. We have not seen big demand for the quadruple play to date. We continue to study that and if that changes, well figure out what to do about it. So I view that as maybe largely defensive. More interesting to me is the notion of a broadband wireless and how that might related to wireline networks, because I think in the future there may be a robust broadband wireless offering but it will be in the form of hybrid networks that are wireless and wireline, not two separate things, per se. And we continue to talk to all sorts of potential people about whether there is a good opportunity to participate in that. Its very formative, the technologies are still being created, the products are still being created. So early in that but we continue to look at it. On the digital transition, I assume everybody on the call knows that February 17th of 09 the broadcast industry is being required to broadcast only in digital after that date, and that means people who are over the air only homes, which seems to be 10% to 15% of the homes, the number is hard to get, those people will have to do something. They will either have to get a set-top converter or a new TV or hook up to cable or satellite or phone video where thats available. So we and all the industries involved are engaged in a big public education effort because there is concern that those people who are still over-the-air viewers may be very hard to reach to get this message to. If you are already a cable customer and your sets are hooked to cable, you dont have to do anything. We will provide all kinds of sizes and shaped signals to get to your sets. I think specifically, Jessica, you were wondering if we might pick up some customers out of this, because it could be a juncture for people who are now over-the-air viewers to finally buy cable. And we do think that we will modestly pick up some customers from it but we dont think its a huge thing because quite frankly, multi-channel video is a very mature, longstanding product at this point. There is probably nobody in America who hasnt been offered it multiple times, so these folks have chosen not to buy it, not because they dont know about it but theyve chosen not to buy it. So we think we are going to get some but its not a big deal.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Moffett with Sanford Bernstein.
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein: Good morning. Landel, this quarter you had about 41,000 non-video subscriber additions. Thats been consistently running at about that same level. Im wondering -- I know Comcast had talked about making a much more serious initiative to try to capture a larger percentage of those customers with broadband only and broadband and phone types of offerings. Have you been doing the same thing and have you seen any early success in your marketing efforts with the broadband single and broadband double play packages among non-subscribers?
Landel C. Hobbs: Craig, a couple of things on that topic; we have tested all of those segments quite extensively over the last couple of years. On combo high speed data and phone, weve seen no traction and it is a fairly nascent portion of our overall population. What seems to resonate more is high speed data onlys and where we have seen traction is use of our light product, and so we are using that. Now, thats one avenue we take. We still though primarily focus on bundles and so again, what we are not seeing traction is in the high speed data and phone. Weve tried a number of different angles. That doesnt seem to resonate with customers. We are seeing much more traction with our high-speed lights and going after high-speed onlys and then trying to up-sell them later.
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein: And is it your sense that most of those are satellite subscribers today for video?
Landel C. Hobbs: Yes.
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeffrey Wlodarczak of Wachovia.
Jeffrey Wlodarczak - Wachovia: Good morning. On your more aggressive Q1 marketing effort, was there a discount attached to the amortizing or was it mainly branding? And then I guess given the success youve had with your promotional activity, how is the competition responding generally? Thanks.
Glenn A. Britt: Let me take that and then Landel may have something to add to it; our more aggressive marketing was largely intended to get the word out about our products. The observation was we have great products, consumers think we have great products but that we werent being aggressive enough about telling our story, so people didnt know about all the good things we had. So thats been our focus. There are always offers in the market from time to time in any quarter and it is different in different places, so that hasnt changed particularly. That was not a part of this effort. This was more about getting the word out. Landel, do you --
Landel C. Hobbs: The only thing Ill add to that is for those of you -- you will see our new ad campaign in the market. The first quarter it was, as Glenn indicated, much more targeted, much more aggressive and as you watch our ads moving into the marketplace now, even more poignant, a more -- much more clear with regard to product differences between us and our competitors, so going -- on the branding question, we are just now beginning to look at branding in a much heavier way, so you will begin to see that out of us towards the latter part of the year but right now, it is primarily acquisition focused.
Jeffrey Wlodarczak - Wachovia: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Bazinet of Citigroup.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: Thanks so much. I just had a longer term capacity question; you know, AT&T using copper and I guess IPTV and switch video is out in the market claiming they have sufficient capacity to offer everything they need to for data and video. And when you talk about your investments, its switch digital, you mentioned all digital, and I think in some markets going to 1-gigahertz. And the question that we get from clients, theres three ways to interpret this -- either AT&T has sort of leapfrogged the cable industry using new technology to provide sufficient capacity at lower cost. Option two would be AT&T actually does not have enough capacity, and option three would be that you have alternative strategic objectives with the spending that you are embarking upon, either to get more data capacity or get high-end set-top boxes into consumers homes for DVR and HD. I was just wondering if you could just sort of reconcile those two technology paths and sort of weigh in on which one of the options you think is most likely. Thanks.
Glenn A. Britt: Sure. Let me see if I can clarify what is going on there -- when you look at cable, the physical plant, theres two things going on. Theres the historic broadcast of TV signals to every home getting the same signal, and that has historically driven the need for capacity, so there is 750-megahertz, 1-gigahertz, whatever. So that still continues and it is the biggest use of capacity that we have in our plant today. But our newer plant and the capability we built in the mid-90s was designed around this notion of switching, and that is subdividing the plant into small neighborhood groups which can receive different signals from each other. So our broadband plant works on that basis, video-on-demand, voice, and what we are doing with video switches is now starting to make video work in that switched subdivided way, which will allow us over time to move away from a broadcast all the signals to everybody. So thats what we are doing to evolve our plant and to ensure theres a lot of capacity. So within that, yes, we are adding switches and we, you know, the high speed data plant, you add CMTSs and divide service groups and there is a whole litany of things we do to increase that capacity as it is being used. We are by and large not going to expand the overall capacity from 750 to 1-gigahertz. Some operators are doing that. There are a couple of selective locations where weve done that. Those are ones where there are a huge number of off-air signals but its pretty rare in our case. We are focused on moving to the switch fabric, so we a big believer in that. So back over to AT&T, yes, AT&T is using a form of switching, so in that they resemble us. But the reality is their last mile was twisted air copper and that is less capable then the coaxial cable we have. So yes, they are working on ways to do everything they think the consumers want but at the end of the day, it doesnt have the same capacity. I would also point out that they are -- that only exists in a relatively few places now, so hybrid fiber co-ax exists in most of the country. AT&Ts rebuild exists only in a few places, so they have a long way to go before they turn their whole plant into that, and a lot more money.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: So I guess the follow-up question then is it sounds like switching is the future, and I guess my question is then why in some markets are you going all digital?
Glenn A. Britt: They are not really separate things. All digital is another way to increase capacity and recognizing that most of what is happening in the world is digital these days, the drawback of all digital is that everybody has to have a set-top box, which one of the earlier people were questioning about that. So there are places like New York City where virtually everybody has a box already, where actually going all digital was easy and probably an easier way to create capacity than adding switching, which by the way we are not doing in New York for video. But most of our markets where youve got 60% of the people with boxes and the rest without, they are not going to go all digital for some lengthy period of time.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Kraft with Credit Suisse.
Bryan Kraft - Credit Suisse: Thank you. Given that Verizon is close to receiving a franchise in New York, the question is how difficult and time-consuming do you think it is going to be for them to gain building access for MDUs? Is this going to be a major obstacle for them or is this going to be a process that is relatively uncomplicated? And then just secondly, what percentage of your subs company wide are MDU subscribers? Thanks.
Glenn A. Britt: First of all, difficult doing business in New York. I believe, unless one of the lawyers sitting in the room here corrects me, that in New York State, everybody has by law access so I dont think thats a particular issue in this state. And theres federal rules about this too. I think the real difficulty, and you are sort of thinking about Manhattan, not necessarily all of New York City, its really time-consuming and expensive to get into all these high-rise buildings and actually wire them and do it in a way that doesnt mar the hallways and that sort of thing. So its certainly a much more complicated longer build than it is in a more suburban area, but I would remind you that most of New York City doesnt look like Manhattan and its much more single family dwelling or two family houses. It may not look like New Jersey, although Staten Island looks more like New Jersey, but Manhattan is the exception, not the rule.
Bryan Kraft - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks. And can you comment on the overall percentage of your sub base that is MDU?
Landel C. Hobbs: On MDUs, its roughly in the low 20%.
Bryan Kraft - Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from April Horace of Janco Partners.
April Horace - Janco Partners: Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if you could give us the customer response to your price lock guarantee program and then also, going to 100 HD channels in Manhattan, can you also do that in other markets where you are switching, and if so, what those markets might be?
Glenn A. Britt: Let me take the HD question and Landel can handle price lock guarantee. On the HD, once we have switching we can essentially add all the HD channels we can get our hands on. And so the gaiting factor is how many HD channels are really available as opposed to various marketing hype. Are they really available in a way that we can give them to customers? Then we have to have contracts for them and then launch them. So I think you should assume capacity is not the constraint -- its getting channels and signing contracts. There are some number of HD channels that we may decide are not terribly attractive to consumers because generally in our programming, we are not going just for bulk or hours or whatever. We are going for programming that we think consumers want. So since we are not trying to market by bragging about the number of channels, were going for quality, you may see a difference in our advertising versus some other competitors. But rest assured we are going to have everything that people really want.
Landel C. Hobbs: On price lock guarantee, the customer response has been quite positive. We are in the majority of our divisions now, which weve turned up primarily towards the -- in the fourth quarter. Well be in all divisions some time in the second quarter here. What weve seen is a pretty dramatic ramp once we get it launched. In the divisions where we launch it, typically we are seeing somewhere in the high 30% sell-in from a bundle perspective. Another important thing to note is that what we have seen in some of the markets where weve been the longest is weve seen a 40% reduction in churn where weve launched the price lock guarantee. And also, we are still pulling quite good ARPUs out on these price lock guarantees, so it appears to be working and consumer response is strong.
Tom Robey: Tammy, if there is one more caller, we have time for probably one more question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Chaplin of J.P. Morgan.
Jonathan Chaplin - J.P. Morgan: Thank you. Im wondering if I could just get a little bit more color on EBITDA trends in the back half of the year. It seems if Im doing this correctly, to get to your full-year EBITDA guidance given the guidance youve given for the second quarter, costs would effectively half to stay almost flat or actually come down a little for the second half of the year versus the first half of the year. But to get the revenue guidance, we are looking at about a $400 million increase in revenue in the second half from the first half. So is this all marketing expense going away in the second half or what are the other drivers on the cost side that help margins spike that much? Thank you.
Glenn A. Britt: That sounds like a good question for Rob.
Robert D. Marcus: Jonathan, Im not going to do the math with you on the fly but suffice it to say that implicit in our reaffirming our OIBDA guidance, the back half of the year does drive the OIBDA growth. We are going to pick it up after the second quarter. In terms of the individual assumptions, we clearly get the benefit of our increased subscribers for the back half of the year, which we dont necessarily get as we are ramping them up in the first quarter. And on marketing in particular, I dont want you to jump to the conclusion that we are going to keep marketing higher in the second quarter and then drop it off thereafter. We are going to be very smart about the marketing that we implement and we are going to try to tailor it to when we think we can have the greatest impact. So I think its fair to say that marketing is going to be up relative to last year throughout the year but we are going to tactically deploy that as we think its going to be most efficient.
Jonathan Chaplin - J.P. Morgan: Is there another bucket of costs that comes down?
Robert D. Marcus: As I sit here, theres nothing that jumps out at me but we can go through that in greater detail with you. The other thing I mentioned during my remarks that I want to point out is we do have ad sales, which is a high margin business and has a meaningful impact on OIBDA, which is going to ramp in the back half of the year as well.
Jonathan Chaplin - J.P. Morgan: Great. Thank you very much.
Tom Robey: Thank you all for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Tom Robey - IR Glenn Britt  President & CEO Robert Marcus  Sr. Exec. V.P. & CFO Landel Hobbs - COO
Analysts:  Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch Greg Moffitt  Sanford Bernstein & Co. Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns Ben Swinburne  Morgan Stanley Jason Bazinet  Citigroup Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Securities [Vijay Johns  Lehman Brothers] 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Time Warner Cable fourth quarter 2007 earnings call. (Operator Instructions) Now I will turn the call over to Tom Robey, Investor Relations, Time Warner Cable, sir you may begin.
Tom Robey: Thanks and good morning everyone. Welcome to Time Warner Cables 2007 full year and fourth quarter earnings conference call. This morning we issued two press releases, one detailing our 2007 full year and fourth quarter results and the other providing our 2008 business outlook. The earnings release defines some of the terms that will be used on this conference call; in particular describe the systems we acquired in 2006 from Adelphia and Comcast. Before we begin there are several items I need to cover. First we will refer today to certain pro forma financial results. The pro forma financial information for full year 2006 presents Time Warner Cables results as if the transactions and the consolidation of the Kansas City Pool had occurred on January 1, 2006 and for the fourth quarter of 2006 as if the Kansas City consolidation had occurred on January 1, 2006. Reconciliations of the pro forma financial information to financial information presented in accordance with GAAP are included in our trending schedules.  Second, in the fourth quarter of 2007 subscriber net additions were declined do not include the impact of the disposition of certain systems in the greater Charlotte area and two smaller acquisitions which closed during the quarter. Schedules setting out the impact on subscriber count are included in our earnings release.  Third we refer to certain non-GAAP measures including operating income before depreciation and amortization or OIBDA, and pre tax flow. We use these methods when we analyze year over year comparisons. Schedules setting our reconciliation of these and other historically non-GAAP financial measures to operating income and cash provided by operating activities, the other most directly comparable financial measure as applicable are including in our earnings release or our trending schedules. All of these reconciliations as well as todays releases and presentation slides are available on our companys website at www.timewarnercable.com/investors. A replay will be available beginning approximately two hours after the call has ended and will run through midnight Eastern Time February 8.  Fourth Id like to remind you that starting with first quarter 2008 earnings we will no longer differentiate our results between the Legacy Systems and the acquired systems. And finally todays announcement includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on managements current expectations or beliefs and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements herein due to changes in economic, business, competitive, strategic, technological and/or regulatory factors and other factors affecting the results of Time Warner Cable. For detailed information about these factors may be found in Time Warner Cables SEC filings including its interim report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Time Warner Cable is under no obligation to and in fact expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. That covered, Ill thank you and turn the call over Glenn, Glenn?
Glenn Britt: Thanks Tom and good morning everyone. Id like to give my perspective on our performance of where were headed and then Rob and Landel will review our results and plans in more detail. Overall Im very pleased with how we performed in 2007, our first year as a public company. We met all elements of our full year business outlook despite an increasingly tough economic and competitive environment. We added a net $2.6 million RGUs during the year including net additions of over one million digital phone subs and nearly one million residential high speed data subs. We made substantial progress in rolling our commercial phone and we enhanced our data product with our turbo offering. In addition we continued to develop and launch enhanced TV features and weve made significant progress with our sustainable network strategy.  The integration of Adelphia and Comcast acquisitions was challenging. However the most disruptive customer facing elements of that integration are now behind us and we are seeing substantial improvements. For example the Los Angeles division led the company in subscriber net additions in residential high speed data, digital phone and the triple play in the fourth quarter. Were now on a solid footing from which to compete and we expect that all of the acquired systems including Los Angeles and Dallas to contribute to our growth in 2008. As we look ahead our priority is to balance healthy near term financial performance against investments, in capital, in products, in more aggressive marketing and in better customer care. Investments that we expect will improve our competitive position and drive future growth. Our 2008 outlook reflects that balance. We expect to grow revenues in 2008 by approximately 9%. The OIBDA should expand driven largely by the adoption of advanced services and bundling in the acquired systems and supported by our continued focus on cost management again balanced by disciplined investment. As a result we expect OIBDA growth of 9% to 11% compared to 2007.  We expect that capital spending in 2008 will be similar to 2007 levels, about $3.5 billion. Rob will walk you through the assumptions underlying this forecast. We also expect to maintain roughly flat capital spending over our planned period and through a combination of healthy OIBDA growth and flat capital spending we expect to grow our pre cash flow by approximately 20% in 2008. This year we have provided guidance for earnings per share for the very first time. We expect to earn between $1.25 and $1.30 per share in 2008. We think that providing EPS guidance reflects our confidence in profitability and growth prospects and we hope that it will assist investors in evaluating our stock relative to the product market. As we head into 2008 we have two chief operational goals. First further improving our competitive position through focus on products, marketing and care and second continuing our expansion into new business. Let me give you a few key examples. On the product front, well continue to roll out start over and other elements of our enhanced TV suite. Those are unique features that we believe improve retention. Another important focus of our video strategy is to enhance and better communicate our high definition value proposition to consumers. Our HD positioning has three elements each of which we believe provides a competitive advantage. First, its free. Second, its easy. And third we have the HD content the consumers want including the most popular linear channels and substantial on demand HD programming. In addition, this year were going to start to offer enhanced HD as we begin to extend services like start over to high definition programming.  In the year ahead we also expect to continue to make strides in our data offering. We grew our share of broadband homes in the second half of last year and this supports our belief that our product is superior to DSL. We intend to continue to press our advantage in the marketplace in 2008. The Telco fiber projects receive a lot of attention. But keep in mind that we currently face competition from their fiber based data services only in about 15% of our footprint. Last year we redefined our tiered service levels and we re launched turbo, which is our highest speed service. Demand for that has way exceeded our expectations. In digital phone we believe we have considerable runways since the acquired systems only completed the launch of this service at the end of last year. Not only is digital phone an important source of growth it is important to us competitively. Customers, who take a bundle including our phone service, are very likely to completely discontinue their wire line relationship with the phone company. These customers also have consistently demonstrated lower turn than single play customers. In marketing, we intend to be more aggressive in 2008. We have to better communicate our value proposition by investing more in marketing and also by marketing more affectively.  Now turning to very important new business initiative, we expect to compete very aggressively in commercial services in this year, 2008. Our business class phone service is now available in almost all of our divisions. As you know, this service is designed specifically to meet the needs of small and medium sized businesses which in many cases have been under served by the public phone companies. In 2007 our commercial services which were primarily high speed data and video generated approximately $660 million in revenues and we think we can grow our commercial services revenues at a rate at least twice that of our residential services in 2008. Focusing a little further out, were making good progress on our advertising initiative along with the other leading MSOs and youll be hearing more about our plans on that front in the coming months. Again we are pleased with our 2007 accomplishments but we recognize that we are facing robust competition and a very uncertain economy. We need to keep evolving as the world around us changes and we are confident we can continue doing that and at the same time balance near term growth and return with longer term opportunities to produce attractive shareholder returns. Now Rob will take you through the details of the financials. 
Robert Marcus: Thank you Glenn and good morning everyone. Im going to begin by walking through our subscriber metrics and then Ill cover our financial results and balance sheet and end with the discussion of our 2008 financial guidance.  Starting with subscriber metrics on the first slide, youll notice that although weve lost some basic subs this year our customer relationships, thats the total number of households that pay us each month, has actually increased by a net 68,000 subscribers for the year. Youve heard us say before that our objective is to sell something to every home we pass whether or not that something is video and thats why we increasingly look at the customer relationship metric. Youll also see that 14.6 million, our total customer relationships are about 1.4 million greater than our basis subs. In other words about 1.4 million of our customers are not video customers and are buying one or more of our other products. For the 2007 fourth quarter RGUs grew by 591,000 to over 32 million as our RGUs per customer relationship continued to increase. By year end our ratio of RGUs per customer relationship had grown to 2.19 million. The acquired systems drove more of that growth this quarter than previously contributing 38% of the total RGUs net additions in Q4, two times their contribution in the third quarter. The Legacy Systems continued to grow RGUs albeit at a slower pace than in the past couple of quarters. Let me talk for a minute about whats going on there. On the margin we continue to be impacted by competition and the economy. In particular, we have experienced slower homes past growth consistent with the overall down turn in housing completions nation wide. And compounding that higher numbers of unoccupied homes. Also in anticipation of a weakening economy we instituted higher credit standards over the course of last year. The good news is that this step has had the intended affect of helping us to keep bad debt levels steady. However it likely also had the affect of reducing total connects somewhat. Having said all that, even in this economic environment we think we can do better. As Landel will discuss were instituting more aggressive marketing as well as a number of other initiatives that we expect will boost the pace of RGU growth in the Legacy Systems. Turning to video on the next slide we lost net 50,000 basic subscribers in the quarter which is an improvement over our third quarter loss. Illustrating the continued turnaround in the acquired systems they posted a significant sequential improvement. That was particularly true in Dallas and LA which reduced their combined quarterly subscriber loss by 69% sequentially. Of course wed rather not lose any customers, but I will point out that approximately 75% of our Q4 basic subscriber losses came from our lowest tier or BFT customers, and just to remind you, these are the customers who pay us about $12 or $13 a month. As you can see we added 168,000 digital video subscribers in the fourth quarter ending the year with over 8 million digital subs and almost 61% digital penetration of basic. Although not reflected on the slides and not counted as separate RGUs we continued to see robust growth in DVRs and HD set top boxes among our digital subscribers. This is another way that were deepening and strengthening our relationships with our customers. We added net 253,000 DVR customers in the fourth quarter. DVR net additions have exceeded 200,000 in four of the last five quarters and DVR penetration of digital video customers is now at 42%. I want to remind you all that in general were charging about $10 per month for our DVR service. Q4 marked the fastest growth ever in HD TV capable customers. We installed HD boxes in 358,000 additional homes during the quarter, up substantially both sequentially and over last year.  Turning to the next slide, residential high speed data subscribers, we added a net 214,000 residential HSD subs in the fourth quarter bringing us to full year net additions of nearly a million subs. We finished the year with over 7.6 million residential HSD subscribers or 29% of service ready homes. Of note is that the acquired systems led by Los Angeles accounted for 39% of total net additions for the quarter. Despite slowing growth in the Legacy Systems generally, we are encouraged to see that some of our strongest growth is still coming from some of our most highly penetrated systems leading us to believe that we have not yet reached anything approaching an organic ceiling of demand. For example, San Diego which ended the year at residential HSD penetration of over 40% of homes past, it had almost a full point of penetration in Q4. As Glenn mentioned we are also very pleased with the mix of our HSD net adds and in particular the success weve had with road runner turbo our premium product.  Moving to the next slide, digital phone, Q4 was our best quarter ever for digital phone net adds. We added a net 285,000 digital phone subscribers in the fourth quarter, the highest quarter of net additions since we launched the service and thats the fifth consecutive quarter in which net additions exceeded 200,000. We ended the year with total digital phone subs of 2.9 million just under 12% of our service ready homes past. Again the acquired systems represented an increasing percentage of total net adds, 49% of the total in the fourth quarter. And LA again, led all other divisions. As with HSD were seeing meaningful growth in some of our most highly penetrated Legacy Systems. For example, Albany has the highest digital phone penetration at over 28% and added more than two percentage points in penetration in the fourth quarter. Thats the fast penetration growth in the company. Remember, were still in the early days of digital phone in the acquired systems with penetration of only 4% so weve got a lot of room for growth there.  Lets turn to bundling. We continue to see great success in selling multiple products to our subscribers, Q4 was actually our best triple play quarter ever, up a net 228,000 in the quarter driven by increases in the acquired systems and again LA leading the entire company. Now almost half of our customers are in a bundle.  Lets move to the financial results. We had solid revenue growth in both Q4 and for the full year. Q4 07 revenues were $4.1 billion, thats $251 million or 7% higher than pro forma revenues for Q4 06. Subscription revenue growth for the quarter of 8% versus pro forma Q4 06 was partially offset by a decrease in advertising revenues which was largely due to the loss of political advertising in 2007. As you know, although advertising is a relatively small part of our revenues it contributes disproportionately to OIBDA because of its high margin. Subscription revenue growth on a dollar basis was split roughly evenly between the three product lines. Despite their smaller bases both data and voice contributed about one-third of our total subscription revenue growth. In the fourth quarter of 2007 company wide total RPU increased 6% to almost $103.00 and remember theres still a $15 to $16 dollar gap between the acquired and the Legacy systems on total RPU.  Turning to OIBDA on the next slide, Q4 07 OIBDA of $1.563 billion grew 13% over OIBDA for pro forma Q4 06. OIBDA margins for the fourth quarter expanded by 220 basis points compared to pro forma Q4 06 to approximately 38%. Thats our highest quarterly margin in the past two years. Its worth noting that the margins improved sequentially both in the Legacy and the acquired systems including Dallas and LA.  Lets look at free cash flow on the next slide. We ended the year with free cash flow generation of $1.1 billion, thats 44% growth over 2006 and higher than we anticipated. The percentage of OIBDA converted to free cash flow went from 17.4% in 2006 to 18.5 in 2007. CapEx of $3.4 billion was in line with our expectations. As we look forward to 2008 free cash flow its important to note that 2007 free cash flow benefited from two items which will not recur in 2008. First we had a benefit in cash taxes and second we did not make meaningful contributions to our pension plan in 2007 because it was fully funded.  Lets turn to the next slide to drill down further on CapEx. We continue to be very disciplined in our deployment of capital. CPE comprised the greatest percentage of our total CapEx in 07 at 43% with the biggest driver of that spend being the continued deployment of digital set top boxes including HD boxes and DVRs. It also included about $50 million that we spent on cable cards to comply with the FCCs separable security requirements beginning in the middle of last year. As you know we also made a substantial investment in continuing the integration of our acquired systems during 2007, about $200 million. As weve said, thats substantially completes our integration related spending. In addition we spent approximately $200 million on our sustainable network strategy including our aggressive deployment of switch digital video which Landel will talk more about. Youll note from the slide 72% of our CapEx in 2007 was in the variable or success based buckets, CPE, scalable infrastructure and line extensions. This is relatively unchanged from 2006. CapEx as a percentage of revenues was 21.5% for 2007 a decline of roughly 160 basis points from the prior year. This is an important trend which we expect will continue. Ill come back to some of these items when I take you through our thinking on 2008 CapEx. Lets turn quickly to the balance sheet. At December 31 our net debt and mandatorily redeemable preferreds totaled $13.6 billion a reduction of more than $1 billion from where we ended 2006 driven by our strong free cash flow. That puts us at of 2.4 times ratio of net debt and preferred equity to trailing OIBDA. This is below our stated target leverage level of 3.0 to 3.25 times OIBDA. We therefore continue to evaluate our options for optimizing our balance sheet.  Moving to the last slide I want to cover our 2008 outlook. We expect approximately 9% growth in revenues and 9% to 11% growth in OIBDA off our 2007 basis. I want to note that we expect Q1 to be the slowest OIBDA growth quarter of the year with growth accelerating as the year progresses. This is partly attributable to a number of year over year comparability items including the timing of equity grants. Additionally, we plan to spend more marketing dollars in Q1 than in the first quarter of last year. These together accounts for roughly 400 basis points of year over year growth in the first quarter. Also I remind you there are margins typically decline sequentially from the fourth quarter of one year to the first quarter of the next and we expect that trend to continue this year with Q1 being the low point followed by margin improvements throughout the year. We expect approximately 20% growth in free cash flow. As I mentioned a minute ago, we expect to achieve this growth in spite of the fact that we over delivered relative to our guidance in 2007 and that 2007 free cash flow was boosted by the two items I mentioned earlier, lower cash taxes and lower pension contributions which we dont expect to benefit 2008. Our free cash flow guidance implies that we will convert somewhere between 35% and 40% of every incremental dollar of OIBDA into free cash flow and will increase our free cash flow conversion rate to around 20% of OIBDA. Baked into our free cash flow guidance is our expectation that capital expenditures will remain steady at approximately $3.5 billion both in the near term and over our long term. This would result in a reduction of CapEx as a percentage of revenues to approximately 20% in 2008 and this will continue to improve over the next few years. Let me provide a little color on our plans for our 2008 capital spending. We expect CPE capital; the single biggest component of our CapEx will stay essentially flat. That assumes continued healthy demands for our HD and DVR boxes and thats also inclusive of the fact that well have a full year of cable cards in 08 versus a half year in 2007. We expend to spend about the same amount on our sustainable network project. And finally while integration spending on the Adelphia Comcast systems is largely complete, well replace that amount by roughly $200 million of incremental capital spending on our commercial business. Its possible that well sign more sell back [inaudible] a subset of our commercial business than we anticipate. But keep in mind that any additional capital we spend in that area would have very attractive returns.  Finally we expect our EPS in 2008 to be in the range of $1.25 to $1.30 a share. For comparison purposes I want to remind you that 2007 EPS of $1.15 per share included an $0.08 per share gain on the dissolution of the Texas Kansas City partnership. With that Ill turn it over to Landel. Thank you for listening.
Landel Hobbs: Thanks Rob and good morning everyone. As you heard from Glenn and Rob, 2007 was a successful year for us financially and operationally. Im going to add some perspective on our operations and detail some of our plans for 2008. But before I talk about the year ahead, I want to recap the progress in our acquired systems. As shown by our performance in the fourth quarter our ads are driving results. Acquired systems which represent 35% of our homes past contributed 38% of RGU net additions in the fourth quarter. The acquired systems in LA delivered 76,000 RGU net additions in the fourth quarter more than five times net adds in Q3. Basic video turn in LA was at its lowest level since the transaction, in fact, Q4 basic video term was almost 60% lower than the fourth quarter of 2006. LA and Dallas reduced their combined quarterly basic video subscriber net loss in the fourth quarter by 69% sequentially. In Dallas we completed the fasted rebuild in our companys history, in an increasingly competitive environment. There too we turned a corner. Digital phone net additions have been consistently strong over the last three quarters and basic term was lower in Q4 than a year ago. Remaining acquired systems [inaudible] by Cleveland and Buffalo were more easily integrated and for several quarters now have been generating OIBDA margins similar to those in the Legacy Systems. In short through the efforts of our top notch teams in these systems, we have completed the integration and stabilization of these properties and now were ready to grow.  Turning now to 2008, everything were doing in operations this year is focused on enhancing or sharpening our product set, driving more aggressive marketing and improving the customer experience. Lets start with high definition video. HD has become a key component for some of our competitors marketing but we are not prepared to [inaudible] ground in the HD battle. We can and do compete with our HD offerings every day. As Glenn said, our value proposition has three elements. First HD is free, second its easy. With Time Warner Cable you dont have to buy equipment or order packages in order to get the best in HD. In fact, all the CPE we now order is HD capable so we expect to enable more subscribers to enjoy better video experience in the year ahead and in many cases well be able to move them to HD without [inaudible]. Third we plan to deliver all of the best HD programming choices; the ones our customers actually want not some arbitrary number of channels without regard for quality or whether they actually exist for that matter.  So how are we delivering on our HD promise? Let me spend a minute on switch digital video as it enables our strategy. At the end of 2007 we had switching launched in nine of our 23 divisions and were in the midst of wiring and installing switching in nine more. By the end of this year we plan to have launched switching in every division that needs it to remain competitive. Our customers are already seeing the difference. In our most advanced divisions like Albany and San Antonio, were delivering more than 40 HD channels today including roughly 20 switch channels. So switching works and it will allow us to launch relative HD content as it comes available and as we conclude deals with our programmers. For example, we currently have agreement to carry 53 HD channels in addition to 25 regional sports networks and we have deals pending for an additional 20 channels. We dont offer only linear HD. Perhaps the element of HD plan that differentiates us most from our competitors is our dramatic expansion of HD video on demand. Currently we offer 50 transactional movies in HD; by year end we expect to have as many as 200. In addition, our HD showcase offers 80 HD titles on demand for free. Remember this is over and above our linear HD channels. Satellite simply cant match this offer. Youll see us move much more aggressive marketing around these value propositions in 2008. Video on demand is another area in which we plan to extenuate our competitive advantage. With over 1.3 billion views in 2007 alone, which equates to an average of 14 views per digital subscriber per month, we clearly have a great foundation on which to build. We plan to continue to expand availability of transactional movies on demand in both SD and HD offering up to 1000 titles to all of our divisions by the end of this year. Divisions with this many titles have seen in increase in buy rate as much as 10% higher than the organic growth rate of movies on demand. Here again were focused not on some arbitrary number of titles but on the best content; the movies that our customers really want to watch. Youll also see much more aggressive marketing of VOD in 2008 as well.  Well also continue to move forward with our enhanced TV services. Start over was available in seven or Time Warners cable divisions at the end of this year and we plan to have it in most of our divisions by the end of 2008. Were also beginning to work on start over HD which is now available in our South Carolina division and satellite simply cant offer this. In addition were working to launch more of our enhanced TV features such as look back, catch up and quick flips. Just an example, quick flips which provides instant access to short form internet content is planned to be launched in most systems with start over this year. And were [inaudible] look back now and plan to scale the roll out during the year. Where these features are available you will see us marketing them much more aggressively.  Beyond video were also working to extend our competitive advantage in high speed data. As Rob mentioned our road runner turbo offering has gained significant traction since we introduced it in the middle of last year. In 2007 we added a net 229,000 turbo subs, thats more than 20% of our residential high speed data net additions and these subs pay us an incremental $10 a month. Success with turbo provides validation that theres a real and substantial market for premium speed tier. In addition, our standard, basic and light offerings compete very effectively with DSL. As Glenn indicated we are convinced that our services are clearly superior to the phone companys DSL offering. In fact, weve observed that the largest part of our organic growth now comes from DSL. And importantly we captured more subs from DSL than they went from us. In 2008 we plan to ratchet up our road runner marketing as we focus on converting even more DSL customers and winning a still larger share of the remaining valid conversions.  Turning to digital phone, well continue to aggressively drive penetration. Remember we continue to broaden our product line here as well. Digital phone unlimited has launched in all divisions. We also have digital phone unlimited in the state, digital phone local and our new international one price plan which offers up to 3,000 minutes per month to 100 countries for less than $20, which has launched in 13 divisions. In digital phone we have a lot of opportunity in all of our systems and the acquired systems, were just getting started. Now I want to share a couple of examples of things well be doing in 2008 that we expect will improve our customers experience and our margins. Customers have told us that they value consistent long term pricing. As a result we now offer the price lock guarantee. Price lock guarantee offers our customers the option to enter into a longer term contract with us at a set rate and gives our customers pricing assurance. The result so far has been a total churn reduction of close to 30% and a voluntary churn reduction of nearly 50%. Bottom line, customers like it and its good for us because it reduces churns. Another critical element of the customer experience is ensuring quality care. We have aggressive plans to improve our customer experience a number of ways this year. First were standardizing our interactive voice response systems or IVRs throughout all our divisions. This allows us to wrap calls to the right CSR, one who can answer the question or provide the service requested the first time. This is a great investment because it improves the customer experience by shortening call times and reduces cost. Were also going to drive consistent implementation of work force automation tools throughout our company. The tool set plus our [inaudible] people to our customers homes more quickly also improving the customer experience and lowering costs. And finally, removing our tier two high speed data support offshore. Our preliminary results are very encouraging. Were seeing both higher quality calls and lower costs.  In all of these examples the key is to accomplish two things; a better customer experience and a favorable impact on our margin. In the new business area, we expect to compete more aggressively in commercial services in 2008. We launched our business class phone service in almost all of our divisions last year or now have approximately 1,000 employees dedicated to commercial services including 350 focused on sales.  In conclusion, weve made significant progress on many fronts this year and we have aggressive goals for moving forward. We know that tougher economic times require innovative thinking and we are prepared to deliver. We plan to sharpen our product focus, market much more aggressively and stay focused on ideas that improve our customers experience and our margin. Overall I think that operationally Time Warner Cable is ready to compete on all fronts. With that Ill turn it over to Tom for the Q&A portion of the call. 
Operator: Your first question comes from Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: First question, I have two questions, I didnt hear any mention of a wireless strategy so could you discuss how you view wireless, is it just a vision of the [inaudible] an extension of your existing services, how important is it and what the time frame might be? And Rob can you just elaborate on what you said about the balance sheet options, meaning can you even buy back stock free [inaudible] now what would the timing be of increasing leverage?
Glenn Britt: On the wireless question, theres really nothing new to report from where we were last quarter but Ill repeat what we said then. Weve looked at wireless in kind of two strategic buckets. The first is whether its important to have cell phone service as an offering to offer some quadruple play. And as everybody knows weve had a relationship with Sprint and did tests, a product called Pivot in the market, and to date weve seen less than incredible demand for that. So we still continue to pursue ways to have that as a defensive capability but we dont see it as a big thing that we need right now. And our relationship with Sprint continues to be very good despite their issues. The second bucket is whether theres an affirmative opportunity for us in the wireless broadband space and its no big secret that we and some of the other MSOs have had numerous conversations with players in that arena and to date none of those have turned into anything that we think we want to do but we continue to have those conversations. So again that is pretty much where it was last quarter. At the risk of preempting Rob Ill do the balance sheet question too because I actually know the answer. We, as you pointed out, we do think we could use more leverage. Were below our target for leverage and we think it would be appropriate to be more highly leveraged and to return that capital to our shareholders. I think everybody knows the ways in which you can do that so theres nothing magical about it. I also think that since reading the newspaper and talking to investors, the question of Time Warners ownership and [inaudible] has been teed up. You should expect that we wont resolve what we do on our balance sheet until theres some clarity on that issue. So I think on timing, its going to relate to that but we are dedicated to at some point getting capital back to the shareholders.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Moffitt  Sanford Bernstein & Co.
Greg Moffitt  Sanford Bernstein & Co.:  Im going to ask one question with a lot of unrelated parts. First if you could just elaborate a little bit maybe Landel on the, what are you seeing differently in different competitive scenarios in the places where you compete against AT&T in San Antonio for example, what are you seeing versus UVerse how does that affect your competitive balance with the satellite guys and the same thing with Verizon. And then secondly youre small, medium enterprise initiatives are being rolled in right now with your general RGU counts. Im wondering if you could just break out a little bit for us what kind of success youve had to date and how you see that might ramp and then are you having most of the success with voice products, is it more with data services like T1 and what does that sales process look like? Landel Hobbs When we talk about competition Greg, lets kind of walk through first a couple of different things and how we think about it. The first way I want to attack it is by product set and then well drill down into UVerse and Verizon. Taking it by product set first, when it comes to high speed data, still seeing strong growth there, were over indexing our yields against DSL so were still competing very affective there no matter where we compete against the competitors. Phone, were also very happy there with strong growth in the acquireds, good growth in the Legacy, not a lot of headroom in the acquireds as you look out ahead of us and the product set differentiation continues to drive strong growth there. So drilling down to the third part of competition which is video, which is probably the most competitive space. Remember first of all, when you just look at the general overlap its roughly 40% AT&T and 30% Verizon overlap in our footprint. And youre right if you think about those two components Verizon first of all is very active in LA and Dallas and beginning to see some in New York City and Upstate New York, whereas UVerse or AT&T is active in Texas, also active in LA but beginning to spread to the Midwest. So let me give you some context. If you think about video, especially those basic sub losses in the first quarter of that 50,000 anywhere between 15,000 and 20,000 of that we think is [inaudible] is economy related. So now youre down to a pretty small number of sub losses, and by the way, if you look at that remaining piece most of that is still losses to satellite versus Telco and were seeing that in pretty much the very active areas of Texas. Alright, so now when you drill down and look at the Telco sub losses which were seeing because theyre a new and interest to the market, thats primarily UVerse versus [inaudible] for us. But in both those cases every area were seeing first of all its still fairly rational, its all around promotion and we feel we can compete with them on video with some of the things I outlined. For example and lets just take them by pieces. DSL and the all around high speed data, much heavier focus on us this year on how much better we are than the DSL product and continue to improve our yield than your high speed data phone. Much more aggressive marketing around our different product set, particularly in video, focused on HD and how we do differentiate our selves was to go right at satellite. With regard to Telco, price lock guarantee, staying ahead of them. So a lot of the stuff we talked about, were going to compete head on in these areas so were pretty comfortable with what were seeing out there and our plans for 08. 
Robert Marcus: Greg, let me take the second one, good morning. Lets first start with revenues and then well get to subs underneath that. Of the $660 million of commercial revenue weve got in 07 the lion share of that is video and data, commercial phones is really a new launch this year and its still a relatively small part of the pie. Its about two thirds data, one third video. Were not yet going to break out commercial voice customers again because its awfully small, its early stages. Weve got about 280,000 commercial data customers. I think that pretty much covers your question.
Greg Moffitt  Sanford Bernstein & Co.: But the commercial voice customers as you get them will obviously have very high RPU, but wont add much to the subscriber counts because its just the nature, you may have a lot of access lines per account but its show up as a single account. So its hard to get insight
Glenn Britt: Going forward, theres kind of standard ways that people report business market in the telecom space and I think were new at it so weve got to get our arms around it but were going to be providing greater clarity as we go through this year. 
Landel Hobbs: Greg I think that you mentioned that the sales process itself, remember the 1,000 people that we have dedicated to this business, 350 or so are dedicated to the sales process and remember the sales process is a little more complex compared to residential but there we have sales engineers who are going to work with those clients because the sales process itself is a little more detailed but we have 350 people focused on that now and ready and moving into that marketplace. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns
Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns: Just have ones drilling on one topic which is CapEx and I guess first Rob you indicated that CP CapEx in 08 would be flat year over year and I know there are a bunch of things that go into that number, the mix of new advanced customers, total RGU net adds, on a positive side probably no cable card or less of a cable card issue and probably lower set top box costs, so I guess my question is do you believe that with flat CP CapEx or net adds are flat year over year or am I missing something and then on your long run CapEx being flat in absolute dollar terms how much of that, what would it be without commercial I guess.
Robert Marcus: First piece of the question Spencer, Im not going to give you RGU guidance for 08 today. Youre right theres a mix of factors that go into the CP capital and RGUs are one piece of it but as you said weve got HD boxes and DVR mix which also go into the question of how much CPE capital weve got so Im not going to suggest or draw the correlation between flat CP capital and flat RGUs. With respect to commercial in 2008 weve got baked into our guidance about $200 million of commercial capital. As that business grows and in particular as we seize sell back [inaudible] opportunities, you might see that go up as a proportion of the total. 
Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley : Two questions if I may, on broadband Landel, could you give us some color on the gross connects versus churns, just to get a sense for how your, I know you talked about your market share versus DSL picking up but could you give us a sense on those two methods, is churn picking up in data and if it is, is that something you would assign to economic issues out there or potentially bringing in some lower quality subs in the past? And then second Glen could you give us an update on your thoughts on digital long term, any change in terms of booking out a low end digital box to drive to an all digital migration, you obviously sound very pleased with how switch digital is working. Id love to get any update there [inaudible] in your mind on that front?
Landel Hobbs: On broadband, were looking at north of 60% of our gross connects are coming from DSL and actually thats accelerating for us. Also what I think about when I look at the total US marketplace and the split between DSL and cable versus the Time Warner Cable footprint, let me just give you and example. Our estimates in our footprint are 56% of the footprint is cable versus DSL 42%. We over indexed the nation by 200 basis points. So you can see, and by the way, thats been increasing over the last half of 2007. So we continue to yield there. Churn in high speed data is actually down. Churn basically in all product categories is down. Which means, if anything, youre just seeing slower connects around high speed data but hopefully that gives you a sense of how were yielding against DSL and by the way we also over indexed in yield against the [dollop] universe. So hopefully that gives you the granularity you need around high speed data.
Glenn Britt: I think just to build on that as Landel said, churn is down in all the products and I think that is largely due to our increased bundle penetration. It may be partly due to the economy and people moving less often to but we are seeing better churn across the board. On going all digital, I think where we are on that has really not changed from where weve been. I think that over a long time period we will tend towards being all digital in our systems but it isnt going to happen everywhere all at once. There are places where we are already all digital and those are places where the digital penetration was sufficiently high that it was easy to finish it off. So for example here in New York City, without a lot of fanfare we went all digital in Staten Island last year, were almost done in Brooklyn Queens and I think youll see the rest of New York over the next 18 months go all digital and its easy in New York because everybody has a set top on every box so its just changing out the residual analog boxes. There are other markets where the digital penetration is relatively low and I think its going to be a number of years before those go all digital so its hard to generalize but I do think sometime down the road we will be there, its just not all at once. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Bazinet  Citigroup
Jason Bazinet  Citigroup: I just have a question on the acquired system, the EBIDTA margins. When you guys think about margin expansion as now part of your footprint, how do you think we should think about it? Is it sort of a structural issue thats going to be hard to mitigate given the lower penetration rates or do you think they can over time approximate the Legacy Systems.
Robert Marcus: Jason, what weve seen during 2007 is that the margin gap that we started the year off with between the acquired and the Legacy systems has actually been cut in half. Youre right to focus on the RGU penetration question because thats really whats going to drive the shrinking of that gap and we do expect that gap to continue to shrink. You know, within the acquired theres obviously a mix of different margin characteristic systems and the gap is larger in Dallas and LA than in the other properties but again we expect that to continue to shrink and no I dont believe its structural.
Jason Bazinet  Citigroup: Okay thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Securities
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Securities: Im sorry Tom but my new 2008 policy is to ask one more question than Jessica asked soa quick one, so Landel first you mentioned 20% high speed internet as coming in at a higher priced turbo yet if I do my math right your high speed data RPU declined 4% year over year. So can you talk to subscribers churning down given the weaker economy or what was the driver there? Second you and your peers have mentioned HD VOD quite a bit recently and given that youre [inaudible] efforts the past decade have not stopped share losses to satellite, its really helped but they havent stemmed the tide, wondering why you think HD VOD is so important and if anything new is happening with the guide which is often complained about, and then lastly for Glenn a quick one. Just a theoretical case, if you are fully spun out to shareholders is there any impact you know either on the cost structure or tax position or management of the company as you see it?
Glenn Britt: Okay Doug, let me reverse a little bit who answers I think the Turbo and RPU question should be handled by Rob and maybe Landel can handle the HD VOD one and Ill deal with the spin off question.
Robert Marcus: Okay Doug the important thing to remember here is that turbo while weve had great success with it in the short time that its been re-launched, is still a very small portion of the total base so that while its helping overall HSD RPU theres limits to how much it can move the needle. If you sort of look at the year versus the quarter itll give you some sense of whats going on. In the quarter about 40% of our net adds were turbo, about 40% of our net adds were standard and about 20% were combined basic and light. If you look at that same metric for the year, its flipped around a bit because we clearly had the acceleration at the premium end later in the year. Its probably 25% turbo, or 35% basic and the remainder light and basic. So again the mix is still skewed towards the standard and light end but turbo should mitigate any mix compression factor on the HSD RRU.
[ 6:09 to 7:13 audio blank ]:
Glenn Britt:  a lot of interesting features that we have to tell people that we actually have those things and do a much better job of it so youre going to see more of that this year. Your last question was whats the cost impact I guess or other impact if we were actually to be fully spun from Time Warner. The answer to thats pretty simple, we are appropriately since we are only partly owned by Time Warner we are operating at a very arms length basis today and our taxes are treated as though we were a separate tax payer so you really would not see much impact. There are a couple of fairly small functions that we share like Washington office and Treasury Department. I think the costs were incurring today is approximately what we would incur if we had separate functions so I dont think our P&O or balance sheet other than the leverage issue would look materially different. 
Operator: Your last question comes from [Vijay Johns - Lehman Brothers]
[Vijay Johns - Lehman Brothers]: Landel, just wanted to, now we have some data as one year anniversary when triple play promotions go through, can you sort of talk about you know whats the retention in general, are there more [inaudible] that are required to keep them and does that sort of vary between where the [inaudible] have you know employed there own integrated triple play versus a synthetic triple play versus satellite?
Landel Hobbs: On triple play a couple of things, you heard the statistics Rob gave you with regards to roughly 16% triple play penetration right now. Our sell in Vijay right now is still 22% to new customers. Our bundled sell in is roughly 54% and were still selling in even in our competitive areas between to an arc of roughly $118 to $119. I think youre seeing in the competitive areas a lot of promotional pricing around the triple but they seem to be sticking pretty well and were having particularly good experience with the price lock guarantee and you heard the churn statistic around that. So our focus in those areas especially in the competitive areas this year will still be on triple play, theyll be on price lock and the staying power of those is pretty good. Now where we didnt have those before, were not seeing substantial roll off at the end of these. Not a giant jump up in price either but theyre sticking in pretty well and price locks going to greatly benefit that. 
Tom Robey: I think thats all we have time for this morning. Thank you all for joining us.
