===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-11 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Cincinnati Financial Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star key followed by zero. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. To ask a question, you may press star then one on your telephone keypad. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. Please go ahead. Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel of Cincinnati Financial Corporation.
Dennis McDaniel: Thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results along with our supplemental financial package including our year-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website investors.cinfin.com. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results section near the middle of the investor overview page. On this call, you will first hear from President and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Spray, and then from Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including Executive Chairman Steve Johnston, Chief Investment Officer Steve Soloria, and Cincinnati Insurance's Chief Claims Officer, Mark Shambo, Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance, Teresa Hopper. Please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. Now I will turn over the call to Steve.
Steve Spray: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our results. Our hearts go out to those impacted by the LA wildfires. You have lost homes, treasured belongings, a sense of community, and in the most devastating cases, loved ones. I also want to thank the first responders who put their lives on the line, our agents for their support and partnership, and, of course, our claims associates who are working tirelessly to help our policyholders with immediate needs and longer-term plans. Before I share more details about our current estimate for this catastrophe, let's dive into how we performed last year. Operating performance for the fourth quarter was very strong and many key areas showed improvements. We are also pleased with performance for full year 2024, thanks to the superb work of our associates providing service to agents who we consider to be the best in the insurance business. Our fourth quarter results compared to the same period last year included a better combined ratio and excellent growth in premiums and investment income. The result boosted net income, and we had double-digit growth in operating income. Net income was $405 million for the fourth quarter of 2024. It included recognition of $107 million on an after-tax basis for the decrease in fair value of equity securities still held. An unfavorable swing of $931 million from the same period a year ago. Net income for the year rose 24%. Non-GAAP operating income for the quarter increased 38% to $497 million and rose 26% for full year 2024. Our 84.7% fourth quarter 2024 property casualty combined ratio was 2.8 percentage points better than a year ago. It brought the full year combined ratio to an outstanding 93.4%, 1.5 points better than 2023. The full year improvement included a catastrophe loss ratio effect only 0.2 points lower. Our 86.5% year 2024 combined ratio before catastrophe losses improved by 1.9 percentage points compared with accident year 2023, including 5 points of improvement for the fourth quarter. We reported another quarter of strong premium growth. We believe it's profitable growth as our underwriters diligently use pricing precision tools to support their risk segmentation efforts on a policy-by-policy basis. Estimated average renewal price increases for the fourth quarter were similar to the third quarter of 2024. Commercial lines moved slightly lower in the high single-digit percentage range and excess and surplus lines remained in the high single-digit range. Our personal line segment was also similar to the third quarter with personal auto in the low double-digit range and homeowner in the high single-digit range. New business growth produced by agencies representing Cincinnati Insurance continued at a nice pace. Nearly one-third of the growth for the year was from agencies appointed since the beginning of 2023, reflecting our strategy of appointing additional agencies where we identify appropriate expansion opportunities. Policy retention rates in 2024 were similar to last year, with our commercial line segment up slightly, but still in the upper 80% range. Our personal line segment remained in a similar position of the low to mid-90% range. The overall result was consolidated property casualty net written premiums growing 17% for the quarter, including 15% growth in agency renewal premiums, and 23% in new business premiums. Next is a brief review of performance by insurance segment for full year 2024 compared with 2023. Most metrics also improved on a fourth-quarter basis. Commercial lines grew net written premiums 8% with an excellent combined ratio that improved by 3 percentage points to 93.2%. Personal lines grew net written premiums 30% and improved the combined ratio by 2.9 percentage points, to 97.5%. Excess and surplus lines grew net written premiums 15% with a 94.0% combined ratio. Although that was 3.4 percentage points higher than last year, it's still quite profitable. Both Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global also very profitable. Cincinnati Re grew net written premium 7% with an 85.0% combined ratio, while Cincinnati Global's growth was 8% with a 73.6% combined ratio. Our life insurance subsidiary also improved its result with a 21% increase in 2024 net income and term life insurance earned premium growth of 3%. These strong results combined to bring our value creation ratio in above our target of 10 to 13% on a five-year average basis. Our fourth quarter VCR was 1.8%, and we reached 19.8% on a full-year basis. Net income before investment gains or losses for the year contributed to a higher overall valuation of our investment portfolio. The other half. Before I turn the call over to Mike, I'll provide our current estimates of financial effects related to the recent California wildfires and an update on our 2025 reinsurance program. We estimate first quarter 2025 pretax catastrophe losses of approximately $450 to $525 million net of reinsurance recoveries. That includes approximately 73% for our personal lines insurance segment, 24% for Cincinnati Re, and 3% for Cincinnati Global. We reinstated the applicable layers of our primary property catastrophe reinsurance treaty coverage and will cede additional premiums to our reinsurers. Cincinnati Re will receive additional premiums from treaties reinstated. The estimated net effect of first quarter premium revenue is a decrease of $50 to $60 million. To keep this event in perspective, had the wildfire effect occurred in 2024, we believe we would still have earned a modest underwriting profit. On January 1st of this year, we again renewed our primary property casualty treaties that transfer part of our risk to reinsurers. For our per risk treaties, we retained while retention for the casualty treaty remained at $10 million. Other terms and conditions for 2025 are fairly similar to 2024. A primary objective for our property catastrophe treaty is to protect our balance sheet. The treaty's main change this year is adding another $300 million coverage, increasing the top of the program from $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion. We again retain all of the first $200 million, then retained 56% of the next $100 million, 25% of the next $100 million, and approximately 14% of the next $1.1 billion. Now let me turn the call over to Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, for additional highlights of our financial performance.
Mike Sewell: Thank you, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Investment income reached $1 billion for the year and significantly contributed to our improved operating performance. It grew 17% for the fourth quarter and 15% for the full year 2024 compared with the same periods of last year. Dividend income was down 4% in the fourth quarter driven by third-quarter sales of equity securities from previously disclosed rebalancing of our investment portfolio. Interest income grew 28% for the fourth quarter this year. Net purchases of fixed maturities securities totaled $1.1 billion for the quarter and $2.5 billion for the year. The fourth quarter pre-tax average yield of 4.93% for the fixed maturity portfolio was up 45 basis points compared with last year. The average pre-tax yield for the total of purchased taxable and tax-exempt bonds during 2024 was 5.66%. Valuation changes in aggregate for the fourth quarter were unfavorable for both our equity portfolio and our bond portfolio. Before tax effects, the net loss was $136 million for the equity portfolio, and $350 million for the bond portfolio. At the end of the fourth quarter, the total investment portfolio net appreciated value was approximately $6.7 billion. The equity portfolio was in a net gain position of $7.2 billion while the fixed maturity portfolio was in a net loss position of $553 million. Cash flow, in addition to higher bond yields, continue to benefit investment income growth. Cash flow from operating activities for full year 2024 was $2.6 billion, up 29% from last year. Regarding expense management, our objective is to balance spending control efforts with investing strategically in our business. Our 29.9% full year 2024 property casualty underwriting expense ratio was in line with 2023 in total and for each major expense category. The fourth quarter ratio was 1.4 percentage points lower than last year primarily due to lower accruals for agency profit sharing commissions in addition to premium growth outpacing the increase in employee-related expenses. My next topic is loss reserves where our approach remains consistent and aims for net amounts in the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of net loss and loss expense reserves. As we do each quarter, we consider new information, such as paid losses and case reserves. Then we updated estimated ultimate losses and loss expenses by accident year and line of business. During 2024, our net addition to property casualty loss and loss expense reserves was $1.1 billion including $998 million for the IBNR portion. We experienced $236 million of property casualty net favorable reserve development on prior accident years that benefited the combined ratio by 2.7 percentage points during 2024. For our commercial casualty line of business, there was no material reserve development for any prior accident year during the fourth quarter. On an all-lines basis by accident year, net reserve development during 2024 included a favorable $369 million for 2023, favorable $63 million for 2022, favorable $5 million for 2021, and an unfavorable $201 million in aggregate for accident years prior to 2021. My final comments highlight our capital management activities. For full year 2024, we returned capital to shareholders through $490 million of dividends paid. In addition to share repurchases. Shares repurchased totaled 1.1 million shares at an average price of approximately $113 per share, including an immaterial amount during the fourth quarter. We believe our financial flexibility and our financial strength are both in excellent shape. Parent company cash and marketable securities at year-end totaled $5.2 billion. Debt to total capital remained under 10%. And our quarter-end book value was at a record high $89.11 per share. With nearly $14 billion of GAAP consolidated shareholders' equity, providing plenty of capacity for profitable growth for our insurance operations. Now I will turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Spray: Thanks, Mike. 2025 marks the 75th anniversary of the Cincinnati Insurance Company. Over that time, we have come to understand the importance of stability, consistency, and financial strength. We understand that we are in the business of accepting risk. We plan for it, we price for it. We spend considerable time and effort focused on appropriately balancing growth and profitability through geographic and product diversification, pricing sophistication, and enterprise risk management. No one expects to experience a catastrophic loss such as those felt by the people who found themselves in the paths of hurricanes Helene or the California wildfires. However, it's in the aftermath of these events that Cincinnati Insurance can shine. Confident in our financial strength, our claims associates can focus on delivering fast, fair, and empathetic service. At the same time, we are ready to build value for shareholders. The Board recently reinforced their confidence in our strategy by declaring a 7% dividend increase payable in April and paving the way to extend our streak of increasing dividends to 65 years. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Steve Johnston, Steve Soloria, Mark Shambo, and Teresa Hoffer. Gary, please open the call for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question and answer session. To ask a question, you may press star then one on your telephone keypad. If you are using a speakerphone, please pick up your handset before pressing the keys. To withdraw your question, please press star then two. Our first question today comes from Michael Phillips with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Michael Phillips: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Just want to start off, I guess, Steve, love to hear your perspective on a higher-level question on the outlook for the reinsurance sector in the aftermath of California. I guess, how do you see capacity as the year progresses? How do you expect Cincinnati Re to respond and maybe, how should that translate into kind of premium for 2025 for that segment? Thanks.
Steve Spray: Yeah. Mike, are you talking specifically on Cincinnati Re or ceded Re?
Michael Phillips: Well, I guess, first of all, just your thought yeah. Just your thoughts on the market in general, more broadly from the industry, how it responds. And then kind of drill down to how you guys it looks there's gonna be some opportunities how you guys would respond and what that means for Cincinnati.
Steve Spray: Right. Let me maybe I'll start with just the reinsurance market to your question, Mike, first. You know, I think the reinsurers, appropriately, the last couple of years, I think, have shown, you know, just the industry itself has shown an underwriting profit. I think that's good. That's healthy. We all need that. I'll speak specifically for Cincinnati Insurance. We've just got such long-term relationships and partnerships with our you know, our ceded partners, our reinsurers, and talk to them on a regular basis, obviously. You know, we expect to pay all of our losses ground up. Plus the reinsurers margin over time. We need them healthy. They know that. We've traded with them that way. Over time, and that won't change. That would probably be my remarks there. Cincinnati Re, they're gonna stay the course. You heard, we had an extremely profitable 2024, inception to date with Cincinnati Re. Has is very profitable. As well. They plan for catastrophe. That's what they do. Know, their losses on specifically, on the California wildfires were within expectation, and you know, they'll they'll proceed throughout the year with their with their 2025 plan. No change.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Alright. Thanks, Steve. Next question is I ask I I wouldn't classify your umbrella exposure in general for your company as is is tiny, but it's only not outsized. But question related to sort of umbrella. In in personal lines, I think this quarter, it didn't see a lot it's a personal line I didn't see a lot of change in claim count activity in that two to five layer. But dollar amount did move up. So, you know, some something's there. Thirty ten plus twenty five, thirty-five on that as well. So the two to five layer. Any call you can add on anything in a quarter specifically that would help justify that that extra amount of dollars in that layer and and and more broadly after the quarter, anything you're seeing in umbrella excess layers that would cause any concerns. Thank you.
Steve Spray: Yep. Thanks, Mike. Appreciate the question. Now, you know, looking at a quarter for umbrella, whether it be commercial or personal, I think it's gonna it's gonna kinda mislead you a little bit. Like, you gotta pull back to more of an annual number. There's just you know, the frequency with umbrella is is obviously very low. It's a severity line. Inherent volatility in it. So we look at every single large loss we have, in every single line of business we have, and look for trends whether it be by state, by agency, by class of business, you know, that's obviously I'm speaking to commercial. We do the same thing for personal lines as well. So we don't see anything in that commercial book or excuse me, in that personal lines umbrella book that causes us any concern.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Steve, thank you, and congrats on the call. Appreciate it.
Steve Spray: Yeah. Thanks so much, Mike. Appreciate it.
Operator: Next question is from Gregory Peters with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Gregory Peters: Good morning. I I wanna go back to the the comments on the fire loss. Could you provide some perspective on, you know, you I think you said fifty to million dollars of reinstatement cost. But the gross loss might be or what you're pegging for using for your gross loss number and just trying to figure out how far up the tower you want.
Steve Spray: Yeah. Thanks, Greg. And as you can imagine, this is an active still an active catastrophe. And for right now, our range our net range that we're providing you is our best estimate of ultimate loss, and we're gonna just stick with that net range of the four hundred and fifty to five twenty-five.
Gregory Peters: Just not Okay. Not there's not any move no.
Steve Spray: So many moving parts right now, Greg. Just providing a gross number. You know, we're not we're not ready to go.
Gregory Peters: Can can maybe pivot away from that then and just you know, I know the there there was a call recently with the insurance regulator and the governor and a bunch of insurance companies. And it feels like there's some movement to making allowing more rate activity in homeowners to compensate for the the fire risk. Can you can you talk about what your perspective is of that market looking forward? You know, once we get through paying all the losses, etcetera.
Steve Spray: Yeah. Sure. One thing I'd point out from the Cincinnati book is seventy-seven percent of our homeowner premiums in California today, are on a non-admitted basis. On the admitted side, you know, I don't I think it's pretty well documented. I don't think it's any secret that California is a is a challenging market. We've got great agents and policyholders, and we wanna support them. As you can imagine also, after you know, I just mentioned any individual single large loss, and also after any catastrophe event, we do a deep dive as a company and objectively look at everything regardless of the of the event and determine if there's you know, lessons learned. There's always lessons learned. There's anything we need to do in changing our strategy moving forward, you know, if anything, obviously, do that here with California. And with the wildfires, there's just a lot of as you can imagine, Greg, there's a lot of moving parts with this as well. And, yeah, the regular the regulation rate environment and things of that nature. There's there's a long list of things that we will look at you know. But I think right now, we are really focused on paying claims you know, fairly empathetically, face to face, and the lessons learned, although we are we're looking at them actively, you know, that'll take a little longer to to really formulate if we're gonna make any changes going forward.
Gregory Peters: Okay. I'll I'll pivot away from that line of questioning. Just my my question broader broadly speaking is know, there's there's in in in the commercial lines market, maybe in the personal lines market ex California, you know, just to growing sense that the pricing cycle's kind of peaked. Maybe it's, you know, moderating price increases aren't as robust, and some instances are going down. Can you can you remind us and just give us a snapshot of where you were at the end of the year? And I know I know part of your book has multiyear policies. Can you give us a snapshot of where those those policies reside and what the percentage of the total was?
Steve Spray: Yeah. Sure. So you know, as we as we just talked about, you know, on the for the major lines of business, commercial property, general liability, and auto were in the high single-digit range. Work comp is down the mid single-digit range, that's been, you know, that's pretty been been pretty well documented. So we're still seeing rate into that commercial lines book. But I think the point estimate or the average Greg, just doesn't it doesn't tell the story for us. Our underwriters at the desk level working with agents using the precision you know, the pricing tools that they have, are segmenting our book. So there's a large percentage of our book, business, and as you know, we're package underwriter. That may just as an example, may get a flat increase. And there's a percentage of our book it's albeit smaller. You know, may get twenty or thirty percent. Point being, is that we are segmenting. We're underwriting and pricing policy by policy risk by risk. So we're still seeing rate come into the book. The rate from last year, eighteen months ago, was still earning into the book. So you know, I, you know, I I I suspect here throughout twenty twenty-five, you'll still see rate coming into that commercial lines book.
Gregory Peters: Thank you for your answers.
Steve Spray: Sure. Thank you, Greg.
Operator: The next question is from Dean Crecydielo with KBW. Please go ahead.
Dean Crecydielo: Hi. I wanted to start and sort of dive deeper into the reserve strengthening both in commercial auto and the excess and surplus lines segment. I was just sort of curious, like, there's anything else you could provide on sort of the accident years that the strengthening came from and what sort of trends you're seeing in those lines.
Mike Sewell: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Dean. This is Mike Sewell. Yeah, you're you're you're keying in on a couple of points there. So on the personal auto, know, it's it's really I think our case incurred for some of the liability coverages that are in there, we're showing an upward trend. And I would say that those were mostly for the twenty twenty-three and the twenty twenty-two accident years mostly. So that's where you saw a little bit of reserve strengthening there. And then as it relates to the surplus lines, our case incurred are there, they were just they were they were just materializing greater than what we had had expected. E and S is about ninety percent casualty at least of our book. So it's really kinda similar to the industry averages you know, that we're seeing with inflation, etcetera. So more prudent reserving was there. And as I indicated, we added nine hundred and ninety-eight million of IBNR. So for for the overall book, about a third of that went to commercial casualty. So you know, just prudent reserving, watching what we're doing, and being being consistent with our process. So thanks for the question.
Dean Crecydielo: Yeah. Got it. That makes sense. And then just quickly on, you know, the commercial property, like, current accident, your ex-cat loss ratio. It it seemed abnormally low this quarter. Is there an any other color you can provide on why the profitability was so strong this quarter?
Steve Spray: Sure. Dean, this is Steve Spray. Yeah. We'll take it. But what's driving that is was just a a a drop in large losses has drove them. Absolute lion's share of those commercial property results. But I would be you know, you can get you can get volatility with those large losses quarter to quarter. We've had it where we you know, where it's gone the other way. So, again, prefer to look at the kind of the full year. Our teams I I'd be remiss if I didn't talk about commercial lines underwriting teams working with the agents. And underwriting that commercial property book. It was, you know, it was running a bit of a temperature, and so just as we always do, all hands on deck with risk selection and pricing segmentation got us in a good spot there.
Dean Crecydielo: Got it. Thank you.
Steve Spray: Thank you, Dean.
Operator: Again, if you have a question, please press star then one. The next question is from Michael Zaremski with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Michael Zaremski: Hi. Morning. It's Dan on for Mike. You know, if I could just go back to know, adding to commercial casualty, IBNR. You know, you're still adding to those levels year over year, maybe a little less so in magnitude than twenty twenty-three. You just talk about the lost cost inflation trend that you're seeing now and how that's changed throughout the year? Thanks.
Steve Spray: Sure. Mike, Steve Spray again. Yeah. We you know, as you know, we don't disclose a a specific loss cost increased. But I would say, maybe I'll answer this a little broader too, is we feel we feel that that our rates, our premiums again, this is on a prospective basis. Everything we do with rate making is prospective that that our our pricing is exceeding or or matching loss cost? The only one caveat on that would be with the workers' compensation line of business.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Thanks. Then maybe just on know, the casualty trend. You know, what how much of that would you say is a reaction to since he's contractors industry exposure, I think some peers have talked about this industry as being, you know, overly exposed to social inflation.
Steve Spray: Yeah. I mean, I can't say that we have seen the construction business, at least the business that we write Mike being overly exposed to social inflation. You know, a lot of the social inflation we see is into the umbrella off of auto commercial auto losses. You know, we do back to the construction piece, we do watch closely and it really depends on the jurisdiction you're in or the venue in. Construction defects, claims can be a challenge from time to time. And maybe that's what they're referring to. But for our construction book, which would be small to mid-market particularly. Trade contractors and such. With that mix of business, we haven't seen I can't say we've seen the social inflation into our construction book.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Thanks. Then also just on workers' comp, you mentioned know, that's the only line of business where you're seeing trend above pricing. Just, you know, there was an acceleration reserve releases and comp. This year. Are there any thoughts to maybe adjusting that pick going forward? Or, you know, taking some more of the good news upfront?
Steve Spray: Yeah. That's something that know, we talked regularly here with with the actuarial team, and they're taking a look at it all the time. So I don't have anything to report on that, Mike. Obviously, you know, I've been talking about the deterioration of work comp pricing for I don't know how long now, and know, calendar year wise, the the results continue to be favorable. So we'll take it. But your points are also well taken as far as just understanding, and maybe taking a different view of it. We'll leave that in the hands or in discussions with the actuaries.
Michael Zaremski: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Steve Spray for any closing remarks.
Steve Spray: Thank you, Gary, and thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter 2025 call.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-25 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Cincinnati Financial Corporation’s Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. Please go ahead.
Dennis McDaniel : Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel at Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our Investor website, investors.cinfin.com. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you'll first hear from President and Chief Executive Officer Steve Spray, and then from Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including Executive Chairman, Steve Johnston, Chief Investment Officer, Steve Soloria, and Cincinnati Insurance's Chief Claims Officer, Mark Schambow, and Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance, Teresa Hopper. Please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules, and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. Now I'll turn over the call to Steve.
Steve Spray : Good morning, and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our results. We are pleased with our operating performance for the third quarter and first nine months of the year. Several metrics show the progress we are making as we work to provide value to shareholders over time and to deliver outstanding service to agencies and their clients through our dedicated associates. Our combined ratio continues to improve, absent the volatility caused by severe weather. While the devastation Hurricane Helene, in particular, inflicted on communities is heartbreaking, our claims associates are working tirelessly to deliver superior service with empathy and care. We had another quarter of strong premium growth, bolstered by improved pricing precision and risk segmentation by our underwriters on a policy-by-policy basis. In addition to another quarter with nice investment income growth, we executed investment portfolio rebalancing to a larger degree than a typical quarter. We believe that effort will produce both near-term and long-term financial benefits. Net income of $820 million for the third quarter of 2024 included recognition of $645 million on an after-tax basis for the increase in fair value of equity securities still held. Non-GAAP operating income of $224 million for the third quarter was down $37 million from a year ago, driven by an $86 million increase in after-tax catastrophe losses. Our 97.4% third quarter 2024 property casualty combined ratio was 3.0 percentage points higher than the third quarter of last year and included an increase of 3.9 points for catastrophe losses. Our 86.8% accident year 2024 combined ratio before catastrophe losses improved by 0.9 percentage points compared with accident year 2023 for the third quarter and was 0.8 points better on a nine-month basis. We had another quarter of what we believe is profitable premium growth. Agencies representing Cincinnati Insurance again produced a robust amount of new business for us and we continue to appoint agencies where we identify appropriate expansion opportunities. Our underwriters use pricing segmentation by risk plus average price increases along with careful risk selection to help improve our underwriting profitability. Estimated average renewal price increases for the third quarter improved incrementally compared with the second quarter of this year. Commercial lines moved a little higher in this high single-digit percentage range and excess and surplus lines remained in the high single-digit range. Our personal line segment also moved a little higher with personal auto in the low double-digit range and homeowner in the high single-digit range. Our consolidated property casualty net written premiums grew 17% for the quarter, including 16% growth in agency renewal premiums and 30% in new business premiums. As I next comment on performance by insurance segment, I'll focus on third quarter premium growth and underwriting profitability compared with a year ago. Commercial lines grew net written premiums 11%, with an excellent 93.0% combined ratio that improved by 2.2 percentage points, including 1.3 points from lower catastrophe losses. Personal lines grew net written premiums 29%, including growth in middle market accounts and Cincinnati private client business for our agency's high network clients. Its combined ratio was 110.3%, 10.4 percentage points higher than last year, driven by an increase of 12.7 points from higher catastrophe losses. Excess and surplus lines grew net written premiums 23%, with a combined ratio of 95.3%. While that's still quite profitable, it's less so than a year ago due to higher catastrophe losses and a modest amount of unfavorable reserve development on prior accident years. Both Cincinnati REIT and Cincinnati Global were again profitable and continue to reflect our efforts to diversify risk and further improve income stability. Cincinnati REIT grew third quarter 2024 net written premiums 5% and had a 95.6% combined ratio, bringing its nine-month combined ratio to a very profitable 81.5%. The $38 million of catastrophe losses Cincinnati REIT reported for the quarter included approximately $19 million for Hurricane Helene. Cincinnati Global's combined ratio was an outstanding 66.6% for the third quarter, with 12% growth in net written premiums. Our life insurance subsidiary had another profitable quarter, including net income of $20 million and term life insurance earned premium growth of 4%. Before I close my prepared remarks, I'd like to briefly comment on the estimated effects of Hurricane Milton on fourth quarter results. While it is still early, we estimate our pre-tax incurred losses will total between $75 million and $125 million, net of any applicable reinsurance recoveries. Catastrophe losses for direct business written by the Cincinnati Insurance Company represents less than $15 million of that estimate while Cincinnati REIT represents more than half. Now, I'll conclude as usual with our primary measure of long-term financial performance, the value creation ratio. Our third quarter 2024 VCR was 9.0%, bringing the nine-month total to an excellent 17.8%. Net income before investment gains or losses for the quarter contributed 1.7%, higher overall valuation of our investment portfolio and other items contributed 7.3%. Next, Chief Financial Officer Mike Sewell will highlight some additional aspects of our financial performance.
Mike Sewell : Thank you, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Investment income had another round of strong growth, up 15% for the third quarter of ‘24, compared with the same quarter in ‘23. Dividend income was down 1%, reflecting $959 million of net sales of equity securities during the third quarter, primarily from some portfolio rebalancing through trimming or exiting positions of seven common stocks among our 63 holdings at the beginning of the quarter. As Steve mentioned in our news release, this does not represent a change in our investment approach of holding a significant amount of equities as we work to balance near-term income generation with long-term book value growth. The large cash balance generated during the third quarter has been reduced and should continue to decline with additional bond purchases during the remainder of the year. Bond interest income grew 21% for the third quarter of this year. Net purchases of fixed maturity securities totaled $672 million for the quarter and $1.4 billion for the first nine months of the year. The third quarter pre-tax average yield of 4.8% for the fixed maturity portfolio was up 36 basis points compared with last year. The average pre-tax yield for the total of purchased taxable and tax-exempt bonds during the third quarter of this year was 5.53%. Valuation changes in aggregate for the third quarter were favorable for both our equity portfolio and our bond portfolio. Before tax effects, the net gain was $841 million for the equity portfolio and $411 million for the bond portfolio. At the end of the third quarter, the total investment portfolio net appreciated value was approximately $7.3 billion. The equity portfolio was in a net gain position of $7.5 billion, while the fixed maturity portfolio was in a net loss position of $203 million. Cash flow, in addition to higher bond yields, again, boosted investment income growth. Cash flow from operating activities for the first nine months of 2024 reached $2 billion, up 36% from a year ago. I'll briefly comment on expense management and our efforts to balance expense control with strategic business investments. The third quarter 2024 property casualty underlying expense ratio decrease of 0.2 percentage points was largely due to lower levels of profit sharing commissions for agencies. Moving on to loss reserves, our approach remains consistent and aims for net amounts in the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of net loss and loss expense reserves. As we do each quarter, we consider new information, such as paid losses and case reserves. Then we updated estimated ultimate losses and loss expenses by accident year and line of business. For the first nine months of 2024, our net addition to property casualty loss and loss expense reserves was $963 million, including $917 million for the IB&R portion. During the third quarter, we experienced $71 million of property casualty net favorable reserve development on prior accident years that benefited the combined ratio by 3.2 percentage points. For commercial casualty line of business, there was no material reserve development for any prior accident year during the quarter. On an all lines basis by accident year, net reserve development for the first nine months of ‘24 included favorable $326 million for ‘23, favorable $55 million for ‘22, favorable $10 million for ‘21, and an unfavorable $180 million in aggregate for accident years prior to ‘21. My final comments pertain to capital management. During the first nine months of 2024, we returned capital to shareholders through $365 million of dividends paid and nearly 1.1 million shares repurchased at an average price of approximately $112 per share. Earlier this month, another dividend was paid, returning another $120 million or so to shareholders. That payment completed the company's 64th consecutive year of increasing shareholder dividends, a streak we believe is matched by only seven other publicly traded companies based in the United States. We believe our financial flexibility and our financial strength are both in stellar condition. Parent company cash and marketable securities at quarter end exceeded $5 billion. Debt to total capital remained under 10%. And our quarter end book value was at a record high, $88.32 per share with nearly $14 billion of GAAP consolidated shareholders equity providing plenty of capacity for profitable growth of our insurance operations. Now I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Spray: Thanks, Mike. The momentum we have right now is powerful. As we put the finishing touches on department plans for next year, you can feel the excitement and see the opportunities that lie ahead in all corners of the company. Agents Echo that feeling as they comment on their appreciation for our ability to deliver stability, consistency, and financial strength, giving them a first-class carrier to support their most well-managed accounts. Last week, Fitch Ratings Agency agreed, affirming our current financial strength ratings and revising our outlook to positive from stable based on our sustained track record of profitability and proven financial strength. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Steve Johnston, Steve Soloria, Mark Schambow, and Teresa Hopper. Betsy, please open the call for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Michael Phillips with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Michael Phillips : Thanks. Michael Phillips from Oppenheimer. I appreciate it. Thanks for the time, and good morning, everybody. I want to start with the commercial casualty. Steve, you mentioned no material favorable PYB there. Last quarter, you had a little bit, and the recent action years are favorable. I say as a backdrop, because if you look at the current action year there, it's up a bit. In commercial casualty, it's up almost 6 points and I kind of want to drill into what's driving that? You say in the Q that for commercial lines total, there's more IBNR. It looks like that might be the case for some other lines, but if we can kind of do back of the envelope, the higher loss pick for commercial casualty, it seems like it might be more paid activity. I want to see if you can confirm that and maybe what else might be going on in commercial casualty? Thank you.
Steve Spray: Yes, thanks, Mike. Mike Sewell is going to go ahead and tackle this, and then I may add some commentary at the end.
Mike Sewell: No, I appreciate it, and thanks for the question. So, yes, as you already noted, there was no prior accident year that had a material development during this quarter. So, recent quarters, we've added to or we've slowed the release of IBNR reserves as we've reacted to lost payments and case reserve increases that were higher than expected for some accident years related to the commercial casualty line. There has been some higher case incurred losses that were spread across several accident years that was more severity than frequency. But, as you're probably looking at page 9 of the supplement and you're seeing the loss pick being elevated a little bit, it's really, Mike, it's just related to prudent case reserves or prudent reserves that we're adding. There's a lot of uncertainty there. You're seeing a lot of things in the industry that's out there. If I were to take a look at the nine-month compared to nine-month for that loss pick, you're really only about two full points higher. We are adding to the IBNR you've seen that on page 11 of the supplement, and you'll see that the commercial casualty is the largest area that we're adding IBNR. So, that's probably a lot of information, but, yes, that's the background. Thank you.
Michael Phillips : Okay, thanks. I guess if we stick with that line for a second, Steve, your opening comments didn't seem like there was much of a change in commentary on renewed price changes, and yet this line saw a pretty good jump in premium growth. I'm so curious what's driving that and how we should think about the commercial casualty going forward with top-line growth?
Steve Spray: Yes, I think, yes, Mike, the pricing there just remains strong. Everything that Mike said, I'd probably focus from the pricing standpoint, just the uncertainty around social inflation, legal system abuse, however you want to title that, but just uncertainty in general. I think the key with us, and I always go back to this, one, we're a package writer. We don't write monoline business. And two, our underwriters, whether they're in the field or here in headquarters, are just tackling these accounts risk by risk. One by one, they're using the art of underwriting that we've all grown up with, and then the science. I think we're kind of at a nice spot intersection there. Just the way we can segment our book with sophisticated pricing tools, I think there's runway and rate in all lines of business and commercial, may be minus workers' compensation, but general liability and umbrella, certainly I think there's runway for more rate there. And currently, as we disclosed, we're getting high single digits in the casualty, but again, that's that point estimate. You really have to look at the -- just kind of the -- that average doesn't tell the whole story. You got to look at the whole book, and there's a fair amount of our book that we would consider price adequate, and then in various levels and tranches where we need more rate.
Michael Phillips : Okay. Thank you. I'll follow up in a bit. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Zaremski with BMO. Please go ahead.
Michael Zaremski : Okay. Thanks. I guess this is a quick follow-up to the last question and answer on playing offense in commercial casualty, and I could see commercial auto, too. Is it my understanding correctly that you're clearly playing more offense and feel better even despite the loss ratio in those two lines being booked at not ideal levels because you're just being more conservative in your picks like you have historically, and so as the years unfold, hopefully that conservatism comes back in a good guy through reserve releases over time? Am I thinking about it correctly?
Steve Spray: Yes. Mike, let me -- this is Steve again. Let me try that and then give me a follow-up. First of all, overarching, we feel good about our pricing. Obviously, where we're focused is on prospective pricing or rating periods. So we feel good about our pricing. We feel good about team that's executing on that as well. And we look at that state by state and like I said, risk by risk, by line of business. I would say we're definitely playing offense. We've got $13.8 billion of GAAP equity now supporting a little more than $9 billion of premium. I think that puts us in an enviable position. We -- as you know, our deep relationships with our agents we are regularly communicating with them. And I can tell you that the feedback we get from them is one of the appreciation for our consistency, our stability, our financial strength. We're playing offense, I think, in all segments and all lines of business. We've -- I talk about it a lot when we have these one-on-one investor meetings as well, but we've got that proven track record that proven business model, our field focused, the way we handle claims, our agency focus. But over the last 12, 13 years, the biggest improvement that has really driven our confidence and playing offense is that pricing sophistication and segmentation that we are -- we've been executing on for a decade plus. But that, along with the team that puts those predictive models in play, that just gives me a tremendous amount of confidence in everything we're doing and being able to grow through all market cycles. In Personal Lines, we're -- I've talked about this in the past, too. I think we're in a once in a lifetime, once in a generation, however you'd like to put it, you could call it hard market, I look at it as a market opportunity. And we -- our ex cat there continues to improve. We're not just -- that doesn't make us happy. We got to pay cat dollars with real money. Commercial lines -- or excuse me, personal lines last year had 100.4 combined. The four years prior to that, in a rising cat environment had an all-in underwriting profit. So just feel good about, again, all lines of business and all segments. I hope that answers it.
Michael Zaremski : Yes. Honestly, if you're booking a much better loss ratio in some of those lines, may be the stock would be up today, but I don't know how much people -- would some people would believe in it. So it seems like you are being conservative, makes sense. I guess just switching gears. So on the large sell-down on the investment portfolio, I think what you're saying is just no real change there due to Steve's new leadership? Or you're just kind of saying, if we just do the math on equities as a percentage of shareholders' equity XOCI, we're running well above historic levels. So you're trimming. And is that the right way to think about it? And will you continue to trim to get to a lower ratio?
Steve Spray: Mike, I'll tackle the first part of that. I can tell you that there is absolutely no change in our philosophy because of a new CEO. But I'll let Steve Soloria kind of dive into the details there for you.
Steve Soloria: Mike, this is Steve Soloria. Again, I would agree with what you said. We view it as just standard prudent portfolio management. We were trying to be opportunistic. We will periodically trim or prune names in the portfolio for a variety of reasons, managing within our investment policy statement, evaluating stocks on a fundamental basis. And we felt that with that in mind, selling into a strong equity market on a couple of names that had run a bit was, again, opportunistic. And as we looked at that, we started to look at where to invest those funds. Where was the best opportunity? Was it rolling back into a hot market or maybe taking advantage of interest rates that this -- the window may be closing on higher rates. So we started to roll into those, again, opportunistically. And as we looked at that, we were looking at tax implications and what booking gains was going to do for us and trying to offset some of those losses. So it was kind of a perfect storm of several different factors that kind of drove us to the scale of where we were. But the typical activity is stuff that we do on a quarterly basis anyway. So we feel we'll revert back to a more normalized activity level.
Michael Zaremski : Okay. That's helpful, Steve. And may be lastly, switching to the access and surplus lines segment. Just focusing specifically on the top line growth acceleration trend in recent quarters. I know there's historically been plenty of top line volatility in this segment, too, and it's a smaller segment, but is there a trend line we should be thinking of or something changing? Or I'm not saying we're going to run rate 23% top line growth. But I'm just curious if there's something underlying that we should be appreciating? Thanks.
Steve Spray: Yes. Thanks, Mike. Yes, nothing changing there. We're about 90% casualty in our E&S space. You can get some inherent variability or volatility in E&S, just in general, as you mentioned, as you know, both with premium and with losses. If you lose a larger account or so that will put pressure quarter-to-quarter on that net written premium. But I would sum it up to you this way is that we're working on 12 years, again, of underwriting profit in our E&S company customary to the way we look at reserving throughout the entire company, we take prudent approach. We equipped to act when we see things. And as far as the growth goes, I would be consistent there as well. I think we're in a -- definitely in a favorable environment, but I think we can grow our E&S company through all environments. I think we're still just scratching the surface with what we can do from an excess and surplus line standpoint.
Michael Zaremski : Is it worth elaborating on why do you think you discretion the surface? Is it just you, over time, get more data and can expand your underwriting appetite or hiring more folks or trying to understand that thing.
Steve Spray: Yes. I think -- yes, yes, that's a good follow-up. I think it's all of the above. We continue to expand our expertise. We continue to expand the team. We continue to expand the products that we look at, we're adding more agencies across the entire company that favorably impacts our E&S company as well. So -- and when we look at the business that our agents write the amount of business that they placed in the E&S space, we can just see tremendous opportunity. And I think our business model the fact that we deal directly with the retail agents. We've got our own in-house brokerage. We can return more of the compensation directly to our agents. We have direct bill we handle claims with our own people. You get the point that I just think is an attractive model that we can continue to just expand.
Operator: The next question comes from Gregory Peters with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Gregory Peters : Good morning, everyone. So kind of, I guess, building a little bit on Mike's question, but more importantly, some comments that you made talking about the generational opportunities for growth, I think, in personal lines. Can you give us some perspective on your view on what used to be when you're throwing all the new business on the "new business penalty" and attended both personal lines and commercial lines? Can you give us a sense of how the profile business has changed over the last couple of years? Or is it a geographic change or just some color on how the company is changing as it grows.
Steve Spray: Yes. I think it's -- I think, yes, that book of business has evolved for sure. 10 years ago, we were 90%, what we would call middle-market personal lines. that now, that book has grown considerably, as you can see, and we're just under 60%, which would be considered private client or high net worth I think the reason I say once in the lifetime is just there's just so many macro things going on there, Greg, both in the middle market space, primarily around severe convective storm, I'd say, in the Midwest. Inflation hit that pretty hard as well. The traditional competitors that we had in that marketplace just seem to be disrupted. Our balance sheet strength allowed us to take advantage of that opportunity. I think one of the big strengths we have in personal lines today, and I'll talk about it a lot, is that we -- and this is our agents telling this. I think we are considered a premier market, both in the high net worth or private client and in middle market. One of the advantages to us is, obviously, with deep agency relationships, we can be a solution or being more important to each of them with being able to handle middle market and the high net worth I think, in a first-class way. Financially, it's giving us some diversification both by a line of business and geographically. High net worth or private client is typically it's property driven, less so auto, middle market, the exact opposite, auto driven more or less so on the home high net worth tends to be on the coast. We write it everywhere, but it tends to be coastal, middle market, more in the middle of the country. So we just think we're getting a nice mix and diversification across that entire segment. Now on the pricing, yes, I think it's the same confidence that I talked about with Mike on commercial lines. It's just we've got an experienced team with a ton of expertise in building these models across the entire business. New business penalty, I don't believe in a new business penalty, I think you've got to write every risk at the right rate on a risk-adjusted basis. And I'm just confident in where our pricing is going on a prospective basis. I hope that answers.
Gregory Peters: Yes, it does. It does. I mean one of the -- you were mentioning the opportunities with severe convective storms. You're talking about E&S. I just have this, I guess, this natural pivot that I think you're growing your exposures like in California, Texas and Florida, may be a little bit in the Northeast versus other areas of the country. But I guess that's what I was kind of thinking about because you talked about your losses to Milton, and it doesn't seem to be as large as, I guess, it could have potentially been but maybe your exposures are running in different areas of the state in Florida?
Steve Spray: Yes. Our Florida new business in Personal Lines is down a little over $4 million year-over-year. But let me make sure I'm clear on that as well. It's not just the rate that we're driving, particularly in the middle market severe convective storm exposed property. Terms and conditions are probably equally as important there, whether it be wind inhale deductibles, ACV or roof schedules. And then when you speak specifically to E&S on the personal line side, Greg that is predominantly right now for us. That's California home. We've got our E&S capability up and running in 10-plus states, most of those coastal. But as an example, even in Florida, we're writing new business on an E&S basis. But we just haven't seen that -- we feel that the pricing the terms and conditions that we can get are as attractive as we would need. So we'll continue to be conservative there.
Gregory Peters: Fair enough. I just pivot to another company question on the agents. I view them as a critical strength of your company, the agent relationships. Can you talk to us as you look out to next year, what you think the growth of the agency force might look like or the appointments that you make in '25? Or do you have a target? Or how do you sort of approach that, please?
Steve Spray: Yes. We're not making public. Greg, our goal for agencies for next year. What I can tell you is that we are committed to expanding that distribution. We think there's plenty of opportunity without “diluting the franchise”. We will not -- this is kind of my thought, and this is the direction we're heading is we will not dilute the franchise by the number of agencies we appoint. What we have to focus on is making sure that we continue to do business with the most professional, and candidly, those who are most aligned just with the way we do business, locally fast, fair, handling business at the local level. You're right. The agency relationships are key to everything we do. I think it's our differentiator. It's something that we're going to continue to stay focused on doing business locally is a big piece of that. But you can expect us to continue to expand the distribution I would say, roughly at a clip that you've seen us this year and over the last couple of years.
Gregory Peters: Fair enough. Thank you for answering my questions.
Steve Spray: Yes, absolutely. Thank you for the questions.
Operator: The next question comes from Jing Li with KBW. Please go ahead.
Jing Li: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. I just have a question on E&S unfavorable development. I know it's pretty small, but I appreciate if you can add some colors on that.
Steve Spray: Jing, yes, the -- I think you were referring to the unfavorable development on the E&S casualty. And I would just say for you there. It's just that we saw case incurred losses that are emerging at amounts higher than we expected. Like I mentioned earlier, that business -- that book of business is 90% casualty, it's E&S. So it's got inherent volatility in it, inherent variability, but we've got a great track record of profitability in our E&S company. And we'll just continue to stay prudent like we always have company-wide with the reserves. So that's about all I'd have to add on unfavorable in the quarter for E&S.
Jing Li: Got it. Thank you. I have a follow-up on the personal auto and personal line. So the rate accelerated from high single digit to low double digit. Just curious about your view to reach rate adequacy. Do you think that you still need double digit for 2025 and beyond?
Steve Spray: Yes. I wouldn't necessarily be able to give you, Jing the kind of run rate. All I can tell you is that we've still got a lot of rate earning into the book. And I think just with the -- all the things that we've talked about here, just with the changing weather patterns, I think there's still runway for rate across the entire personal lines book. We -- and I would say this, again, the key for us is looking at it prospectively, and we do feel on a prospective basis that our rates in personal lines are ahead of loss cost trends.
Jing Li: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The next question comes from Grace Carter with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Grace Carter : Hi, everyone. I realize these are smaller segments, but the core loss ratio ticked up quite a bit versus recent history in both other commercial and other personal. So I was hoping that you could kind of give us an update on what you're seeing there? And if there's any sort of intra-year movement in there? And if it's just kind of related to some of the comments you've heard across the industry on pressure on long tail lines? Thank you.
Steve Spray: Yes, Grace, thank you. You alluded to it. They're smaller premiums there. You're going to have -- I think it's just a lot of inherent variability or volatility in those lines. As an example, in personal lines, it could be a little watercraft that you're seeing there in our book. But we do a deep dive on every line of business on a regular basis. And there's nothing there that points us in the direction of anything to be concerned about as far as geographic or agency or line of business. So I think that's about all I'd have to add on that for you, Grace.
Grace Carter: Okay. Thank you. And I guess I had another question on commercial casualty. I mean I think usually, you all have said that historically, you see the core loss ratio higher in core 1 or in quarter -- in the first quarter relative to the last three quarters of the year, just given higher uncertainty from the newness of the accident year I guess I'm just kind of trying to understand better like what exactly you all saw this quarter that resulted in Q3 kind of moving above Q1 and just kind of trying to think about if maybe a year-to-date number is the best way to think about sort of where we should see that trending going forward? Or just kind of any sort of color you can give on whether or not the Q3 level might be kind of the new run rate? Thank you.
Steve Spray: Yes, Grace, you're absolutely right. We -- typically, every quarter that we get more data, more information, you just refine those picks even more. I think what you've got going on and commercial casualty is just the macro things that Mike alluded to earlier litigation costs up. The number of claims that are turning into litigation, social inflation, the legal system abuse, third-party litigation funding. It's all just really kind of in that line of business, industry-wide, I think, a little upside down. So I think that's why you're seeing that in the third quarter, it's just -- we're really trying to be prudent on that line of business just because the amount of uncertainty there has stayed pretty consistent. So as you know, we've got 30-plus years of favorable development. And we do that through a consistent process, consistent people and acting quickly when we see things that just cause us concern. But there's nothing specific in that third quarter other than, I would say, macro uncertainty.
Grace Carter: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Steve Spray for any closing remarks.
Steve Spray: Well, thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on the fourth quarter call. I hope everybody has a nice weekend.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Cincinnati Financial Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. Please go ahead.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel at Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you'll first hear from President and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Spray, and then from Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating in the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including Executive Chairman, Steve Johnson, Chief Investment Officer Steve Soloria, and Cincinnati Insurance's Chief Claims Officer Mark Schambow, and Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance, Teresa Hopper. Please note that some of these matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements include certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and, therefore, does not reconcile the GAAP. Now, I'll turn over the call to Steve.
Steve Spray: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our results. We had a good quarter and first half of the year. In addition to our strong financial performance, recent travel to meet with agents reinforced my excitement about the future. Agents are quite enthusiastic about doing business with us, citing our responsiveness as we answer the call, both literally and figuratively, to help them navigate this challenging insurance market. While picking up the phone is part of our culture, the confidence we have in our expertise and Cincinnati's financial strength lets us continue growing profitably, delivering insurance solutions for our agents and their best clients. Net income of $312 million for the second quarter of 2024 included recognition of $112 million on an after-tax basis for the increase in fair value of equity securities still held. Non-GAAP operating income of $204 million for the second quarter was up $13 million from a year ago. Investment income continued to grow nicely and contributed $17 million of the increase. The 98.5% second quarter 2024 property casualty combined ratio was 0.9 percentage points higher than the second quarter of last year and included a decrease of 0.8 points for catastrophe losses. That brought the first half combined ratio to 96.1%. A nice place to be as we head into the second half of the year. Typically, the end of the year tends to be better than the beginning, in part due to the catastrophe loss ratio averaging about two points better in the second half based on the past 10 years. Our 88.2% accident year 2024 combined ratio before catastrophe losses improved by 2.2 percentage points compared with accident year 2023 for the second quarter. It was 0.7 points better on a six-month basis. Once again, overall reserve development of prior accident years was favorable. Although it was 3.6 points lower than a year ago, as we continue to consider uncertainty regarding ultimate losses and remain prudent in our reserve estimates until longer-term loss cost trends become more clear. We are entering the second half of the year with confidence and optimism. In addition to improved accident year results and an overall combined ratio for the first half of 2024 that was better than last year's first half, we are pleased with other measures regarding our operating performance. We had strong second quarter premium growth and believe it is profitable growth. We continue to use pricing segmentation by risk plus average price increases along with careful risk selection to help improve our underwriting profitability. Those efforts, plus others, are bolstering our progress in managing elevated inflation effects on insured losses. Agencies representing Cincinnati Insurance produced another quarter of profitable business for us and we continue to appoint additional agencies where we see appropriate expansion opportunities. Our underwriters continue to do excellent work as they emphasize retaining profitable accounts and managing ones that we determine have inadequate pricing based on our risk selection and pricing expertise. Estimated average renewal price increases for the second quarter were again at healthy levels with commercial lines near the low end of the high single-digit percentage range, excess and surplus lines in the high single-digit range, personal auto in the low double-digit range, and homeowner in the high single-digit range. Our consolidated property casualty net written premiums grew 14% for the quarter, including 12% growth in agency renewal premiums and 34% in new business premiums. Next, I'll briefly highlight operating performance by insured segment, focusing on second quarter premium growth and underwriting profitability compared with a year ago. Commercial lines grew net written premiums 7% for the second quarter with a 99.1% combined ratio that increased by 2.2 percentage points and included prior accident year reserve development that was less favorable by 2.9 points. Personal lines grew net written premiums 30%, including growth in middle market accounts in addition to Cincinnati private client business for our agency's high net worth clients. Its combined ratio was 106.9%, 0.7% percentage points better than last year, despite an increase of 1.2 points from higher catastrophe losses. Excess and surplus lines grew net written premiums 15% and was also profitable with a combined ratio of 95.4%, up 3.2 percentage points from second quarter a year ago due to unfavorable reserve development. Both Cincinnati REIT and Cincinnati Global were again very profitable and continue to reflect our efforts to diversify risk and further improve income stability. Cincinnati REIT's combined ratio for the second quarter of 2024 was an excellent 70.1%. It grew net written premiums by 17%, bringing the overall six-month written premium for 2024 in line with 2023. Cincinnati Global's combined ratio was also excellent at 63.2%. While it grew net written premiums 2% for the first half of the year, second quarter premiums were down 18%, reflecting pricing discipline in a very competitive market. Our life insurance subsidiary had an outstanding quarter, including net income of $24 million and operating income growth of 26%. Term life insurance earned premiums grew 2%. I'll conclude with our primary measure of long-term financial performance, the value creation ratio. Our second quarter, 2024 VCR, was 2.2%. Net income before investment gains or losses for the quarter contributed 1.6%. Our overall valuation of our investment portfolio and other items contributed 0.6%. Now Chief Financial Officer Mike Sewell will add his comments to highlight other parts of our financial performance.
Mike Sewell: Thank you, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Investment income continued to grow up 10% for the second quarter of 2024 compared with the same quarter in 2023. Dividend income was down 1% or $1 million for the quarter, primarily due to two unusual items that totaled approximately $2 million. One was a holding with a June x dividend date in 2023 that moved to July 1st in 2024. The other was a holding that reduced its dividend rate by 53% after a spinoff transaction. Bond interest income grew 18% for the second quarter of this year. We again added fixed maturity securities to our investment portfolio with net purchases totaling $771 million for the first six months of the year. The second quarter pre-tax average yield of 4.64% for the fixed maturity portfolio was up 30 basis points compared with last year. The average pre-tax yield for the total of purchased taxable and tax-exempt bonds during the second quarter of 2024 was 6.06%. Valuation changes in aggregate for the second quarter of 2024 were favorable for our equity portfolio and unfavorable for our bond portfolio. Before tax effects, the net gain was $149 million for the equity portfolio, partially offset by a net loss of $93 million for the bond portfolio. At the end of the quarter, total investment portfolio net appreciated value was approximately $6.7 billion. The equity portfolio was in a net gain position of $7.4 billion, while the fixed maturity portfolio was in a net loss position of $700 million. Cash flow continued to benefit investment income in addition to higher bond yields. Cash flow from operating activities for the first six months of 2024 was $1.1 billion, up 33% from a year ago. I'll move on to expense management, where we always work to balance controlling expenses with making strategic investments in our business. The second quarter of 2024 property casualty underlying expense ratio was 0.5% points higher than last year, reflecting higher levels of profit sharing commissions for agencies in employee-related expenses. Next, let me comment on lost reserves, where our approach remains consistent and aims for net amounts in the upper half of the actually estimated range of net loss and lost expense reserves. As we do each quarter, we consider new information, such as paid losses and case reserves. Then, we updated estimated ultimate losses and loss expenses by accident year and line of business. For the first six months of 2024, our net addition to property casualty loss expense reserves was $578 million, including $506 million for the IB&R portion. During the second quarter, we experienced $40 million of property casualty net favorable reserve development on prior accident years that benefited the combined ratio by 1.9 percentage points. The commercial line segment saw overall favorable reserve development of $29 million, driven by workers' compensation and commercial property, which more than offset the unfavorable development in commercial casualty. Commercial casualty was again the line of business having the largest amount of unfavorable reserve development, with a total of $28 million for the quarter, or less than 1% of that line's year-end 2023 reserve balance. We released reserves in some recent accident years and added reserves totaling $51 million in aggregate for accident years prior to 2021, including $30 million for 2018 through 2020, due to case incurred losses emerging at amounts higher than we expected. The unfavorable amounts reflects our slowing the release of IB&R reserves for some of those older accident years while adding to others. On an all-lines basis by accident year, net reserve development for the first six months of 2024 included favorable $269 million for 2023, favorable $36 million for 2022, favorable $17 million for 2021, and an unfavorable $182 million in aggregate for accident years prior to 2021, with commercial casualty representing $167 million of the unfavorable $182 million. I'll conclude my comments with the capital management highlights, another area where we have a consistent long-term approach. We paid $125 million in dividends to shareholders during the second quarter of 2024. We also repurchased 395,000 shares, an average price per share of $116.33. We think our financial flexibility and our financial strength are both in excellent shape. Parent company cash and marketable securities at quarter end was nearly $5 billion. Debt to total capital contributed continued to be under 10%. And our quarter end book value was at a record high, $81.79 per share, with $12.8 billion of GAAP consolidated shareholders equity providing plenty of capacity for profitable growth of our insurance operations. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Spray: Thanks, Mike. Before we move on to questions, I'd like to share some additional observations based on my first few months as CEO. I've spoken with many of our agents and associates, and they share my high level of confidence in the future of this company. In the first six months of this year, we've achieved a combined ratio of 96.1%. That makes 12.5 consecutive years of underwriting profit. A core loss ratio that continues to improve. Growth in net written premiums of 14%, with investment income up 13%. We've set the stage for 64 years of increasing dividends to shareholders. In the most challenging market of my career, our balance sheet allows us to lean in and grow with our agents. And I'm really excited about where we're headed. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Steve Johnston, Steve Soloria, Mark Schambow, and Teresa Hopper. Jason, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Michael Phillips from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Michael Phillips: I want to make sure, Mike, on your comments, I guess it flowed pretty quickly. I want to make sure I got the [indiscernible] right. I wasn't clear. The commercial casualty, when you were talking about releasing the recent action years and added 51 for 2021 and prior, was that commercial casualty or was that all lines?
Steve Spray: That was for -- thank you for the question. That was for commercial casualty only.
Michael Phillips: Okay. So, your ad sounds like it's more for those 2020, 2021, and prior, correct, for that line?
Steve Spray: That is exactly correct.
Michael Phillips: Okay. And that's similar, I think, in 4Q. You took a bigger charge for the same -- I don't know the exact same action years, but again, for the prior years, not so much for the recent ones.
Steve Spray: That's correct. Okay.
Michael Phillips: Okay. So I guess you're not seeing so far, or maybe you don't think you ever will, kind of what we're seeing from some others so far this quarter of 2020 subsequent is starting to become a problem. You're not seeing that, and maybe tell us why you think you won't control it?
Steve Spray: Well, this is Steve, Mike. First of all, I would just say, from my perspective, overall, there always seems to be movement in prior accident year losses. Some develop better than expected, sometimes higher than expected, as you know. It can be different by segment, line of business, and certainly accident years. It's, as you know, reserving is not a perfect science. That being said, couldn't be more confident in our process and the experience team that we have that are setting those reserves and taking the approach that we do. Comfortable with management's best estimate of ultimate losses here at the end of the second quarter. We've always had a track record, a long history of overall favorable development on a line basis. And in these most recent accident years, in any most recent accident year, I feel like we've always been very prudent in realizing there's not as much data there and just recognizing the uncertainty. And I think that uncertainty is still there. It's always going to be there in those most recent accident years. But I think our actuaries, they look at that and they take it into account. And I think one of the other benefits is that we're all here in one building. I think that's something that sometimes gets underestimated is that we're all here and we are talking literally multiple times a day with pricing actuaries, with the reserving actuaries, and then with the business years. And I think we're quick to act to things that we see on reserving, and we're just as quick to act when we see things in underwriting. Commercial umbrella, I'm really peeling it back here now, Mike, but, commercial umbrella, we noticed in the second quarter of '22, if you recall, just some unfavorable results there. Our actuaries were quick to act and take the appropriate action on the reserves, and then our underwriting was just as quick to act as well. And we reduced limits. We took terms and conditions action based on the fleet size, let's say, on the auto, certain classes of business, certain jurisdictions, and I think we jumped all over that. And now through six months of this year, commercial umbrella is running in the mid-90s, and things are looking very favorable there as well.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Steve, thank you for all that. That's helpful. I guess the second question then is staying with commercial casualty. It looks like your comments on kind of the renewal pricing for that line from 1Q to 2Q are about the same, like you said, around high single digits. I just want to confirm that, and maybe anything you want to share on kind of directionally for commercial casualty in the recent quarters, how things might be moving around.
Steve Spray: Yes, Mike. The high single digit on commercial casualty is correct, and that was consistent from the first quarter. I would say the commercial market -- we're a package writer, and the commercial marketplace, I would say, is rational and orderly. But my view is we still see runway for increased rate in the commercial marketplace. Now, the other thing I always have a caveat there is what we're really executing on and focusing here at the company at Cincinnati is segmentation and pricing these risks, risk by risk. And just the tools that we have, the predictive analytics we use to price the product is -- the average just doesn't tell the full story, as you can understand. And just the underwriting teams are just executing excellent on our segmentation strategy.
Michael Phillips: Okay, Steve. Thank you. Congrats, and congrats on your first quarter at the helm. I appreciate it.
Steve Spray: Yes, thank you, Mike. Much appreciated.
Operator: The next question comes from Gregory Peters from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Gregory Peters: Well, good morning, everyone. I guess sort of building on the commentary on pricing and casualty. I'm just curious about how you view your competitive positioning from a price perspective in the broader commercial book of business. It seems like the growth rates are beginning or have moderated except for perhaps property. So any added perspective on that would be insightful.
Steve Spray: Yes. I think, again, Greg, I think I've got this right on your question, but, insurance from our perspective is a local business, and it varies by state. It varies by size of account. Like I said, we're a package underwriter. We compete with national carriers. We compete with the small regional mutuals. And where our real focus is, is just focusing on what we do and building those deep relationships with those local agents. And when we're showing up, and like I said in my opening remarks, when we answer the call, we're confident in our risk selection, confident in our ability to price that product, and we're confident in the relationships we have with our agents because we've built those deep relationships that I don't worry about growth. We're continuing to appoint new agencies across the country. Like I said, when we see opportunity, we'll continue to do that going forward. But, it's all about the discipline and the risk selection and the pricing, and then we let it come to us. If you look at new business and commercial lines through the first half, up over 30%. The first half of last year, we were down considerably. Our risk selection and our pricing has not changed. What's changed is the environment that we're operating in, and those risks came to us. We didn't change our pricing discipline one bit, and the beauty is, is we can see that risk by risk, line by line.
Gregory Peters: Yes, fair enough. Pivot to and I know you provided some detail in your opening remarks. I'm focused on the expense ratio. That was up, I think there are some commission pressures, or maybe you can just go back and talk to us about the moving parts inside the expense ratio, and is the current level maybe on a six-month basis sort of the run rate we should think about going forward, or are there some unusual non-recurring items inside there that we should exclude?
Mike Sewell: Greg, this is Mike. Thanks for the question. On a year-to-date basis, as I mentioned, it did go up a little bit. Our combined ratio for the year was down a little bit, so the profit-sharing commission for the agencies, does go up, as we do invest for the future with hiring folks and so forth and other items, employee-related expenses is up a little bit. But when I look down the line, I do see where total dollars are going up, but, the rate of our earned premiums are outpacing the expenses as they increase, which is what I'm trying to do, what we're trying to do. So I think we're making good progress. I look at some of the expense categories, and actually they're down a little bit on a percentage, even though total dollars are up. So, seeing it right now at the 30.1 on a year-to-date basis, as we've been saying over the years, we've been trying to get below a 30, and so we're going to keep doing that. But, right now it's a little bit elevated probably from where I'd like it to be for all the right reasons of really paying the commissions to the agencies.
Gregory Peters: Okay. Makes sense. Thanks for the answers. Congratulations on your first quarter. Out of the gate, Steve.
Steve Spray: Thank you very much, Greg. I really appreciate it.
Operator: The next question comes from Charles Lederer from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Charles Lederer: I guess, can you talk about how mature those pre-2021 accident years for general liability are at this point?
MikeSewell: Can you repeat that question again, please?
Charles Lederer: Yes. I guess, how mature are those accident years, like the 2018 to '20 accident years, in your guys' view? If you could give color around that.
MikeSewell: Yes. I think we feel really good about the reserves. And first of all, the overall reserves with where we're at, but it was the 2020 to 2018 years that I mentioned the $30 million that was unfavorable versus the more recent accident years. If I think about the commercial casualty reserves and some of the things that actually makes me feel pretty good about it, when you look at the first six months of this year, we have been increasing our IBNR ratio, which I think we've kind of indicated. And so, for commercial casualty, we're about 10 percentage points higher of what we're adding for IBNR currently than when we were at the pre-pandemic full years of 2017 through 2019. So, just having the extra 10 percentage points, I think that's paying off for us. If I do look at through the end of the second quarter, our incurred loss, loss adjustment expense ratio, on average, if I take the '22, '23 year for commercial casualty, those picks are a little bit higher than those pre-pandemic years of 2017 through 2019. So, I think our ultimate picks are higher. And then, I think Steve mentioned it, with the confidence I think that we all have, with our process and so forth. If I look back over the last 15 years, I probably could have kept going. I think my spreadsheet was running out, but there was only two commercial casualty accident years that have not developed favorably during that time period from the original estimated ultimate picks at 12 months. So, I'm very confident as Steve is, with our process, the people doing it, et cetera, et cetera. So, I hope that's the color that you're looking for.
Charles Lederer: That's helpful. When you talked about the 10 points higher of IBNR, that's for all lines? Just want to make sure I understand. Not all lines, all accident years?
Mike Sewell: That is actually, that is for the commercial casualty when I'm looking at that by accident year or calendar year.
Charles Lederer: Okay. Yes. So, for all accident years. Okay. I guess on the personal line side, can you talk about, I guess, the divergence in, I guess, new business or can you bifurcate the new business trend and personal lines between middle market and high net worth? I know both were strong, but there's a lot of weight there. So, just curious.
Steve Spray: Yes. It moves around a little bit, Charlie, but right now, both are growing, as you can see, both are growing in a very healthy manner. Right now, middle market is outpacing high net worth a little bit or private client a little bit. That bounces around from quarter-to-quarter. We're also growing our E&S personal lines opportunity. I think the real key, from my perspective and from all of our perspectives, is that we have become, for our agents, a premier rider of personal lines, both in middle market and in private client or high net worth. And that just gives our agents a tremendous amount of confidence. We can be a solution for a bigger percentage of their business. We've got the sophisticated pricing that we need in the middle market for the comparative radar world. And then we've got the expertise in the private client. Now you add an E&S option where we can provide capacity for our agents and the insureds in their communities. And I've never seen a personal lines market like this. I think it's generational. And I think we are really taking advantage of the opportunity to, again, help our agents and help the policy holders in their community. We are open for business. We're confident in our pricing on a prospective basis, which is the way we always look at it. We've got a great leadership team. We've got tremendous expertise throughout the organization. So I really believe that the personal lines right now is transformational for Cincinnati Insurance.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Zaremski from BMO. Please go ahead.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, thanks. Taking those personal lines, and hopefully you appreciate it. I'm an analyst, so I focus on more of the negative than positive sometimes. But personal auto, the margins, there was some PYB there. Anything notable that's in personal auto we should think about?
Steve Spray: Mike, thanks for the question. I've always found you to be extremely positive. Obviously, personal auto, short tail line, the adverse development that you're seeing there is all in bodily injury. Our physical damage in personal auto is performing very well. I will say again, short tail line, the vast majority of that adverse development is in accident year 2023, and there's a little bit in the 2022. And if you think about this as well, we are a market for middle market and high net worth, like I was saying. But as our high net worth book continues to grow and be a bigger portion of our overall personal lines business, we're getting all kinds of diversification, positive effects from that. And one of those is in personal auto. When you have high net worth, it's driven by property and less so by auto. Middle market, more driven by auto and less in the property piece. So that mix is shifting as well. And I think you're seeing that in a favorable way in our overall results. We continue to get, we've had rate early into that book, that personal auto book for quite some time now, and that continues into 2024. And I don't see an end in sight of rate coming into that book either.
Mike Zaremski: That's helpful. Switching gears to workers' comp, we know, we can see that [indiscernible] underweight comp and probably for a couple of reasons, I don't think we have to elaborate on it, but the results are fairly tremendous. I don't know if you want to comment on what's going on there this quarter or this year-to-date, actually. I know the market is soft from a pricing perspective, but what would you be waiting for, maybe patiently, to say we want to maybe start leaning into workers' comp in a growth way?
Mike Sewell: Yes. Thanks, Mike. We have a strong appetite for workers' comp. 10 or 12 years ago, we really got serious about all levels of comp, claims, loss control, risk selection, especially pricing. We are looking to grow comp when we think that we can get the right rate on a risk-adjusted basis, and you're right. I thought that this deterioration in rate would show up more so in the results, quite frankly, several years ago, and it hasn't. But I think it's such a long tail line, and it historically has such volatility to it. We just think being prudent in our risk selection and our pricing there and not to chase that is a prudent thing to do for the long-term. And when we can write work comp at the right rate today on business that we like, we're writing it, and we're looking for it, and we're talking to our agents about it. It's just we just don't see the rate environment right now as attractive. Again, I understand it's performing well on a calendar year basis, but we just think over the long pull, being extra vigilant on workers' compensation is prudent.
Mike Zaremski: Got it. Sticking quickly on comp, one of your peers who also has a disproportionate amount of trade construction exposure in different regions, but you all have very strong practice there too, has said that they're seeing a bit of a change in comp frequency. I don't know if it's curious to throw it out there if you all are seeing any of that as well in your portfolio.
Steve Spray: No, Mike, I can't say that we've seen that. We've been pretty stable on that front.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. And I guess just lastly, you might have covered some of this, but on the overall commercial lines, marketplace competitiveness, I know pricing has been kind of flattish in a quarter or for a number of quarters now. Do you all sense that the marketplace is kind of stable at current rates, or do you sense that there's kind of a bit of an upwards trajectory to kind of the pricing environment, or downwards?
Steve Spray: Yes. No. Mike, as far as the rate environment, we've been stacking quarter-on-quarter-on-quarter of additional rate throughout every major line in commercial lines, except for workers' compensation. But I would say that the commercial market, and again, it all depends on size of the account. It depends on the state that you're in. But just generally speaking, I would characterize the commercial marketplace as responsible and orderly. There are moving parts. You see it in other carriers' reports. There's uncertainty out there. And I think that uncertainty has certainly promoted the continued rate that you're seeing across all lines in commercial lines. And I don't see a softening market in commercial lines. You'll hear little pockets of different things, different lines of business, maybe a different class here and there. But just generally speaking, all lines, all classes, countrywide, I think from Cincinnati's perspective, it's orderly and rational.
Operator: The next question comes from Grace Carter from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Grace Carter: Looking at the commercial auto line for the past few quarters in a row, there's been a favorable year-over-year change in the underlying loss ratio as well as modest reserve releases. I was just wondering where you all think that line stands since it's been such a difficult line for the industry over the past several years, and if you feel like the worst of the challenges are in the past now. And just trying to consider any sort of maybe differences in experience in the primary auto liability versus maybe what you've seen in the umbrella lines. Thank you.
Steve Spray: Thank you, Grace, and good morning. Yes, commercial auto is, we feel, again, feel really good about where we are there. You look back into 2016 and 2017, and we were having some real challenges in commercial auto. It's kind of the same story I was talking about with umbrella earlier. We recognized it, our actuaries acted upon it quickly, and we reacted very quickly. Personally, I think maybe a little ahead of the market on commercial auto. We got it in a good spot, but then we hit the pandemic, and inflation did what it did. And so we had to get some more rate in that book to keep up with inflation. But that commercial auto book was in good shape, quite frankly, from the actions we took in 2016 and 2017. And I think it also -- to really answer your question too, kind of peel that back, is if you look at the mix that we write at Cincinnati, one of the analysts just a minute ago mentioned, there's a construction book. We've got a manufacturing, retail, wholesale. We're not big into trucking or transportation risks. I think you see a lot more volatility there. We've just managed that book, I think, really well and feel really good about where we are with it today. So I think it's risk selection. I think it's just the makeup of our book. We're a package writer. We don't write motor auto. We don't write trucking or transportation. And I think that's what you're seeing.
Grace Carter: Thank you. And, in the 10-Q, I think the walk year-over-year for the E&S underlying loss ratio mentioned a decrease in the contribution from IBNR and an increase in the case incurred. I think that that's a bit different than what we've seen in the other segments. Could you go over maybe what's going on there and why it would look different than the other segments? Thank you.
Steve Spray: Grace, I'm sorry. You were coming in and out there. I apologize. Could you restate that?
Grace Carter: Yes, sure. In the 10-Q, when it talks about the walk and the underlying loss ratio in E&S, year-over-year it mentions a decrease in IBNR and increase in case incurred. I think that that was different than what it mentioned for the other segments. Could you just go over kind of the elements as to why that looks different relative to the other segments? Thank you.
Steve Spray: I think, Grace, what I think, if I'm answering you correctly here, is we're looking at all the data. We're looking at paid. We're looking at case. We're looking at things that are happening inside the book for management views of the actuaries. And there's going to be noise quarter-to-quarter. I think looking at it over a longer period, 12 months or maybe even a little longer, will probably be more obstructive. And I hope I answered that for you.
Operator: The next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: I'm going to apologize for being an analyst also, but by that I mean just like an overexposure to publicly traded companies. Can you update us on how the non-public regionals that you compete with are responding to elevated social inflation and elevated property losses and what opportunity that implies for growth?
Steve Spray: Yes. Thanks, Meyer. I would say from my perspective, I just don't, and this might sound kind of crazy, I just don't pay a lot of attention to what others are doing around us. I'm more focused on what we're doing risk-by-risk, town-by-town, agent-by-agent, and how we compete. And sometimes we run into situations where we lose this account, or we write this account. So I think it would be too broad to generalize. I would say to you this, on personal lines, we're seeing more tumultuous time from all those markets, particularly here in the Midwest. And we're seeing more and more opportunities in the middle market personal line space just on an exponential basis. Just the number of quotes and the opportunities that we're seeing is just up considerably and there's something to that. And I think a big piece of that is that we've got the balance sheet. Like I mentioned in my comments earlier, we're showing up to the agencies with 12.7 billion of GAAP equity looking to grow. Our doors are open. We're confident in the way we price that business. The terms and conditions that we're putting on homeowner business are as strong today as I've ever seen them in my career. And I think that they'll stay, particularly, wind and hail deductibles, roof schedules to combat the continued severe convective storms. And I think those things, along with re-insurance, are putting pressure on some of those markets that you mentioned and it's creating opportunity for Cincinnati.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Fantastic. That's very helpful. Related question. How do we think about the opportunity to appoint agents eventually impacting the value that agents see in the brand? Is there a point where that becomes diluted?
Steve Spray: Thank you. I would say no. I would say the key and the key message that I'm sending and that we're executing on, and we're doing an excellent job of this, is with Cincinnati, it's more about the quality of the agent and the professionalism of the local agent that we're doing business with than it is about the numbers. Now, we want to do business with as few agents as possible, but as many as necessary. We've got roughly 2,100 agency relationships across the country. By any measure, that is extremely exclusive as far as distribution goes. I'm not saying this is a goal at all, but if we doubled our distribution on a relative basis, we would still have an exclusive contract compared to any of our peers that I can see in the industry. And again, I'm not saying we're doubling our agency plan, but I am telling you that we have plenty of opportunity to continue to appoint professional agents across the country, and you'll see us continue to do that. I can show you areas here in Ohio. If you looked at the number of agencies we have in the community, you would say it's diluted to franchise value. But in essence, it's not, and we're continuing to grow with those agencies. Agencies run in different circles. Policyholders, when we show up, our local field rep just creates excitement. When there's an ease of doing business, there's a value to our contract. And yes, so we will not dilute franchise value by the number of agencies we appoint. We would dilute it as if we started working with agencies that don't meet our, I'd say, professional standards.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Charles Lederer, excuse me, the follow-up from Charles Lederer from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Charles Lederer: I was just going to ask on the Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global commentary. I think you mentioned more competitiveness in Cincinnati Global. I'm just wondering what you're referencing, and I guess if you could give some color on the growth in Cincinnati Re and I guess how that book has maybe changed this year versus last year.
Steve Spray: Yes, Charlie, Steve Spray again. Every line of business in CGU is growing except for direct in fact, or what many would refer to as shared lay. And I think you're hearing that out in the marketplace as well, is there's just more capital that's come into that large property space, and it's putting pressure on CGU. They're remaining, they're executing on the same underwriting and pricing discipline that we are here at Cincinnati Insurance. And they're just noticing the difficulty in finding the opportunities to grow that direct in fact business. But every other line of business through the first six months of the year in CGU is up. Now, Cincinnati Re, we think we're in an enviable position there as well in that it's an allocated capital model. We did not set up a separate company. They do not have their own balance sheet. They're writing on Cincinnati Insurance paper. What we ask of Cincinnati Re is just to try to peg the capital that's needed for each risk that they write, and then that they get a hurdle rate on that that is an attractive return on a risk-adjusted basis for us, or they do not have to deploy the capital. There is no pressure in Cincinnati Re to grow. But they are growing, I think nicely, and we're looking at that more with a long hold, they'll be more opportunistic in that arena and say maybe we can so much in Cincinnati Insurance. And you look at the combined ratio there. It's been spectacular. They're profitable inception to date since we spun up. Cincinnati Re, they've changed their mix a bit over time, particularly in property cap, property retro. So they're able to react pretty quickly on these things. And, I think our runway for growth with Cincinnati Re is very solid too.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Steve Spray for any closing remarks.
Steve Spray: Thank you, Jason. Thank you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with all of you again on the third quarter call.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and Welcome to the Cincinnati Financial First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note, today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. Please go ahead.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello, this is Dennis McDaniel at Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the Quarterly Results link in the Navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you'll first hear from Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Johnston; and then from Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including President Steve Spray; Chief Investment Officer, Steve Soloria; and Cincinnati Insurance's Chief Claims Officer, Marc Schambow; and Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance, Theresa Hoffer. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. Now, I'll turn-over the call to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our results. In short, we are off to a great start. Our first-quarter results reflect the success of our initiatives to continue balancing the profit and growth of our insurance operations coupled with strong investment income. Net income of $755 million for the first quarter of 2024 included recognition of $484 million on an after-tax basis were the increase in fair value of equity securities still held, representing about three quarters of the increase in net income. Strong operating results generated the rest of the increase. Non-GAAP operating income of $272 million for the first quarter nearly doubled last year's $141 million, including a decrease in catastrophe losses of $93 million on an after-tax basis. The 93.6% first quarter 2024 property casualty combined ratio was 7.1 points better than the first quarter of last year, including a decrease of 6.9 points for catastrophe losses. While our combined ratio for accident year 2024 before catastrophe losses was a percentage point higher than accident year 2023 at three months, if we exclude Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global, the ratio improved by 1 point. Accident year 2024 also improved on a case incurred basis. However, we increased incurred but not reported or IBNR reserves as we continue to recognize uncertainty regarding ultimate losses and remain prudent in our reserve estimates until longer-term loss cost trends become more clear. We are also pleased with other measures indicating good momentum in our operating performance. Another quarter of pricing segmentation by risk plus average price increases helped to improve our underwriting profitability, combining with careful risk selection and other efforts to address elevated inflation effects on incurred losses. Agencies representing Cincinnati Insurance, supported by our experienced and professional associates produced another quarter of profitable business for us. Our underwriters continue to emphasize retaining profitable accounts and managing ones that we determine have inadequate pricing based on our risk selection and pricing expertise. Estimated average renewal price increases for the first quarter continued at a healthy pace with commercial lines near the low-end of the high single-digit percentage range, excess and surplus lines in the high single-digit range. Personal auto in the low double-digit range and homeowner in the high single-digit range. Our consolidated property casualty net written premiums grew 11% for the quarter with what we believe was a nice mix of new business and renewals. I'll briefly review operating performance by insurance segment, highlighting premium growth and improved profitability compared to a year-ago. Commercial lines grew net written premiums 7% in the first quarter with a 96.5% combined ratio that improved by 3.9 percentage points, including 4.2 points from lower catastrophe losses. Personal lines grew net written premiums 33%, including growth in middle-market accounts in addition to private client business for our agency's high-net worth clients. Its combined ratio was a very profitable 93.9%, 18.6 percentage points better than last year, including 15.9 points from lower catastrophe losses. Excess and surplus lines also produced a profitable combined ratio of 91.9%, rising 2 percentage points from the first quarter a year-ago, along with net written premium growth of 7%. Both Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global continue to produce significant underwriting profit, reflecting our efforts to diversify risk and further improve income stability. Cincinnati Re's combined ratio for the first quarter of 2024 was an excellent 78.6%. That includes IBNR that we routinely carry for expected losses from reinsurance treaties. We believe our potential exposure for losses from the Baltimore bridge collapse is immaterial. Cincinnati Re's net written premiums decreased by 12% overall, driven by a shifting casualty portfolio mix in response to changing market conditions. Property and specialty premiums increased due to attractive opportunities in pricing. Cincinnati Global's combined ratio was also excellent at 69.8%, they again reported strong growth with net written premiums up 28%. Our life insurance subsidiary continued its strong performance, including first quarter 2024 net income of $19 million and operating income growth of 17%. Term life insurance earned premiums grew 2%. I'll conclude with our primary measure of long-term financial performance to value-creation ratio. Our first quarter 2024 DCR was a strong 5.9%. Net income before investment gains or losses for the quarter contributed 2.3%, higher overall valuation of our investment portfolio and other items contributed 3.6%. Next, Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, will add comments to highlight other parts of our financial performance.
Mike Sewell: Thank you, Steve, and thanks for all of you for joining us today. Investment income growth continued at a strong pace, up 17% for the first quarter 2024 compared with the first quarter of 2023. Dividend income was up 9% for the quarter despite net equity security sales for the first three months of 2024 that totaled $40 million. Bond interest income grew 21% for the first quarter of this year. We continue to add more fixed maturity securities to our investment portfolio with net purchases totaling $374 million for the first three months of the year. The first quarter pre-tax average yield of 4.65% for the fixed maturity portfolio was up 40 basis points compared with last year. The average pre-tax yield for the total of purchased taxable and tax-exempt bonds during the first quarter of 2024 was 5.79%. Valuation changes in aggregate for the first quarter 2024 were favorable for our equity portfolio and unfavorable for our bond portfolio. Before tax effects, the net gain was $602 million for the equity portfolio, partially offset by a net loss of $65 million for the bond portfolio. At the end of the quarter, total investment portfolio net appreciated value was approximately $6.6 billion. The equity portfolio was in a net gain position of $7.2 billion, while the fixed maturity portfolio was in a net loss position of $625 million. Cash flow continued to benefit investment income in addition to higher bond yields. Cash flow from operating activities for the first three months of 2024 was $353 million, up 41% from a year ago. Our expense management objectives include an appropriate balance between controlling expenses and making strategic investments in our business. The first quarter 2024 property casualty underwriting expense ratio was 0.7 percentage points higher than last year, primarily related to higher levels of profit-sharing commissions for agencies. Regarding loss reserves, our approach remains consistent and aims for net amounts in the upper half of the actuarily estimated range of net loss and loss expense reserves. As we do each quarter, we consider new information such as paid losses and case reserves. Then we updated estimated ultimate losses and loss expenses by accident year and line of business. For the first three months of 2024, our net addition to property casualty loss expense reserves was $233 million, including $272 million for the IBNR portion. During the first quarter, we experienced $100 million of property casualty net favorable reserve development on prior accident years that benefited the combined ratio by 5.0 percentage points. Almost every line of business had favorable development except for commercial casualty, which was unfavorable by just $254,000. We added reserves to several older prior accident years and reduced reserves for the three most recent accident years. On an all lines basis by accident year, net reserve development for the first three months of 2024 included favorable $184 million for 2023, favorable $24 million for 2022 and an unfavorable $108 million in aggregate for accident years prior to 2022. The unfavorable amount reflects our slowing the release of IBNR reserves for those older accident years. I'll conclude my comments with capital management highlights, another area where we have a consistent long-term approach. We paid $116 million in dividends to shareholders during the first quarter of 2024. We also repurchased 680,000 shares at an average price per share of $109.89. We think our financial flexibility and our financial strength are both in excellent shape. Parent company cash and marketable securities at quarter-end was nearly $5 billion. Debt-to-total capital continued to be under 10% and our quarter-end book value was a record high, $80.83 per share with $12.7 billion of GAAP consolidated shareholders' equity providing plenty of capacity for profitable growth of our insurance operations. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Mike. As we previously announced, this is my last conference call as CEO. Effective at our Annual Meeting of Shareholders next Saturday, President, Steve Spray will add the role of Chief Executive Officer. As I've mentioned before, Steve is the right person to build on our decade of profitable growth. He understands the importance of our agency-centered strategy and the unique advantages it brings. I'm confident in his abilities to bring innovative ideas together with the hallmarks of Cincinnati Insurance to create opportunities for shareholders, agents and associates. I look forward to continuing to work with him as Chairman of the Board. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Steve Soloria, Marc Schambow, and Theresa Hoffer. Raghav, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Charlie Lederer with Citi. Please go ahead.
Charlie Lederer: Hi, thanks. Good morning. You gave some helpful color on your loss picks, but I'm curious, how should we think about your loss picks in commercial casualty? Have you made any changes to your view of loss trend just given the trajectory of the current accident year loss ratio and are you baking in additional caution? Should we expect you to hold a bit more of a buffer near-term given uncertainty?
Steve Johnston: Yes. We feel confident, Charlie, with the loss pick that we had, we are reflecting uncertainty. There's a lot of good going on in the commercial casualty with rates we feel exceeding our loss cost trends. However, for first quarter where there's additional uncertainty, we are recognizing that in our loss ticket.
Charlie Lederer: Got it. Thank you. Maybe in workers' comp, it looks like pricing took an incremental step down in your initial loss ticket higher too. Is there anything in that pick, I guess, beyond pricing being down more or I guess, are you seeing anything there?
Mike Sewell: So, we're just continuing to see the same trends that we have been seeing with rates under pressure there, but also strong performance historically from the line. We are though recognizing the uncertainty that it comes with the rate decreases with a little bit higher loss pick for the current year.
Charlie Lederer: Okay. Thank you.
Steve Johnston: Thank you.
Mike Sewell: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mike Zaremski with BMO. Please go ahead.
Mike Zaremski: Hi, thanks. In the earnings release, you talked about the underlying loss ratio for commercial improving 1 point, but you said excluding Cincinnati Re and Global. But was there a reason you pointed that out is what -- why did -- I'm not sure I may have missed it, why did the Cincinnati Re, Global underlying loss ratio increase so much?
Steve Johnston: Yes I think the point of pointing is out is we have the three segments commercialized, personalized, in excess of surplus lines. To get to the consolidated, you also have to add the other portion, which includes Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global. So, since the first three segments I mentioned had improvements, we pointed out those in the other segment. I will emphasize that things are going great for both Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global. I think one of the things that -- as we mentioned, we don't think we have material exposure to the bridge collapse in Baltimore. We have been shaping the Cincinnati Re book in a very positive manner in terms of derisking. And so I think one of the things that caused the attritional to go up if we compare it to the same quarter a year ago is that the mix has shifted to a little bit more of a pro rata or proportional reinsurance, which would have less risk margin in it. It would have a higher attritional pick, but there would be less volatility there. And so I think that would be driving what we're seeing there in Cincinnati Re, a very strong zero CATs for the quarter, 10.4 points of favorable development versus 7.7 of adverse a year ago. I think the $14 million in favorable development that we show, about $13 million of it came from 2023. With the full year combined ratio of 2023 at 77.7% in this first quarter at a strong 78.6%, this hard work in reshaping the book has really paid off. The inception-to-date combined ratio at the end of the year 2022 was 101.2 and with those two strong marks in the full year of 2023 and the first quarter here and now in just over a year, our inception-to-date is at 94.5. So I think the action is paying off and it does show a higher pick in the current action year, but I think it's a less risky portfolio at this point. I think the same thing for Cincinnati Global, but I don't know if you want to talk a little bit more about Cincinnati Global?
Mike Sewell: For Cincinnati Global, same thing, strong 69.8%. They have had three consecutive years now as a top quartile Lloyd's underwriter and while they've done that, they've been diversifying in terms of their footprint by product line, by geography, and they're also providing an additional avenue for access to Lloyd's for the agents that are appointed by CIC. So a lot of positive at CGU reflected with strong results. And again, it's pretty tough at Lloyd's to be top quartile three years in a row the way they've done. Also this quarter, zero CATs versus 11.1 a year ago. And then the reserve development is favorable by 25.6 points this year versus adverse by 3.2 a year ago. So I think in both of those businesses, there's a ton of positive going on. And we've only pointed it out so that the math would be easier as you saw the consolidated CLD, the commercialized department, the personal lines and the excess and surplus and then to add the other portion to get to the consolidated.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. That's helpful color. And I guess would you say then because of some of the business mix-shift and since they read and we should be thinking about the underlying loss ratio structurally being maybe a little bit higher, but then -- but less potential volatility around the overall combined ratio at? Did I interject, did you guys want to say something else or I'll move on to my follow-up?
Steve Johnston: No, please move on to the follow-up.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Thanks. So just thinking about going commercial lines ex Reinsurance and Global. You've been on along this path of taking action to add, I guess, some reserves or just conservatism into your picks given the inflationary environment which you're -- clearly is persisting a bit. If I look at like overall top line growth and maybe I'll -- you can talk about the whole segment, but I'll just focus on commercial casualty because that's been one of the areas where inflation has been higher than expected. If I look at just overall top line growth, net premium written growth, now it's still not at I think your historical levels relative to the industry, but it has been ticking up a bit. And are you -- so given you're still in an environment where you seem to be kind of adding more IBNR, are you getting to a point, is pricing at a level or is the environment there where you want to start playing more offense? Or are we still kind of in the -- it's best to be cautious in terms of your top line growth.
Mike Sewell: So yes, I think that we can balance the two. I think we feel good about our growth, double digit overall at 11%, really strong growth in Personal lines. And with each of our lines, we write it on a package basis for Commercial lines, and so there's going to be a little bit of variance between the different lines. But we think we are in a good place with our pricing, but we realize that you need to stick to adequate pricing. And you can't fall into a trap where if others are underpricing business that you follow that path. So we're going to maintain the discipline, charge the adequate rate on a on a risk by risk basis and we think that offers us plenty of opportunity to grow the company.
Mike Zaremski: And one quick follow-up, and I might have asked this in the past, but within your commercial casualty, the US non-global and reinsurance portfolio, I believe you might think about things between small -- very small commercial versus mid versus large or maybe I'm incorrect, but just curious if you're -- now that you've had more time to reflect on results, it is -- doesn't the inflationary issues you have brought up, have they been emanating from any certain parts of the business mix other than just…
Steve Johnston: Yes, I think we're doing a good job of pricing adequately in all those areas. I do think and I pointed out on the calls before, you really do have to pay a close attention to the higher levels because there's a leveraged effect of inflation with every layer that you go up for a constant ground-up inflation rate, there'll be more or higher inflation with each layer as you go up because of the layer below inflating into the higher layer. But we've been on this for some time. We've got some really talented actuaries that are working with our larger risks and we feel we were addressing it early-on from the beginning and that we're in a good position across the board.
Mike Zaremski: Thanks for the color.
Steve Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks very much. And our next question comes from Michael Phillips with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Michael Phillips: Thanks, good morning. In terms of personal auto, your comments, Steve, in the beginning, were pretty similar in terms of pricing from last quarter. You had a bit of an uptick back in the loss ratio there. I guess, can you remind us where you expect this year to kind of pan out in terms of just the profitability of personal auto and when you think your pricing will maybe peak and start to come back down? It looks like -- and you don't give it, but you're probably still above 100% combined ratio there. So when do you expect kind of profitability in personal auto?
Steve Johnston: I think we're in a good position. Personal lines across the board, it is sold a lot on a package -- in a package position. The first quarter was -- for current accident year was actually down a little bit from first quarter a year ago and pretty flat with the full year. So we feel we feel good about the pricing that we've been able to get-in auto, home and in the other lines. And we think it will reap benefits. And I think Steve's got a little to add-on.
Steve Spray: Yes, thanks for the question, Mike. I think one of the strengths that we have going and it's been a plan we've been executing on, continue to work on for the last several years. So it's nothing new. But I think it's adding value to the company and to our agents is that we've become a premium or premier writer for our agents both in the middle-market space and in the high-net worth. And that gives us both product diversification as well as geographic diversification. High-net worth, while we write it everywhere, tends to be maybe a little more focused in certain geographies. High-net worth or private client is heavier on the property side. And then on the middle-market, we give geographic diversification as that book is primarily, I'll call it, a Midwestern, Southeastern part of the US book of business and it's heavier in auto. So we're getting one, being that much more important to each of our agents, being able to attract more of their business, but at the same time, get the diversification both geographically and by line of business.
Steve Johnston: Yes, I think too, just the history of personal lines in general with the $795 million combined this year. Last year, we were over just a touch over $100 million and then it was what, the four prior years to 2023, we were under $100 million. So we've really -- I think we've demonstrated a history of being able to price personal lines pretty darn well across the spectrum as Steve mentions.
Steve Spray: And then now I might add, we've got our -- we've got the E&S capability that we can provide solutions for our agents and their clients. And that's now active in nine states. So we just feel really good about all personal lines, the growth there, the momentum that we have. So, feel very bullish on personal lines.
Michael Phillips: Okay, thank you. Next one is just back on the commercial lines and this is kind of a number-specific question. So, if it requires a follow-up, I'm happy to do so. But if I look at your claim -- reported claim counts that you give in your statutory data, for other liability, it's down significantly for 2023 accident year. I mean more so than the 2020 accident year COVID-related. So I don't know if there's a data thing there or not, but reported claim counts at 12 months or 15% down in other liability. I don't know if that's something that you've seen or expect or can you comment on that? Again, paid losses aren't, but the reported claim counts for GL, i.e., the liability are down significantly at age 12.
Steve Johnston: Yes, they are. And I think that's very helpful in terms of the way we're underwriting the book. It is a severity issue that we're seeing there.
Michael Phillips: So you recognize the frequency is down significantly then for other liabilities, Steve?
Steve Johnston: Yes, we do.
Michael Phillips: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Greg Peters at Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Greg Peters: Good morning, everyone. So the first question I'll focus on is just growth in the commercial lines business because it seems like you're -- when you look at the stats from a new business production, you're having a lot of success there. And I was wondering if you could give us some sense on how your quote to bind ratio is working or give us some parameters to think about it because I guess given the results, we'd expect some increased competition at some point that doesn't seem to necessarily be reflecting in your numbers.
Steve Spray: Thanks for the question, Greg. Steve Spray. If you recall last year throughout 2023, especially starting the year, our new commercial lines business was under pressure really for that first six months and we were down quite a bit on the same over 2022. We were really executing on underwriting term condition, pricing discipline through that first six months. We stuck to our guns. I think some others maybe just had a little different view of the risk and our new business was under pressure. On the back half of 2023, we continue to see our new business improve. We stuck to our guns as well. We stayed disciplined in the pricing, the underwriting terms and conditions. Back half of 2023, new business really picked up. That is obviously -- that trend has obviously continued into 2024. The beauty of it is that like Steve said, we're a package underwriter, we look at every single risk on its own merits and we have the tools to price the business with predictive analytics for each major line of business, look at it by line of business and then for the total account. So I see runway still for new business and commercial lines in 2024, but like Steve said, the key is that we stay disciplined with our underwriting and our pricing and earn the business, not buy it.
Greg Peters: Yes, that makes sense. So another topic that's come up that you guys have talked about is the concept of a multi-year policy that I know you guys use in certain lines of business. Can you give us an update on where you are with the three-year policies, which lines of business and has it increased as a percentage of your total book, et cetera?
Steve Spray: I mean, you may have to follow-up on that, which percentage has increased, Greg. But yes, this is the three-year policy in general, it's a differentiator for us. It's something that we have been very committed to for many years and remain committed today. I think it's even better that we write three-year policies today because we have the sophisticated segment and pricing that we do. So our underwriters, when they quote a three-year, whether it be new or renewal, just as a reminder, even though we have a three-year package policy, about 75% of the premium that we have in commercial lines is adjusted on an annual basis. So it'd be those accounts that are coming off of a three-year are actually renewing, our commercial auto, our commercial umbrella and then workers' compensation are all adjusted annually. It's really just the property, the general liability, crime, and the marine where that rate is guaranteed. Now, I will tell you this too. Our three-year policy on a loss ratio standpoint outperforms our one-year policy. So our underwriters are executing with our agents on the -- not only the science of underwriting, but the art and intuitively, they are picking our best business, our best price business to put on a three-year package and the results show that. So we're committed to it. Our retentions are much better on a three-year policy in the middle of that three-year policy. So I think that helps agents' retentions, it helps ours. It's an expense. It certainly helps on the expense side. And then I think most importantly, it shows our agents and it shows our policyholders that we're a company that is looking for long-term relationships. And we're committed to the three-year and we think it gives us an advantage in the marketplace.
Greg Peters: Yes, the percentage question, just I feel like this would be the time to be using more of that in this market considering the market conditions. And so I was just curious if it's, from a commercial standpoint, we can take it offline, but that's where I was thinking -- what I was thinking about when I was asking for percentages.
Steve Spray: Yes. Okay. No, I got it. That makes total sense. Greg. Yes, wherever we feel like we can get the adequate price on account, we are wanting to use our three-year package policy.
Greg Peters: Got it. Thanks for the answers.
Steve Spray: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Grace Carter at Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Grace Carter: Hi, everyone. Looking at the commercial casualty core loss ratio, just given that it's a bit higher than it ran in the latter part of last year as well as the commentary on increased IBNR, I was just curious if that's primarily driven by GL or excess casualty or if it's a mix of both this quarter. And I was just curious if there is -- if you all could comment on how you're thinking about rate adequacy across both of those pieces of the book.
Steve Johnston: I think it's kind of across the board, Grace. I do think that higher pick is something that we would do in the first quarter. Typically, we have run the first quarter a little bit higher than the full year prior just due to the newness of the accident year, but we feel very good. We feel very good about the way that we are our pricing the GL and really across the spectrum there, including the umbrella.
Grace Carter: Thank you. And I guess on the commercial auto side, it looks like growth picked up a little bit this quarter. I was just wondering if that indicates that maybe you all are starting to add some additional units rather than just top line growth being primarily driven by rate. And just kind of curious on how you all are thinking about potential growth in that environment, just given that it has been such a challenging line for the industry for so long?
Steve Spray: Yes. Thanks for the question, Grace. Again, Steve Spray. It's a little bit of both. Candidly, it's -- we're still getting ranked through that commercial book and we are growing the new business. Again, we're a package writer. So we don't write monoline auto. That auto would come along with the rest of the package. And again, feel really good about the pricing that we have in commercial auto and our direction there. If you recall back, I think it was back to 2016, 2017 when we really undertook some real tough action on our commercial auto book, both in risk selection and then primarily in pricing, and really had commercial auto in a good place. Inflation came along and we had to -- we obviously had to work with that, but feel really good about where that commercial auto book is, both from a pricing risk selection and looking to grow that book as well along with our package business, again, risk-by-risk and adequate pricing.
Grace Carter: Thank you.
Steve Spray: Thank you, Grace.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Grace.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Great. Thanks so much. To go back to the Cincinnati Global and Reinsurance side of things, just I'm not sure I understand, when you talk about lower volatility, is that a function of less seasonality or less catastrophic exposure?
Steve Johnston: It would be less catastrophic exposure.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. The second question sort of related. Can you talk about what you're seeing in terms of the year-over-year, I guess, trend or the observed claim inflation rate for commercial property, is that decelerating at all compared to last year?
Steve Johnston: I think we still see inflation. We look at so much on a risk by risk basis that I don't know that I have a good number for you across the board on what we're seeing with inflation. And it's been a sticky thing in the inflation rates on insurance related items, building materials and wages and so forth have been higher than the general CPI. So we take a cautious view, but certainly the rate of the increase in the second derivatives has been slowing down.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. That's very helpful. And Steve, congratulations and thanks for everything.
Steve Johnston: Well, thank you Meyer. it's been great.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Management for any closing remarks.
Steve Johnston: Thank you to everyone for their excellent questions and thank you for joining us today. We hope to see some of you at our shareholder meeting next Saturday, May 4 at the Cincinnati Financial Headquarters Office here. You're welcome to listen to our webcast of the meeting also available at cinfin.com/investors. Steve and Mike, look forward to speaking with you again on our second quarter call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-07 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Cincinnati Financial Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note today’s event is being recorded. I’d now like to turn the conference over to Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel at Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our Fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our year end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you’ll first hear from Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Johnston; and then from Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses maybe made by others in the room with us, including President, Steve Spray; Chief Investment Officer, Steve Soloria; and Cincinnati Insurance’s Chief Claims Officer, Marc Schambow; and Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance, Theresa Hoffer. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore, is not reconciled to GAAP. Now, I will turn over the call to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Dennis and good morning. Thank you for joining us today to hear more about our results. We had strong operating performance in the fourth quarter, and I am happy to see that our hard work is reflected in the progress we are making. Net income rose $170 million to nearly $1.2 billion for the fourth quarter compared with the fourth quarter of last year, including $18 million more benefit on an after-tax basis in the fair value of securities still held in our equity portfolio. Non-GAAP operating income for the fourth quarter of 2023 was up 78% or $157 million versus a year ago. And on a full year basis, it was 42% higher than 2022. Our 87.5%, fourth quarter property casualty combined ratio was 7.4 percentage points better than in 2022, with the catastrophe loss ratio representing 6.5 points of the improvement. That strong underwriting performance followed our recent pattern of improvement, resulting in a 94.9% full year 2023 combined ratio. That was 3.2 percentage points better than last year, including a decrease of 0.5 points in the catastrophe loss ratio. Our 2023 ex-cat accident year combined ratios were also favorable compared with 2022, improving 2.1 percentage points to 85.7% for the fourth quarter and 1.8 points to 88.4% for the year. We saw positive momentum in many areas of operating performance. Growth for consolidated property casualty net written premiums accelerated, reaching 13% for the fourth quarter, including 10% for renewal premiums and 30% for new business premiums. As part of our ongoing efforts to improve performance and to counter the continuing effects and inflation on insured losses, we combine pricing segmentation by risk with average price increases and careful risk selection. Estimated average renewal price increases for the fourth quarter continued at a healthy pace. Our Commercial Lines Insurance segment, again, averaged near the low end of the high single-digit percentage range, while our Excess and Surplus Lines Insurance segment continued in the high single-digit range. Personal Lines for the fourth quarter included auto, continuing in the low double-digit range and homeowner continuing near the low end of the high single-digit range. Policy retention rates in 2023 were similar to 2022, with our Commercial Lines segment down slightly, but still in the upper 80% range and our Personal Lines segment, up slightly but still in the low to mid-90% range. Briefly reviewing operating performance by Insurance segment, I’ll focus on the full year results. Although I will note that each segment improved their combined ratios in the fourth quarter compared to last year as they continue to grow profitably. Our Commercial segment improved its full year 2023 combined ratio by 3.0 percentage points compared with 2022 and grew net written premiums by 4%. Our Personal Lines segment grew net written premiums by 26%, with growth for middle-market business in addition to Cincinnati Private Client business, its combined ratio was 1.2 percentage points higher than last year due to the catastrophe loss ratio rising 3.7 points. Our Excess and Surplus Lines segment was very profitable, producing a 2023 combined ratio of 90.6% with net written premium growth of 14%. Both Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global were also very profitable. Cincinnati Re’s full year combined ratio was an excellent 77.7%. Its net written premiums were 5% lower than in 2022, reflecting our opportunistic positioning of the portfolio through evolving market conditions. Cincinnati Global’s combined ratio was also excellent at 75.5%, with 22% growth in net written premiums. Our Life Insurance subsidiary grew profit and premiums too as full year 2023 net income rose 15% and earned premiums grew 4%. On January 1 of this year, we again renewed each of our primary property casualty treaties that transfer part of our risk to reinsurers. For our per risk treaties, terms and conditions for 2024 are fairly similar to 2023, other than an average premium rate increase of approximately 12%. The primary objective of our Property Catastrophe Treaty is to protect our balance sheet. The treaty’s main change this year is adding another $100 million of coverage, increasing the top of the program from $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion. Should we experience a 2024 catastrophe event totaling $1.2 billion in losses, we will retain $423 million compared with $617 million in 2023 for an event of that magnitude. We expect 2024 ceded premiums for these treaties in total to be approximately $180 million, more than the actual $136 million of ceded premiums for these treaties in 2023 due to additional coverage, rate increase and subject premium growth. Folks who follow our company know we prefer to track our success over a long time horizon. Consistent with that approach, we set a target for the value creation ratio, our primary performance measure, at an annual average of 10% to 13% over the next 5 years. We believe the VCR is an appropriate measure since it’s driven by strong combined ratio results, premium growth that exceeds the industry average and contributions from our investment portfolio. Since 2016, our combined ratio of 5-year average has ranged from 94.3% to 96.1%, near the low end of the longer term target of 95% to 100% we have disclosed for many years. And for more than a decade, we have recorded results ahead of the industry for premium growth on a 5-year compound annual growth rate basis. Because we believe we can continue to perform at a high level we are setting our sights on a longer term combined ratio better than the past target, now targeting a 5-year average of 92% to 98%. While we will no longer publicly disclose annual targets for combined ratio and premium growth, we expect to continue our robust disclosure detail to help investors model and form their own expectations of future results. This doesn’t mean that we’ll ignore the shorter term results. We recognize that it also means that to achieve our revised long-term target range, some years we need to reach combined ratios towards the lower end, knowing there could be some years like 2022 that come in near the higher end. I’ll conclude my prepared remarks as usual with the value creation ratio. Our 15.2%, 5-year annual average VCR as of year end 2023 exceeded our target range of 10% to 13%. VCR of 19.5% for full year 2023 included a contribution of 9.1% from net income before investment gains or losses while higher valuation of our investment portfolio and other items contributed 10.4%. Now Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, will highlight investment results and other important aspects of our financial performance.
Mike Sewell: Thank you, Steve and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Investment income was a significant part of higher net income and improved operating results, up 15% for the fourth quarter and 14% for full year 2023 compared with the same periods of last year. Dividend income was up 7% for the quarter largely due to a special dividend from one of our stock holdings. On a full year 2023 basis, we added to the equity portfolio with net purchases totaling $14 million. Bond interest income, again, grew at a good pace, up 19% for the fourth quarter of the year. We continue to add fixed maturity securities to our investment portfolio with net purchases totaling $1.4 billion for full year 2023. The fourth quarter pre-tax average yield of 4.48% and for the fixed maturity portfolio rose 32 basis points compared with last year. The average pre-tax yield for the total of purchased taxable and tax-exempt bonds during 2023 was 6.13%. Valuation changes for our investment portfolio during the fourth quarter of 2023 were favorable in aggregate for both our stock and bond holdings. Before tax effects, the net gain was $1.50 billion for the equity portfolio and $621 million for the bond portfolio. At the end of 2023, total investment portfolio net appreciated value was approximately $6.1 billion. The equity portfolio was in a net gain position of $6.7 billion, while the fixed maturity portfolio was in a net loss position of $570 million. Cash flow continued to benefit investment income as did rising bond yields. Cash flow from operating activities for full year 2023 was just over $2 billion matching last year. Regarding expense management, we always intend to strive to an appropriate balance between controlling expenses and making strategic investments in our business. Our full year 2023 property casualty underwriting expense ratio at 30.0% was in line with 2022. While the fourth quarter ratio was 1.3 percentage points higher than last year, primarily due to higher profit sharing commissions for agencies and associate related expenses. Next, I will summarize loss reserve activity. Our approach remains consistent and aim for net amounts in the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of net loss and loss expense reserves. As we do each quarter, we consider new information such as paid losses and case reserves and then updated estimate ultimate losses and loss expenses by accident year and line of business. Our quarterly study of updated paid and case reserve loss and loss expense data for our commercial casualty line of business considered how fourth quarter incurred amounts were higher than we expected, especially for the general liability coverages for older accident years. To reflect the continued uncertainty of ultimate losses and loss expenses, we increased our estimates for several prior accident years to levels more likely to be adequate. The net amount of the fourth quarter increase was $51 million, including $29 million for accident years prior to 2019. Commercial casualty unfavorable reserve development on a full year 2023 basis was fairly small at $15 million. Only 0.5% of the year-end 2022 reserve balance. Prior accident year reserve development for commercial umbrella during 2023 and was a favorable $6 million. During 2023, our net addition to total property casualty loss and loss expense reserves was $682 million, including $634 million for the IBNR portion. For full year 2023, we experienced $215 million of property casualty net favorable reserve development on prior accident years that benefited the combined ratio by 2.8 percentage points, marking 35 consecutive years of net favorable development on prior accident year loss and loss expense reserves. On an online basis by accident year, net reserve development for full year 2023 included a favorable $137 million for 2022, favorable $21 million for 2021, favorable $68 million for 2020 and an unfavorable $11 million in aggregate for accident years prior to 2020. I’ll conclude with a few capital management highlights. Another area where our approach includes careful consideration of the long-term. We paid $116 million in dividends to shareholders during the fourth quarter of 2023 and did not repurchase any shares. Our view of our financial flexibility and our financial strength is that both remain in excellent shape. Parent company cash and marketable securities at year-end was nearly $5 billion. Debt to total capital continue to be under 10%. And our year-end 2023 book value of $77.06 per share means the $12.1 billion of GAAP consolidated shareholders’ equity provides plenty of opportunity for profitable growth by supporting $8.1 billion of annual property casualty net written premiums. Now I’ll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thanks, Mike. Before we open the call for questions, I’d like to comment on our recent leadership and Board announcements. Effective at our annual shareholder meeting in May, President, Steve Spray, will add the role of Chief Executive Officer. Steve is the right person to build on our decade of profitable growth. He understands the importance of our agency-centered strategy and the unique advantages it brings. I’m confident in his ability to bring innovative ideas together with the hallmarks of Cincinnati Insurance to create opportunities for associates, agents and shareholders. I look forward to continuing to work with him as Chairman of the Board. We also announced the addition of Steve and Peter Wu as Cincinnati Financial Directors. Peter has exceptional experience in the world of predictive analytics, data modeling and artificial intelligence. I’m honored that he has agreed to join our Board. Finally, the Board set the stage for a 64th consecutive year of raising shareholder dividends by increasing the dividend 8% to $0.81 per share. From the Board to the leadership team, to associates at every level of our company, we have the perfect people in place to create a bright future for Cincinnati Financial. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Steve Soloria, Marc Schambow and Theresa Hoffer. Rocco, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Absolutely. [Operator Instructions] Today’s first question comes from Michael Phillips with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Michael Phillips: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. I guess, first off, congrats to Mr. Spray on your news and Steve Johnston, say it and so, but you’ll be missed, but look forward to hopefully hear more from you in the future. But congrats to all you guys on that.
Steve Johnston: Thanks, Michael.
Michael Phillips: I guess – you are welcome. My first question is on the PYD, I guess. It looks like some of the issues there might be on the umbrella maybe some large royalty you guys are great for giving disclosure on this stuff. But can you talk – some of the exhibits talked about the large loss activity and the claim count there certainly went up quite a bit in the quarter is just because the inflation impact of that and what’s happening there. But can you talk about any changes in maybe the mix of your limit profile from 2022 into 2023 and maybe some of that mix might be impacted? Are you writing more higher limits, I guess, is the punch line there? And then maybe talk about how I think there is a perception that your 3-year policy terms may give you some shield when rates get soft, and pricing gets soft, but maybe are you sort of hand-tied a little bit if there is more of an urgent need to re-rate on these higher limit policies? Thanks.
Steve Johnston: Hey, Mike. This is Steve Johnston. I’ll start off and turn it over to Steve Spray here. It’s just with the commercial casualty, it was not umbrella. We addressed that – we think really early a year ago, second quarter, I believe, and we’ve really – we think pain that, brought that under control, and we’re actually producing an underwriting profit now for our umbrella lines. So it’s the commercial casualty part other than umbrella. And when we get to this point, we’re looking at our year-end reserve analysis for all the lines of business, and it gives us the chance to put us in a position to look at the data for the full year. So our focus is on estimating the full year. And for the full year, for commercial casualty, including umbrella, all of that, and we’re showing just under $15 million or 1 loss ratio point in adverse development on the prior accident years, as Mike mentioned. Now to further put that in perspective, as Mike said, it’s $15 million is just 0.5% of the casualty reserves and 0.2% of the total reserves carried at December 31, 2022. So it’s really as we look at the full year, not a big number. In fact, also for the full year, our total property casualty accident year development was favorable, 2.8 loss ratio points. That’s an improvement from the 2.3 points of the prior year and also that 2.8 is very much in the range of where we’ve been for the last several years. And I always want to point out that makes now 35 years consecutively that we’ve had favorable development for Cincinnati Insurance and our reserves. There was quarterly volatility through the year. For example, we reported favorable development for prior accident years of $34 million or 9.2 loss ratio points for the second quarter for commercial casualty. As we looked at the fourth quarter, and as Mike mentioned, and you’re mentioning there was more larger losses. I wouldn’t consider it a trend, but there was more larger losses in the fourth quarter just as there were maybe a dearth of that in the second quarter. The advantage is we get to look at the full year here and do as we always do and try to be very prudent. We’re reading what’s going on with the industry. And we thought for the full year, it would not be prudent to release reserves or have favorable development on the prior years. So I know the fourth quarter, that 14 loss ratio points appears to be a big number, and it is a big number. But I think in context of looking at the full year and what you’ll see in the Schedule P, what you’ll see in the 10-K, I think when you combine it with the other lines where workers’ comp, we did the same type of a procedure, and we had 31-point loss ratio points of favorable development, also had favorable development for commercial auto and most of our lines, favorable development again for the 35th year. To keep a 35-year streak like that, you have to take action when you see it. We saw the larger losses in the fourth quarter. And I think to bring the year in where we thought it would be a prudent position not to release casualty reserves. We arrived at our best estimate in the number that we produced. My turn it over to Steve to talk a little bit about the other question that you had?
Steve Spray: Yes. Mike, like Steve said, we had – it was not umbrella. We did notice as you recall, back in 2022, some challenges with the umbrella line, we jumped on that, working with our agents and Commercial Lines underwriting. The limits profile there has always been the vast majority of those accounts, those umbrellas. It’s a low limit book profile – has probably become a little – even more low limit over the last 1.5 years as we took action, both pricing and capacity on specific segments, some specific classes of business and then some specific venues where we felt that the environment was just a little more difficult. Steve also mentioned that umbrella line was modestly profitable in 2023. And we’ve got a long-term profitable record with umbrella, and we look to continue to grow that. So that was, I think, your limits question. The other question you had, Michael, is on the 3-year policy. We’re as committed to that 3-year policy as we ever have been. I think it resonates with policyholders and with our agents. So our desire for long-term relationships. Our 3-year policy – package policy actually outperforms a 1-year contract from an underwriting standpoint. Our underwriters use the art and science of pricing. And you can see – we can see it in the book that they – they are using it the right way, and we’re getting profitable results. from the 3-year policy. You mentioned the muting effect with pricing and make a long story short, about 75% of our premium in commercial lines, even on a 3-year policy are adjusted on an annual basis. So 75% of the premiums are being adjusted annually. Again, just committed to that 3-year – and we think it’s – again, it shows the marketplace that we want long-term relationships and our retentions at the first and second anniversary of a 3-year policy are about 10 points higher than we actually have a renewal. So there is an added benefit to it as well. Hopefully, the answer would be helpful.
Michael Phillips: Yes, it does. Yes, thank you guys both very much. It sounds like you are not concerned about what looks like a spike in the large loss activity. You certainly have the annual track record to prove it. So thank you for that. I guess my second question is on personal auto, a real quick turnaround in the profitability in commercial auto. I guess, is there anything that’s kind of a one-off to drive that down to 66.7 current accident year loss ratio on personal auto that drove it down or is it just rates running in? And is that kind of a good run-rate from here given where your rates have been? Thanks.
Steve Spray: Mike could you – did you say commercial auto or personal auto? You broke up.
Michael Phillips: Personal auto, if I said commercial, I meant personal auto, that’s what I said, personal auto.
Steve Spray: Yes. You just broke up. I didn’t hear. Yes. So again, Steve Spray. Yes, I think it is a lot of – it’s blocking and tackling. It’s sophisticated pricing that we on to continue to develop segmentation precision in the pricing. And as you know, I think inflation probably hit the personal auto line as hard as any line of business in P&C. And we reacted accordingly, and it’s a lot of rate that is continuing to burn into that book.
Michael Phillips: Okay. So really nothing – any kind of anomalies, but that looks like – it sounds like a good rate kind of at least a trend from here.
Steve Spray: Yes. The only other thing I might add is, over time, our mix of business and personal lines is moving. We’re growing both the middle market segment and high net worth. But over time, we think that the high net worth business, as it always has or traditionally has – will outperform the middle market space and that personal auto is a less percentage of the package with high net worth or private client than it is on the middle market. So I think mix of business is probably helping us as well.
Michael Phillips: Okay, perfect. Thank you, guys. And congrats again to Steve and Steve.
Steve Spray: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Mike Zaremski with BMO. Please go ahead.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, good morning. I guess sticking – going back to the reserving color. Just trying to understand bigger picture. So the reserve charge in casualty, as you stated, on an absolute basis, isn’t a huge number. And so just trying to understand, are you making a material change to kind of your forward loss trend, too, given what you’ve learned in casualty? Or is this just simply the Cinci way of doing things, you’re reacting to bad news trying to get ahead of it. And this is just really a small tweak that doesn’t kind of touch on the changes you made back in ‘22 on umbrella?
Steve Johnston: Yes. Good question, and it’s the latter, Mike. We don’t see it as a material change in our trend. We feel very good about the position that we are in terms of our rate versus our trend. And keep in mind, we’re forward-looking we’re looking for where do we think the loss costs will be out in the prospective policy period. We feel good about that. A little bit historic as we do see good improvement in those accident year ex-cat combined ratios, which I think gives credence to it. And so it’s more of the latter of doing things in Cincinnati way, recognizing some large losses when we see them and also what’s going on in the industry and being prudent with our reserves to keep that 35 years of favorable development stream going to 36.
Mike Zaremski: Understood. And just curious, in a good way, Cincinnati is my understanding, kind of branching into, I guess, broadening the customer base, you can write policies for on the commercial side in terms of going down market into BOP and I believe, into larger commercial too. And just curious as – if I’m right about that, as you’ve gone on this journey in recent years, does that just kind of bring in a little bit more potential volatility in the early years as you kind of learn more about those kind of newer client segments? Is there anything there?
Steve Spray: No, I don’t think it brings in any more volatility than what we would normally experience. Mike. We’ve always had an agency strategy. So we – we’re trying to be as important to each agency that we do business with and be an important partner for all segments, whether it’s small like the box you mentioned, middle markets or larger accounts. We’ve always written small business. We’ve always written larger accounts. That small business, a lot of times, is more of a technology play. And we have – we have launched just an excellent platform, not because I say so, but because our agency feedback is telling us that it’s intuitive and it’s easy. So I expect that you will see us continue to make big strides in the small business area. And then on the, what we call, key accounts, larger accounts, commercially, we have added a lot of expertise in that area, and we are growing it – we were growing it in a conservative manner and very – underwriting profit first, but our runway on larger accounts and keep moving, I guess upstream as one might say is, I think is very positive too.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Got it. And lastly, just on the – there is – in my understanding, there is no change to the value creation ratio target, but you are bringing down the – or you are improving the long-term combined ratio target. Maybe just can kind of just help us clarify why not – what brought about that change? And is there any financial incentives that are going to change on a forward-looking basis when we look at the proxy or whatnot because of the combined ratio change?
Steve Johnston: Good question. No, there will not be any change in the compensation targets in that regard. We have been very, I think consistent in the combined ratio. We have got 12 years in a row now with a combined ratio under 100. And so we have seen it be as low as 88.3. And so we felt that we could lower that long-term target down and put us in a position to continue to be long-term thinkers there. I think there has also been great consistency in the value creation ratio. If we look at the 5-year average VCR going back to the 5 years ended 2013, all of those 5-year ending years from 2013 through 2023 have all been double digits. So, we are just reflecting our long-term focus and raising the bar a bit on where we put that long-term combined ratio for you.
Mike Zaremski: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Greg Peters at Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Greg Peters: Well, good morning everyone and congratulations on your 35-year track record and Mr. Spray, you have your work cut out for you to keep that going for the next 5 years, so good luck to you on that. Can we step back and – you provided some data around pricing. And maybe you can help us frame how to think about new business growth, both commercial, personal and E&S as we think about the next 12 months when we compare it to what happened in ‘23?
Steve Spray: I would – this is Steve Spray, Greg. Let me start with Commercial Lines. We use the same predictive modeling tools and have our field underwriters use the art of underwriting and balance that. And if you recall, we started off 2023. New business was, we were under some pressure for new business. We were keeping our pricing discipline going there. And as the year progressed, I would like to say we kind of saw the market come our way. And new businesses continue to get better and better throughout the year in ‘23 and again, kept that pricing and underwriting discipline. Personal Lines, the new business there and the net written premium growth has just been strong throughout the year. And I just think we are in such a good position going forward in Personal Lines as well, because we are – like I have said earlier, we have an agency strategy, and we have become a premier market, both in middle market and high net worth for our agencies, and they tell us that regularly. And with our $12 billion of GAAP equity supported $8 billion of premium. We are in a good position with our balance sheet to continue to grow Personal Lines. Through this, I will call it tumultuous market. So, feel really good about that. On the E&S side, 90.6% combined ratio are better now for 11 years in a row. It’s about 90% casualty. The submission counts there continue to be strong. You can see that the new business throughout 2023 was strong and I don’t see any reason why that will continue into 2024 as well.
Greg Peters: Okay. Thanks for the color there. I was also listening to your comments about the movements around the reserves. And I was just wondering if you had any comments on just the paid loss trend. It looks like paid losses grew a little bit faster for the full year ‘23 than they did in ‘22. Just wondering, is that just – is there any noise in there or anything you would like to call out?
Steve Johnston: Yes. I would think there really isn’t anything to call out there, Greg. I think it’s just, we are growing and then paid losses and we have seen that fluctuate from year-to-year. And so there would be some noise there.
Greg Peters: Fair enough. Thanks for the answers.
Steve Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Good morning. It’s Jane [ph] on for Meyer. Thank you for taking my question.
Steve Johnston: Thank you.
Unidentified Analyst: My first question – thank you. On the follow-up for commercial casualty reserves, just mainly on the $51 million and $29 million reserve charge prior to accident year 2019, you mentioned some – you outlined some large losses. Is there any other new trends you are seeing in 4Q?
Steve Johnston: No, not really. I think that I don’t see it as a trend. I think we did recognize it. Like I say, there was some volatility through the year. We would have had less of that in the second quarter when we released or recognize the 9.2 points of favorable development. I think we just look – are looking at this now as the whole year and doing our best to put our best estimate forward for the year, which amounted to the $15 million and never want to minimize $15 million. But I think in the grand scheme of things, it’s pretty close to a wash and puts us in a position to continue to have the type of reserve strength and quality of balance sheet that we do.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. My second question is on the combined ratio target. You mentioned a 5-year average of 92% to 98% to middle point at 95%. So, does that imply that less than 95% combined ratio for ‘24, or is there any color you can provide for ‘24?
Steve Johnston: No, it doesn’t imply a 95% for 2024. And so we are not really giving a 2024 number here. We are again, focusing on the long-term that we have had consistent underwriting profits. We think that the long-term of 95% to 100% is something that we can strive for the long time – long-term to do better and have that be 92% to 98%. We know there will be some years it will be a little bit higher. I think we have been under 100% for 12 consecutive years. I think the highest was 98.1%, the lowest 88.3%. And so there is going to be variation in the market cycles and weather and so forth. We want to focus on the long-term where we continue to grow above the industry average, do it at a good underwriting profit and invest well such that, that value creation ratio stays double digit. There will be some volatility there as investments are a little bit volatility, but over the long pull, which is what we shoot for, we are a long-term strategy team here, we think we can lower that long-term combined ratio range from 95% to 100% to 92% to 98%.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Perfect. Thank you. Can I sneak in one more? Just on the expense ratio, we are seeing it trending up quarter-over-quarter in 2023. You mentioned some high share commission, etcetera, in 4Q. How should we think about the run rate for 2024? Any kind of color you have there would be great.
Mike Sewell: Yes. Thank you for the question. This is Mike Sewell. I think we have kind of really said over the last couple of years that we have been targeting a 30% expense ratio. And so we are still looking at that. We are shooting for that. And we are actually there for the last 2 years. So, I am kind of setting my sights. And we are not going to give up. We are going to keep investing where we need to invest, keep controlling costs where we think we can control it better. And any time that we can get that below 30%, we are going to try to do that. So, I am targeting for below 30%, but I am happy where it is, but we can always improve.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks so much.
Mike Sewell: Thank you.
Steve Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Grace Carter, Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Grace Carter: Hi everyone. Good morning.
Steve Johnston: Good morning Grace.
Grace Carter: I was looking for the commercial casualty reserve development. You mentioned that, I think $29 million of it was related to prior to 2019. I was hoping we could zoom-in on the remaining piece. And I guess just considering how claims activity was suppressed during the pandemic, if you can help us think through how the pandemic years are developing relative to your expectations? And just any sort of surprise in the trends there? And how much of the commercial casualty total reserve base we should think of accident years 2020 to 2022 comprising?
Steve Johnston: Hi Grace. This is Steve Johnston. I think we can get you those numbers. I do not have like the carried reserves for those years in front of me here what we would carry for those years. I do feel that we are looking at the pandemic years is, obviously, there were challenges we were going through the pandemic with the economy slowing down in ports and so forth. But I do think that now it’s been well behaved.
Grace Carter: Thank you. And I guess kind of considering how interest rates have been – were lower in the decade following the financial crisis with a pretty sharp change in that over the past couple of years. Conventional industry wisdom has kind of historically suggested that if you have better investment income, maybe you can let your combined ratio float up a little bit higher. So, I guess considering the potential for higher interest rates to stick around for longer. I was just wondering your thoughts on that and if you think that, that no longer holds in light of the updated combined ratio guidance and just the extent to which the prevailing interest rate environment influences, how you think about your outlook?
Steve Johnston: Great question. I think we would be slow to change those combined ratio targets because interest rates, as we have seen, can fluctuate more quickly than the loss ratios of books and business. And so I think it would be risky to see high interest rates or higher interest rates and react by lowering your standard on a combined ratio when there would be a good chance, I think over the next 10 years that interest rates would go back down. I would expect that over the next 10 years, a lot of what I have seen in terms of interest rate expectation is to go down. If you got yourself in a situation where you reacted to the higher interest rates with a higher combined ratio target, you can’t recalibrate and cash back up as quickly as those interest rates change. So, we are going to stay conservative in terms of our loss ratio targets.
Grace Carter: Thank you.
Steve Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Michael Zaremski with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Good morning. This is Jack on for Mike. Thanks for taking our follow-up. I am just – you guided to buying more reinsurance and seeding more premiums. Any color on how you expect those changes to impact the combined ratio in 2024?
Steve Spray: Jack, this is Steve Spray. We – I will say, on the property cat treaty, we buy that for balance sheet protection. As last – if you recall, last year, we increased our retention on the property cap from $100 million to $200 million. We renewed it for ‘24 with that same $200 million retention. And we also then bought another $100 million on top. So, now the total program is $1.2 billion. We obviously balance the cost of that with what we are trying to do on the loss ratio, but again, always keeping in mind that it’s for balance sheet protection, not earnings. I would also note that in that $1.2 billion tower that we have for the property cat, we also filled out some more of the – we will call it, maybe the middle layers this year than what we did for the 2023 year. So, no guidance on loss ratio for you on that, but just maybe a little background or color on the property cat treaty.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Steve Johnston for any closing remarks.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Rocco and thanks to all of you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter 2024 call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. We thank you all for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Cincinnati Financial Corporation Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. Please go ahead.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel at Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you'll first hear from Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Johnston; and then from Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including President Steve Spray; Chief Investment Officer, Steve Soloria and Cincinnati Insurance's Chief Claims Officer, Marc Schambow and Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance, Theresa Hoffer. First, please note that some of the matters we discuss today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore, is not reconciled to GAAP. Now I'll turn over the call to Steve.
Steven Johnston: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our results. We are pleased with our operating performance in the third quarter as we again saw improved underwriting ratios for almost every major line of business compared with the first half of this year. The net loss of $99 million for the third quarter of 2023 included recognition of $362 million on an after-tax basis for the reduction of fair value of equity securities still held. We continue to believe the value of our equity portfolio will increase over the long term. As of September 30, it had $5.6 billion in appreciated value. It decreased 8% during the third quarter but has increased 2% since the end of last year. Non-GAAP operating income of $261 million for the third quarter more than doubled last year's $116 million, including a decrease of catastrophe losses of $58 million on an after-tax basis. The 94.4% third quarter 2023 property casualty combined ratio was 9.5 percentage points better than the third quarter of last year, including a decrease of 4.8 points for catastrophe losses. Our 2023 ex-cat accident year combined ratios are also better than '22, improving 3.4 percentage points for the third quarter and 1.7 points on a 9-month basis. Similar to last quarter, we also see signs of positive momentum in operating performance. Pricing segmentation by risk and significant average price increases contributed to the increase in our underlying profit combined with risk selection and other efforts to address elevated inflation effects on incurred losses. On a current accident year basis, measured at September 30, before catastrophe losses, our 2023 consolidated property casualty loss and loss expense ratio improved from 2022 by 4.3 percentage points on a case incurred basis. For the same time period, we increased the incurred but not reported or IBNR component of the ratio by 3.0 points as we continue to recognize uncertainty regarding ultimate losses, remaining prudent in our reserve estimates until longer-term loss cost trends become more clear. Agencies appointed by Cincinnati Insurance are producing profitable business for us, working with associates who provide outstanding service to agents and their clients. Our underwriters are working diligently to retain profitable accounts while managing loans that we determine have inadequate pricing. They are also careful in selecting risks and pricing new business policies. Estimated average renewal price increases for the third quarter continued at a healthy pace. Our Commercial Lines segment again averaged near the low end of the high single-digit percentage range, while our Excess and Surplus Lines Insurance segment continued in the high single-digit range. Personal Lines for the third quarter included auto rising to the low double-digit range and homeowner rising to the lower end of the high single-digit range. We reported 12% growth in consolidated property casualty net written premiums for the quarter. That included an 11% increase in third quarter renewal written premiums, reflecting higher levels of insured exposures in addition to price increases. Considering operating performance by insurance segment, I'll comment on premium growth and how profitability is improving compared to a year ago. Commercial Lines grew net written premiums 5% in the third quarter, reflecting pricing discipline. For example, lower written premiums this year for workers' compensation and commercial umbrella together reduced the third quarter 2023 growth rate for total Commercial Lines by 2 percentage points. The Commercial Lines combined ratio improved by 3.8 percentage points despite an increase of 2.2 points from higher catastrophe losses. Personal Lines grew net written premiums 29% with growth in middle market accounts in addition to Cincinnati Private Client business for our agencies high net worth clients. The combined ratio was 4.6 percentage points better than last year, including 2.0 points for lower catastrophe losses. Excess and Surplus Lines improved its combined ratio by 3.4 percentage points and continue to grow profitably with net written premiums up 6%. Both Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global, again enhanced our overall combined ratio and continue to demonstrate risk diversification benefits. Cincinnati Re's combined ratio for the third quarter of 2023 was an excellent 81.0% with net written premiums essentially matching last year's third quarter. Casualty premiums again decreased as we saw fewer attractive opportunities in certain segments of the market. Property premiums increased 24%, largely due to higher pricing while specialty premiums increased 31% due to attractive opportunities in pricing. Cincinnati Global's combined ratio was an excellent 79.5% while reporting strong growth with net written premiums up 21%. Our life insurance subsidiary again performed well, with third quarter 2023 net income up 9% and term life insurance earned premiums growing 2%. I'll conclude with our primary measure of long-term financial performance, the value creation ratio. While our VCR on a 9-month basis is 4.4%, our third quarter 2023 VCR was negative 2.6%. Net income before investment gains or losses for the quarter contributed positive 2.4%, lower valuation of our investment portfolio and other items contributed negative 5.0%. Next, Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, will add his commentary about our financial performance.
Michael Sewell: Thank you, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Investment income again contributed nicely to improved operating results, growing 17% for the third quarter 2023 compared with the third quarter of 2022. Dividend income was up 5% for the quarter, in part due to net equity security purchases for the first 9 months of 2023, that totaled $89 million. Bond interest income continued to show strong growth, up 19% for the third quarter of this year. We added more fixed maturity securities to our investment portfolio with net purchases totaling just over $1 billion for the first 9 months of the year. The third quarter pretax average yield of 4.44% for the fixed maturity portfolio rose 36 basis points compared with last year. The average pretax yield for the total of purchased taxable and tax-exempt bonds during the third quarter for 2023 was 6.4%. Valuation changes in aggregate for the third quarter of 2023 were unfavorable for both our equity and bond portfolios. Before tax effects, the net loss was $463 million for the equity portfolio and $369 million for the bond portfolio. At the end of the quarter, total investment portfolio net appreciated value was approximately $4.4 billion. The equity portfolio was in a net gain position of $5.6 billion while the fixed maturity portfolio was in a net loss position of $1.2 billion. Cash flow continued to boost investment income, adding to the benefit of rising bond yields, cash flow from operating activities for the first 9 months of 2023 was nearly $1.5 billion, up $54 million from a year ago. We always strive for our expense management efforts to strike an appropriate balance between controlling expenses and making strategic investments in our business. The third quarter 2023 property casualty underwriting expense ratio was 0.6 percentage points higher than last year, primarily due to an increase in associate and travel-related expenses. On a 9-month basis, it was 0.4 points lower. Moving on to loss reserves. Our approach consistently aims for net amounts in the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of net loss and loss expense reserves. As we do each quarter, we consider new information such as paid losses and case reserves and an updated estimated ultimate losses and losses expenses by accident year in line of business. For the first 3 quarters of 2023, our net addition to property casualty loss and loss expense reserves was $655 million, including $539 million for the IBNR portion. During the third quarter, we experienced $53 million of property casualty net favorable reserve development on prior accident years that benefited the combined ratio by 2.7 percentage points. On an all lines basis by accident year, net reserve development for the first 9 months of 2023 included favorable $123 million for 2022, $7 million for 2021, $72 million for 2020 and $11 million in aggregate for accident years prior to 2020. In terms of capital management, we also have a consistent long-term approach. During the third quarter of 2023, we paid $115 million in dividends to shareholders. We did not repurchase any shares. Our assessment of our financial flexibility and our financial strength is that both are in excellent condition. As usual, I'll conclude with a summary of third quarter contributions to book value per share. They represent the main drivers of our value creation ratio. Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.56. Life insurance operations increased book value, $0.73. Investment income, other than life insurance and net of noninsurance items added $1.04. Net investment gains and losses for the fixed income portfolio decreased book value by $1.86. Net investment gains and losses for the equity portfolio decreased book value by $2.33. And, we declared $0.75 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value decrease of $2.61 per share during the third quarter to $67.72 per share. Now I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steven Johnston: Thanks, Mike. I'm proud of the way our associates continue to help the independent agents who represent Cincinnati Insurance navigate this challenging market. We're sticking to our fundamentals, listening, offering solutions and building strong relationships. Because our field associates live in the communities our agents serve, we see and respond quickly to market pressures most impacting them. We are then able to find solutions that contribute to our agent success, leading to long-term shareholder value. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Steve Soloria, Marc Schambow and Theresa Hoffer. Gary, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Greg Peters with Raymond James.
Charles Peters: Can we start off with -- in your press release, you've talked about the 193 new agent appointments this year. How long does it take them once they've been pointed to get up to some minimum levels of premium on a per agent basis? Or put it another way, what's sort of the production targets you have in mind when you appoint the new agents. And can you just clarify the comments of the agents that are just doing Personal Lines only?
Stephen Spray: Yes, Greg, this is Steve Spray. It really depends agency by agency. One thing I think as a company, we've always prided ourselves on as we do business with the best independent agents out there. And we are very deliberate about the agencies we appoint. We spend a lot of time kind of making sure that it's a fit for both us and the agency. So when we go into a relationship, we feel pretty confident that we're aligned and that the future will bear fruit. It just depends on the size of the agency, maybe the state and community but over time, we are the #1 or #2 carrier as measured by premium volume in the majority of the agencies we do business with for at least 5 years or more. So that gives you a little -- just a little flavor of the trajectory that we have. And so it just depends but we don't want to be just in consequential -- inconsequential player in any agency.
Charles Peters: And the percentage of -- I think you called out in the press release, a chunk of those were Personal Lines only. Was that geographically focused? Or can you add some color on that?
Stephen Spray: Yes, sure, Greg. Sorry, you asked that. Typically, Personal Lines only agencies will be private client or high net worth focused agencies to where maybe as an example, let's say, in the state of California, we're not active there for Commercial Lines right now. So if we make an agency appointment in California would be Personal Lines only, and it would be high net worth or private client-focused.
Charles Peters: Got it. All right. I guess pivoting to the commercial lines side of the business. If we look at new business trends in your commercial, it's kind of flattish the last couple of quarters. And by the way, we've heard some other carriers talk about pockets of increased competition. Maybe you can give us some perspective inside your book of commercial, where you're seeing some headwinds from competition and where you're seeing some opportunities?
Stephen Spray: Yes. Again, Steve Spray, Greg. It's that new business that you're pointing to is all around underwriting discipline and pricing segmentation and just discipline from our field underwriters on the pricing front. So it's a very competitive -- it's always a competitive market, and it varies by state. It varies by territory on who we're competing with. But we have just -- over the years, our proven model, appointing the best agents, assigning field associates to those agencies, making decisions locally, that has served us really well over the long fall. In the last 10 years, the pricing precision, the pricing segmentation, the tools that we have, have really been what's driving quite frankly, the profitability that you see that we're producing and our new business underwriters working with our agents out in the field are executing on that disciplined strategy. And it's to put pressure candidly, it's put some pressure on the new business this year. But I can tell you each quarter of this year, is that commercial market has gotten a little more disrupted, we are seeing more and more opportunities at the underwriting terms, conditions, quality and pricing that we feel are adequate.
Charles Peters: Okay. And then I guess the final question would be on Personal Lines because if we look at your results for the quarter, actually, you're doing pretty well in the context of how the rest of the market is performing. And you're also reporting some substantial growth in new business written. So -- maybe give us sort of an updated view on the trends you're seeing inside your Personal Lines business. And I'm thinking about auto and property, clearly. So if you could separate the 2, that would be great.
Stephen Spray: Sure. First of all, I might comment -- just we're pleased and encouraged by the improvement in ex-cat. Actually the core loss ratio that we're seeing in Personal Lines as well, certainly had some pressure with inflation and with increased cat levels, but feel like we are -- I shouldn't say feel like, we're confident that we're getting the rate on a prospective go-forward basis that's adequate. The fact that about 55% of our Personal Lines today would be what we call private client, 45% roughly middle market. We think that is a key for us with our agency model in the marketplace. That we can be a go-to care for our agents on -- regardless of the size of the home. And the way we handle claims locally fast [indiscernible] with empathy, we think, puts us in a really good position going forward on all Personal Lines. Yes, it's -- the loss ratio has been -- has certainly been under pressure with inflation and the increased cat activity, but we're confident in where it's headed going forward. We see a lot of opportunity out there. A lot of disruption in that Personal Lines market. Candidly, I've never seen a harder market than the Personal Lines market we're seeing today. And we think with our balance sheet, our agency strategy, the way we're approaching it, the expertise, the pricing precision, we think it's going to bode well for us in the future to grow that Personal Lines book.
Operator: The next question is from Mike Zaremski with BMO.
Michael Zaremski: I guess maybe going back to kind of the topic of growth and risk selection. And maybe just sticking with Commercial Lines. So if I kind of just step back, Cincinnati Financial's pricing power levels are fairly similar to a number of your peers yet your growth rate, just overall growth rate is much lower than your historical growth rate relative to the industry, which you've been talking about this about changing your appetite a bit and every quarter, this isn't like a surprise. But just kind of then curious like, are -- I would have thought, it doesn't seem like you're losing business because of pricing because your pricing levels are similar to peers. So is it -- or maybe I'm wrong and in just certain lines, actually, you're actually -- we're looking at all-in rate and certain lines, you actually are casualty raising a lot more than the average. Or is the -- has your fundamental risk selection process change that you're just not willing to take on certain risks or you're trying to shed certain risks and kind of just kind of see where we are in this kind of journey to whether the -- your historical growth rate will get back to what it used to be historically relative to the industry if your appetite decides to change.
Stephen Spray: Yes. Mike, Steve Spray again. Steve Johnston commented in his opening remarks on the net written premium piece of Commercial as I might start there in that we've got a 2 full point drag on Commercial Lines from workers' compensation and umbrella or excess you could call it, both for different reasons. We're comp about 1 point drag, that has been going on now for several years. Just simply, the rate decreases that are being pushed through really for the industry. On umbrella, that is deliberate. It started probably a little over a year ago here in Commercial Lines. In certain jurisdictions, certain states, we really took aggressive, appropriate underwriting action on our umbrella book, reducing limits, maybe shedding some of that business. So that's putting a weight on the Commercial Lines growth as well. So your comment of returning to historical levels or walking away from other business, like I was saying before, I think we've got a winning strategy. We've got a winning model, doing business locally with the best agents in the business, face-to-face that has served us well for many, many years. And our risk selection, our claims handling, our loss control, those things have all improved on linear basis since I've been here, I think, 32 years ago. Our pricing precision, segmentation has improved exponentially over the last 10 years. So where we just didn't have those tools, say, when I was a field rep 15 years ago and the look into each individual account that we do and price them on their own merits. So yes, our field underwriters and our renewal underwriters have those pricing precision tools that they use to where -- if we don't feel like we can get an adequate rate on a risk-adjusted basis, we're -- we'll walk away from an account, and we'll wait it out. First and foremost is we need an underwriting profit. We've got 11.5 years in a row now of -- 11 years and 9 months of underwriting profit and we want to keep that rolling. I don't worry about growth over the long haul at Cincinnati Insurance Company. We are talking about agency appointments. We have plenty of runway to continue to do that. We're growing our E&S company. You see what's going on in Personal Lines. Well, I'm not -- I don't worry about growth prospects for the future.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. That's thorough and helpful answer. And my follow-up is you've been deliberate in your actions to kind of increase IBNR. And you've talked about uncertainty in terms of -- more uncertainty in terms of the loss cost trend environment. Growth is obviously -- you just talked about maybe a little bit slower, too. So would it be fair to characterize that Cincinnati is taking a view that loss cost trend is a bit higher on a go-forward basis than it has been a year or 2 ago. Is that a fair characterization?
Steven Johnston: Greg, this is Steve Johnston. And I think what we've seen was kind of a rapid acceleration of inflation starting at the beginning of 2021. It is now in the last several months moderated, still going up, but moderated. I think just with the way that we time our rate increases in rolling on to the book, it takes a little while for them to actually reach all the policyholders. But the key point, I think, is that we are very prospective in terms of the way we look at inflation. The most important thing we can do is to look out into the prospective policy periods that we're pricing for right now, do our best to estimate the loss costs and the inflation impact on that prospective period and set the pricing right and do it on a individual policy-by-policy basis the best we can. And I think we're in a good position to continue doing that.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. So you clearly feel it sounds like pricing is in excess of loss trend, knock on wood, if everything plays out. If you don't agree with that...
Steven Johnston: I would agree with that.
Operator: The next question is from Grace Carter with Bank of America.
Grace Carter: Looking at kind of results line by line in the Commercial segment, it seemed like quite a few saw year-over-year improvement but the workers' compensation line sticks out a little bit kind of the second quarter in a row where we've seen a decent bit of pressure on the underlying loss ratio. I was just curious if we could get more color on what's going on there. I mean, obviously, you'll have referenced the pricing pressure for that book. But we've also heard some other peers talk about concerns regarding medical inflation. And if you all could just give us some more color on what's happening there?
Stephen Spray: Yes, Grace, Steve Spray. Thanks for the question. The accident year combined ratio, loss ratio for work comp is, yes, it's under pressure. Calendar year is still performing quite well. The -- it is -- I hate to keep telling the same story, but it really is simply just pressure -- downward pressure on the rates that are put out by the rating bureaus. And fortunately, I think for Cincinnati Insurance company is we've always been conservative on the workers' compensation line. We've got tremendous expertise, we're ready to grow that business when we think that the pricing is at an attractive level. But right now, it's -- again, we're doing it risk by risk, and we are running new workers' compensation business. But just -- it's a line that, as you mentioned, medical inflation can impact it over time. I can't see that we're seeing anything out of the ordinary with the medical inflation at this point. But that line of business is definitely under pressure on an accident year basis and primarily from just rate pressure.
Grace Carter: And I guess on Cincinnati Re, you all mentioned kind of reducing casualty premiums in that book for a couple of quarters now. And we've also heard some more players in the market start talking about concerns over casualty loss cost trends here lately. I was just curious if you think if there's anything particularly new going on in casualty reinsurance or if the recent comments are surprising to you all at all? Or -- and I guess, next year, just if you think opportunities from property, specialty, et cetera, will outweigh any sort of ongoing pressure on the casualty piece of that book to allow it to inflect back to growth?
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Grace. Really good question. And I think it boils down to our model at Cincinnati Re and that we didn't really actually form a company Cincinnati Re. It writes on Cincinnati Insurance paper. So there's the A+ quality there. And then it's an allocated capital model. So what we try to do is just look at every contract as it comes up. We don't try to do things this much in property, this much in casualty this much in specialty. Just look at each contract that becomes available to us on its own merits and if we can get the target hurdle rate that we're looking for and feel good about how it fits into our overall risk model, we'll go ahead and write that. So I would think that we will see movements in the various business lines that reflect that. I think right now, just what we're seeing is certain lines like professional liability, transactional liability and so forth are areas where we felt that the pricing and sometimes the opportunity or not is as good as they've been in the past, where we are seeing really good opportunity in the property and specialty lines. So we'll just go at that contract by contract and very bullish with everything that Cincinnati Re is bringing to us in terms of profitability and diversification.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The next question is from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: Great. Two questions on Personal Lines. First, is there any appreciable difference in the profitability of private clients and middle market?
Stephen Spray: Meyer, Steve Spray. We don't -- right now, we are disclosing the difference in loss ratios for our specific book between middle market and high net worth or private client. But I can tell you, over the long pull, the industry, private client has outperformed middle market by a pretty good margin. And we feel like we can create those same results over time as well. Not that we want to subsidize middle market. The middle market book needs to stand on its own. We've got the pricing precision there. Again, we've got the agency force. So we expect both segments to be profitable. But we do think, over the long pull, the high net worth of private client will outperform.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's very helpful. I completely understood. Second question, a couple of companies have talked about moderating rent cost inflation, specifically for auto physical damage. And I was wondering whether you're seeing that in the third quarter as well?
Steven Johnston: We have seen it in just certain areas within physical damage. As we look at replacement vehicles, rental cars, that sort of thing. But again, we're still kind of looking at inflation on a -- how it's been cumulatively since 2021 as we use that data to forecast the loss cost and the premium needed in the prospective periods. And so we're being cautious, I think, in terms of where we are with our inflation rates, but we do feel that we're getting ahead of our loss cost trends. We are ahead of our loss cost trends with our pricing. And I think we benefited that while we had a stay-at-home credit during 2020. We did not actually -- we bring that through the expense ratio. We did not actually decrease the auto rates. And I think that's helping us now as we contemplate inflation and our pricing.
Operator: The next question is from Fred Nelson, a Private Investor.
Unidentified Analyst: I got a call last night from a lady pushing 90, thanking me for Cincinnati Financial and I told her that I would refer that today on the phone on the conference call, and she didn't even know you had one. But the question is battery-operated vehicles of all types, has that changed the pricing of insurance, replacement costs and accidents? Do you have any comments you can share?
Steven Johnston: Yes. Fred, this is Steve Johnston. I think what we just have to do is make sure that we contemplate the costs involved. As we go to having more electronic vehicles in the fleet, there will be more of that cost in the battery. They are less complex, I believe, in terms of all the different parts that are involved. So it is different. It will create a challenge to stay on top of -- as we calculate those costs in price, but we feel that we're up to the task. And please thank your friend to call us. We appreciate your comments.
Unidentified Analyst: Well, thank you. The battery operated calls I have people in the farming business with pickup trucks and other machinery and they say it's not an easy thing to work with. And they'll ask the question about insurance soon so thank you for the best you do. I really appreciate it.
Steven Johnston: Well, thank you, Fred. It's always good to hear from you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Steve Johnston for any closing remarks.
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Gary, and thank you to all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our fourth quarter call.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Cincinnati Financial Corporation Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel at Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued the news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you'll first hear from Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Johnston; and then from Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including President Steve Spray; Chief Investment Officer, Steve Soloria and Cincinnati Insurance's Chief Claims Officer, Marc Schambow; and Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance, Theresa Hopper. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore, is not reconciled to GAAP. Now, I'll turn over the call to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Good morning and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our results. Net income of $534 million for the second quarter of 2023 was quite a change from the net loss of more than $800 million for last year's second quarter. As we've noted in the past, large income swings can occur as gains and losses from securities still held in our equity portfolio run through net income. Last year, we saw a reduction in portfolio fair value. And this year, we recognized a significant investment gain. We believe the value of our equity portfolio will continue to grow over the long term. As of June 30, it had $6.1 billion in appreciated value, increasing 8% since the end of the first quarter. Non-GAAP operating income of $191 million for the quarter more than doubled the $94 million from a year ago despite catastrophe losses that were $11 million higher on an after-tax basis. Our 97.6% second quarter 2023 property casualty combined ratio was 5.6 percentage points better than last year's second quarter, including a decrease of 0.4 points for catastrophe losses. The 90.4% ex-cat accident year combined ratio for the second quarter was 2.4 percentage points better than the same period a year ago and is another important indicator of improved performance. Despite the increase in catastrophe losses and ongoing elevated inflation effects, we continue to see reasons for confidence about performance for the second half of the year. Pricing continued to accelerate during the second quarter of this year and we also worked to address inflation in other ways, such as changing factors that adjust premiums to account for rising property costs. We reported improved underwriting performance ratios in just about every major line of business compared with the first quarter of this year. On a current accident year basis, measured at June 30 before catastrophe losses, our 2023 and consolidated property casualty loss and loss expense ratio improved from 2022 by 4.5 percentage points on a case incurred basis which included 0.6 point improvement on a paid basis. For the same period, we increased the incurred but not reported or IBNR component of the ratio by 4.7 points as we continue to recognize uncertainty regarding ultimate losses remaining prudent in our reserve estimates until longer-term loss cost trends become more clear. Similar to the first quarter, we earned a small underwriting profit for our commercial umbrella line in the second quarter. In our commercial casualty line of business in total had an estimated combined ratio of approximately 90%. Our underwriters continue to do an excellent job in risk selection and pricing Importantly, Asians appointed by Cincinnati Insurance continue to produce profitable business for us in an outstanding fashion. Underwriters emphasize retention of profitable accounts addressing ones that we determine have inadequate pricing while also seeking profitable new business. Estimated average renewal price increases for the second quarter were higher than the first quarter for each of our major lines of business. Our Commercial Lines Insurance segment averaged near the low end of the high single-digit percentage range, while our excess and surplus lines insurance segment moved higher in the high single-digit range. Personal Lines for the second quarter included auto in the high single-digit range and homeowner in the mid-single-digit range. In terms of net written premiums, consolidated property casualty growth was 9% for the second quarter of 2023. That included an 11% increase in second quarter renewal written premiums with a significant portion from higher levels of insurance exposures as we factor in elevated inflation. Next, I'll briefly highlight premium growth and profitability by Insurance segment. Commercial Lines grew second quarter 2023 net written premiums 3%, reflecting discipline, particularly for commercial umbrella risks. Its combined ratio was 9.4 percentage points better than a year ago, including 1.5 points from lower catastrophe losses. We see the second quarter 10% reduction in new business written premiums as an expected result of pricing and underwriting discipline. Personal Lines grew net written premiums 23%, with growth in middle market accounts in addition to Cincinnati Private Client business for the high net worth clients and our agencies. Its combined ratio was 4.5 percentage points better than a year ago despite an increase of 0.6 points from catastrophe losses. Excess and surplus lines had a combined ratio of 92.2% and net written premiums grew 16%. Its combined ratio was 7.1 percentage points higher than a year ago, including a 9.9 point increase in the IBNR component. Both Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global continued to enhance our profitability. Cincinnati Re had a strong 73.7% combined ratio for the second quarter of 2023. Its net written premiums essentially matched last year's second quarter, while casualty premiums decreased as a result of fewer attractive opportunities in certain segments of the market, property net written premiums increased by 27% and largely due to a combination of higher pricing and market opportunities. Cincinnati Global's combined ratio was 88.3% with net written premiums continuing strong growth at 19%. Our life insurance subsidiary continued to report excellent results in the second quarter with net income up 91% from last year in term life insurance earned premium growth of 4%. As I usually do, I'll conclude with the value creation ratio, our primary measure of long-term financial performance. Our second quarter 2023 VCR was 4.0%, another strong result. Net income before investment gains or losses contributed 1.8%, while favorable valuation of our investment portfolio added another 2.2%. Now our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, will highlight other important factors about our financial performance.
Mike Sewell: Thank you, Steve and thanks for all of you for joining us today. Investment income continued at a strong pace of 13% for the second quarter of 2023 versus last year's second quarter. As expected, dividend income decreased 3% for the quarter due to 2 items we touched on last quarter. First, we are seeing dividend rates increase more slowly. Second, in last year's second quarter, we received a $5 million special dividend from 1 of our stockholdings that didn't repeat this year. Net equity security purchases for the first half of 2023 totaled $93 million. Bond interest income rose 19% in the second quarter compared with the second quarter of 2022. We added more fixed maturity securities to our investment portfolio with the net purchases totaling $732 million for the first 6 months of the year. The second quarter pretax average yield of 4.34% for the fixed maturity portfolio was 34 basis points higher than a year ago. The average pretax yield for the total of purchased taxable and tax-exempt bonds during the second quarter of 2023 was 5.88%. Valuation changes in aggregate for our equity portfolio during the second quarter of 2023 were favorable but were unfavorable for the bond portfolio. Before tax effects, the net gain for the equity portfolio was $459 million, while the net loss for the bond portfolio was $158 million. At the end of the quarter, total investment portfolio net appreciated value was approximately $5.3 billion. The equity portfolio was in a net gain position of $6.1 billion, while the fixed maturity portfolio was in a net loss position of $838 million. Strong cash flow again contributed to investment income growth in addition to rising bond yields boosting interest income. Cash flow from operating activities for the first 6 months of 2023 was $825 million, up 9% from a year ago. We continue to emphasize expense management with a balance between controlling expenses and making strategic investments in our business. The second quarter 2023 property casualty underwriting expense ratio was 0.2 percentage points lower than last year as premium growth outpaced growth in total expenses. Next, I'll comment on loss reserves. We continue to use a consistent approach that targets net amounts in the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of net loss and loss expense reserves. As we do each quarter, we consider new information such as paid losses and case reserves and then updated estimated ultimate losses and loss expenses by accident year and line of business. For the first half of 2023, our net increase in property casualty loss and loss expense reserves was $452 million, including $358 million for the IBNR portion. During the second quarter, we experienced $101 million of property casualty net favorable reserve development on prior accident years that benefited the combined ratio by 5.5 percentage points. On an all-lines basis by accident year, net reserve development for the first 6 months of 2023 included: favorable $99 million for 2022; unfavorable $5 million for 2021; favorable $49 million for 2020 and a favorable $17 million in aggregate for accident years prior to 2020. Regarding capital management, our approach remains consistent as we pay dividends to shareholders and repurchase shares that include maintenance intended to offset shares issued through equity compensation plans. We still believe our financial flexibility is outstanding and that our financial strength is in excellent shape. During the second quarter of 2023, we repurchased approximately 398,000 shares at an average price per share of $104.48. We also paid $117 million in dividends to shareholders during the quarter. As usual, I'll conclude with a summary of second quarter contributions to book value per share. They represent the main drivers of our value creation ratio. Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.24. Life insurance operations increased book value $0.15. Investment income other than life insurance and net of noninsurance items added $0.86. Net investment gains and losses for the fixed income portfolio decreased book value by $0.81. Net investment gains and losses for the equity portfolio increased book value by $2.31 and we declared $0.75 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value increase of $2 per share during the second quarter to $7.33 per share. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thanks, Mike. We are in the challenging insurance market and I'm proud of the way our associates are navigating it. We believe we are taking the necessary actions to continue delivering profitable growth through all insurance cycles. In the last month, to third-party organizations agreed. S&P affirmed our high financial strength ratings and we were also again included on the 50 list, recognizing our growth, profitability and shareholder return. We are 1 of only 4 companies named 32 times to the Property Casualty Awards 50 since the analysis began in 1991. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Steve Solaria, Marc Schambow and Theresa Hoffer. Vaishnavi, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Paul Newsome with Piper Sandler.
Paul Newsome: Congrats on the quarter. I wanted to ask maybe a little detail on the source of the competition that's been hampering the new business production in commercial. Happy you many names but if you give us a sense of just kind of what kind of companies sort of products, etcetera, that keeping you more disciplined.
Steve Spray: Paul, Steve Spray. I would reiterate kind of what Steve said there in his closing prepared remarks, just that it's a challenging market. This business, as I've said in the past, it's local. You get various competitors in different states that just have a different view of risk. I think from my perspective, it's been more about our underwriters and our field reps just continuing to execute working with our agents on disciplined pricing and underwriting. It's profit first here or segmenting the business. But from time to time, you'll see carriers that maybe have a different view of the risk. And we've just got the tools today that we didn't have in the past to be able to be disciplined about it. And just couldn't be more proud of the team, both on the new business front, our field reps and our renewal underwriters and the way they're executing. And I would add that it's a dynamic market we're seeing it change on a daily basis. And at the end of the second quarter, we did see, I would say, the market coming more to us on the pricing side and so on new business. It's 1 month of an end of a quarter, so it may not make a trend but we did see some improvement in new business towards the tail end of the second quarter. Hopefully, that answers your question, Paul.
Paul Newsome: It's definitely getting there. Just maybe a little bit mistaking but I was kind of going through the supplement and I noticed that recent commercial business, there's a little bit less of a loss IBNR booked up in the quarter. Anything anomalous there that you want to call out on that number?
Steve Johnston: Sure. Paul, this is Steve. And actually, on a dollar basis, our IBNR did increase. It's just our premium increased a little bit faster. And I think last year, second quarter of last year, I think we've -- I think we've seen the situation with inflation and recognize the leveraged effect of inflation on higher limits and umbrella in particular and we're strong to address that last year. So I think, again, we still had more dollars added to IBNR this quarter, just slightly less on -- as a ratio of earned premium.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg Peters with Raymond James.
Greg Peters: I guess, I'm going to focus on -- first question would be in the commercial casualty component of your financial supplement. And if you look at the total loss and loss expense ratio really began to show some nice improvement in the second quarter. And obviously, it's a longer tail line of business. And I'm just curious -- it seems like now with the loss ratio having improved this would be a time to perhaps start writing more of that business and yet we see it moving in the opposite direction. So maybe you could -- and I know you've provided some previous comments on it, maybe you could just give us some added context.
Steve Johnston: Yes. Good question, Greg. And I think the 2 are kind of related. I think the improvement is a result of the discipline that we're showing in pricing and underwriting and particularly in our umbrella line of business. The other side of that is, as Steve mentioned, is we are more disciplined in the market -- it makes us a little bit harder to compete on a price basis with some others that don't have that same view of risk. So I think the 2 go together and would really just -- I can't add much to Steve's earlier response in terms of how we're handling that competitive market.
Greg Peters: Right. I wanted to pivot just on property, whether it's inside the commercial or in the personal line space because I feel like the rate is a combination of factors, including insured to value numbers being reset. And so I'm -- when I look, for example, in your personal lines, your net written premium in homeowners up 27% in the second quarter. I'm wondering how much of that is pure rate versus actual just getting the insured to value numbers right? Or -- maybe I'm looking at this the wrong way? I don't know. It seems like a valid question though.
Steve Spray: Yes Greg, Steve Spray. On -- specifically on commercial property and personal property and homeowner, it's about 2/3 exposure, about 1/3 rate would be a good way to look at it.
Greg Peters: Okay, that's helpful. I guess the final question I have -- recognizing that others are going to want to ask questions would just be before you'd previously mapped out sort of an expectation for the combined ratio for the year. I'm just wondering how you're thinking about that range in the context of the second quarter results as we think about the second half of the year? That's my last question.
Steve Johnston: Greg, this is Steve Johnston. And I think we're still where we were at the -- when we first came out with it at the first quarter, we don't think it's we think it's reasonable that we would be able to be in the low to mid-90s combined ratio, 8% growth. But we have those caveats of that the weather and the market conditions are volatile and that will play out over the second half. I think the key point is we are just very confident in the movement of the ex-cat core portion of the book. It's improving nicely and that's really our focus at this point. But again, I think we're still where we were with the information that we gave in the first quarter.
Operator: Next question comes from Mike Zaremski with BMO.
Mike Zaremski: Curious, any insights into pricing power into July? And also just curious, have you guys been a bit surprised at some of the pricing power that you've experienced given the strong interest rate tailwinds that are a good guy? Or does it make sense that we're seeing kind of broader industry pricing inflect -- accelerate a bit?
Steve Johnston: This is Steve Johnston. And it is -- it's just -- it's an execution of our business model that makes us feel good and that we are -- have great relationships with our agents. We tend to communicate and try to communicate where we are risk by risk early in the process of a renewal and just feel the execution that makes us so proud of our field people as they're out in the field, balancing discipline with being responsive to our agents' needs has boded well for us and we see it continuing to do so as we go into the second half.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. You mentioned that the -- I think in the prepared remarks, the umbrella components, of your portfolio kind of eked out a small underwriting profit. Just curious as umbrella, given kind of what you've known -- you've experienced over the last year or 2 or maybe more -- maybe it's more also just prone to social inflation. Is umbrella, are you are you kind of targeting a better combined ratio for that versus the broader segment it's in.
Steve Spray: Yes. Over -- I think over the last '22 -- the end of '22 and prior, Mike, again, this is Steve Spray. Our combined ratio in umbrella was running around 80%. The last, like you said the last couple of years, have been challenging. It's jurisdictional. It could be state by state, it's risk by risk. And that loss ratio, like Steve said in the prepared remarks, we've been profitable here for the first half and obviously in the second quarter. We've been very deliberate about improving that line of business. And I would say, yes, we expect that loss ratio to improve from where it is today. I'll give you maybe a little bit more color on that, too. In the second quarter, our commercial umbrella net written premium was down 9 points which contributed a 2-point drag on the overall Commercial Lines net written premium. So it's been deliberate like Steve said, we got early and often with our agents to make sure that there's no surprises and work with them on pricing terms, conditions, reducing limits in some specific jurisdictions or specific risks that we think we -- that have been challenging for us.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. That's helpful. And Doug, maybe lastly, switching gears to Personal Lines. I think on last quarter's call, you talked about -- or maybe it wasn't a call but I think you guys have talked about you being 1 of the -- now the biggest writers in terms of new business in, for example, the state of California as others have been retrenching. Maybe you can kind of give us an update on what you're seeing in terms of kind of industry dynamics, competitive wise and personal lines and why you feel good about growing into some of these states where some competitors have had trouble kind of getting the pricing they need to keep up with loss inflation and very -- comes from the standpoint of understanding you have a very profitable personal lines book.
Steve Spray: Yes. Thanks, Mike. Steve Spray again. Yes, we feel really good and are bullish about personal lines, both on the high net worth and then the middle market business. The high net worth now or what we -- Cincinnati Private Client has become about 55% of our business. I would start with the fact that the team we have, the amount of expertise that we have selectively had joined from the outside and then the long-term associates we've had in building out that expertise not only on product but on marketing, on claims. I think we have been very well received across the country by our agents. And specifically growing it in states that you mentioned where there's been quite a bit of industry disruption. And we have definitely seen quite a bit of disruption, especially for the high net worth business. And as an example, 1 way we were able to deal with that is we were able to pivot in California as a specific example and move to writing homeowners business on an excess and surplus lines basis. And I think it goes true to Cincinnati over time as we've been able to be there for our agents and be there for the policyholders in their community provide, we think, measured capacity. We are in this high net worth business for the long term. We look at everything we do over the long term. And feel like we're positioned really well to continue to grow that business and grow it profitably. We have some work to do. Inflation has impacted the entire book but we're confident in the underwriting and especially the pricing actions we've taken to improve those results.
Operator: The next question is from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: A couple of quick questions, I guess. Steve, you talked about pricing accelerating pretty much every line of business sequentially. Was there any change in your internal view of trend from first quarter to second quarter?
Steve Johnston: Yes. Meyer, this is Steve. I don't really think so. I think we are seeing -- it's very granular. We look at it by line, by state and so forth. And so you'll see some movement in directions at a very detailed level. But -- for the most part, I think we're seeing a similar view of trends first quater to second quarter.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. I'm not 100% sure this is a good question. But when I look at the loss ratio detail, vastly higher provision for IBNR in Personal Lines than Commercial Lines. And I was wondering, is that a function of just bad weather? Or is there something else driving that?
Steve Johnston: I think probably, Meyer, it's the growth as much as anything. There's faster growth in the Personal Line space right now.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. That makes sense. And then one last question, if I can, it's a little more detailed. But have you disclosed which lines of business saw the reserve release from act year '22?
Steve Johnston: That has not been part of our disclosure, Meyer.
Operator: The next question comes from Grace Carter with Bank of America.
Grace Carter: Hi, everyone. Looking at the commercial property underlying loss ratio, that experienced quite a bit of improvement, both sequentially and year-over-year. Obviously, that line can be really volatile but I was just curious the extent to which that was maybe impacted by the classification of cat versus non-cat in the quarter and pricing flowing through and just the extent to which we should extrapolate that going forward?
Steve Spray: I can -- Grace, Steve Spray. I can take a shot at that. We have individual state plans, both for all lines -- for all lines and segments. But in Commercial Lines specifically and we -- the first thing we look at, I think, at every state is just the cat profile. We do believe you can underwrite and price for cat, you have to. And I would think terms, conditions percentage deductibles for cat. We've got the tools to understand what the -- what our average annual loss looks like. We price to that. So I think you're seeing improvement just because of the discipline that we've put both in the cat and the non-cat. I don't know if anybody else wants to add anything as far as numbers.
Steve Johnston: I think -- you handled it quite well, Steve.
Grace Carter: Okay. And I guess, looking at the workers' comp underlying loss ratio. That ticked up a bit versus what we're used to seeing. I was curious if there is anything kind of one-off there or if you've seen a change in loss trend or if that's just the accumulated impact of lower pricing in that line over time.
Steve Johnston: Grace, this is Steve Johnston. I do think that just accumulation of the lower pricing over time it just does have a compounding effect. We've been very disciplined. As you can see, there have been a decrease in our writings there as we've maintained discipline over a period of time so that we feel particularly as an account underwriter that we're in a good spot overall.
Grace Carter: And then I guess, finally, just talking about commercial casualty pretty broadly umbrella and -- I mean the underlying loss ratio there did see some improvement as well as a pretty favorable impact from reserve releases. I'm just trying to square that versus some of the commentary that we've heard over the past few quarters over being pretty cautious in that part of the business. Did you get any new information in the quarter regarding loss cost trends that gives you some more confidence regarding where that line is going? Or is this just kind of the impact of the actions that you've taken in that book over the past several quarters?
Steve Johnston: I think your last point is what it is. It's been the action over the last several quarters and trying to get out early and start to address the inflation and the leveraged effect of inflation.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Fred Nelson [ph] of Private Investor.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Two things that are really all of you that are on the call have worked with the company needs to know that the philosophy of Cincinnati Financial of rising dividends and integrity and honesty. I cannot tell you the number of people that have told me that it's allowed them to do things in their lives with their kids, their grandkids that they never dreamed possible. And I think we're going to say thank you to all of you for that philosophy because it's really, really important in our country. The thing that I'd like to know is the number of shares outstanding at the end of the period? It says you divide the shareholders' equity for the number of shares out there to get the book value and I would appreciate if you could tell me how many shares are outstanding at the end of the period to get the book value.
Steve Johnston: Well, thank you, Fred. This is Steve Johnston. And first off, I really want to thank you for your comments. It just really makes my day. It makes all of our days. You're talking to everybody here at the company. And we really appreciate your comments. I believe the number of shares outstanding is 158.6 million.
Unidentified Analyst: At the end of the period?
Steve Johnston: At the end of the period.
Unidentified Analyst: You divide -- how many shares?
Steve Johnston: I think it's 158.6 million.
Unidentified Analyst: And if you divide that into the shareholder equity value of [indiscernible], did you get $70.33.
Steve Johnston: I believe that's right.
Mike Sewell: That's right, Fred.
Steve Johnston: I may have transposed it. I think it's 156.8 million not -- I was going from my I was going from memory and somebody slipped a piece of paper to me here. So I apologize for the transposing the shares.
Unidentified Analyst: I appreciate what you just said because that's the figure I got with my old math.
Steve Johnston: Okay, good. The old math is always the best, Fred.
Unidentified Analyst: One of my people that live with Cincinnati but incense said was TYG; thank you, God.
Steve Johnston: Here you go. Thank you so much.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Steve Johnston for any closing remarks.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Vaishnavi and thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter call.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may all now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-28 10:40:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Cincinnati Financial First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. Please go ahead.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel at Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the Quarterly Results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you will first hear from Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Johnston; and then from Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including President, Steve Spray; and Cincinnati Insurance’s Chief Investment Officer, Steve Soloria; Chief Claims Officer, Marc Schambow; and Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance, Theresa Hoffer. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and, therefore, is not reconciled to GAAP. Now I’ll turn over the call to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Dennis, and good morning, and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our results. Net income of $225 million for the first quarter of 2023 rebounded from a net loss position for the same quarter a year ago. As gains and losses from securities still held in our equity portfolio run through net income, we’ll continue to experience these swings. Last year, we saw a reduction in portfolio fair value, and this year, we recognize a significant investment gain. We aren’t concerned with these quarterly fluctuations in our equity portfolio. We believe the value will continue to grow over the long-term. Currently, our equity portfolio holds $5.7 billion in appreciated value. Non-GAAP operating income of $141 million for the quarter was down $119 million from a year ago, including catastrophe losses that were $163 million higher on an after-tax basis. Our 100.7% first quarter 2023 property casualty combined ratio was 10.8 percentage points higher than last year’s first quarter driven by an increase of 11.0 points for catastrophe losses. Our first quarter 90.1% ex-cat accident year combined ratio was 0.8 percentage points worse than the same period a year ago, but 0.1 points better than the full 2022 ex-cat accident year combined ratio of 90.2% that we reported at our last conference call. Despite the increase in catastrophe losses and the persistency of elevated inflation effects, we see several reasons to be confident about performance for the remainder of the year. Pricing during the first quarter of this year was higher than the fourth quarter of last year for each major line of business. To help address inflation, we also make changes to factors that adjust premiums to account for rising property costs. On a current accident year basis, measured at March 31st before catastrophe losses, our 2023 consolidated property casualty loss and loss expense ratio improved from 2022 by 6.7 percentage points on a case incurred basis, which includes a 1.6 point improvement on a paid basis. However, we increased the incurred but not reported, or IBNR, component of the ratio by 9.2 points as we continue to recognize uncertainty regarding ultimate losses remaining prudent in our reserve estimates until longer-term loss cost trends become more clear. We also earned a small underwriting profit on our commercial umbrella line for the quarter, another positive given recent quarter challenges we and the industry have experienced in various casualty lines of business. We’re proud of our underwriters, who are working with Cincinnati’s appointed insurance agencies to overcome various challenges facing our industry. They continue to emphasize retention of profitable accounts addressing the ones that we determine have inadequate pricing while also seeking profitable new business. While the first quarter of last year was a record high for new business at that time and created a difficult comparison for growth this year, we believe our associates’ pricing and underwriting discipline was also a factor in our 14% reduction in commercial lines, new business written premiums in the first quarter of this year. Turning to net written premiums, the consolidated property casualty result rose 6% for the first quarter. That included a 10% increase in the first quarter renewal written premiums with a significant portion from higher levels of insured exposures as we factor in elevated inflation. Our Commercial Lines Insurance segment had estimated average renewal price increases near the high end of the mid-single digit range. Our Excess and Surplus Lines Insurance segment moved higher in the high-single digit range. And personalized average renewal price increases were in the mid-single digit range, including both auto and homeowner. As we previously disclosed, we expect premium rates will continue to rise for our personal auto line of business reaching a full year 2023 premium rate increase of approximately 10%. I’ll briefly highlight premium growth and profitability by insurance segment. Commercial lines grew first quarter 2023 net written premiums 4%. Its combined ratio was 8.1 percentage points higher than a year ago including 9.0 points from catastrophe losses. Personal lines grew net written premiums 20% largely from planned expansion of Cincinnati Private Client business for high net worth clients of our agencies. Its combined ratio was 28.6 percentage points higher than a year ago, including 23.0 points from catastrophe losses. Excess and Surplus Lines had a combined ratio of 89.9% with net written premiums growing 10%. Its combined ratio was 4.0 percentage points higher than a year ago, including a 16.0 point increase in the IBNR component. But both Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global had an impressive level of profitability for the first quarter of 2023. Cincinnati Re had a 79.6% combined ratio, while net written premiums decreased by 9%. We benefited from the firm reinsurance market. Our pricing is stronger relative to the risk we assumed and we tightened terms and conditions while also exercising underwriting discipline. We reallocated capacity to participations where seating companies selected higher loss retention levels and non-renewed certain quota share reinsurance treaties where we had previously assumed risk on a retrocessional basis. Cincinnati Global’s combined ratio was 87.5% with net written premium growing 25%. Our life insurance subsidiary had another good quarter with net income up 12% from last year’s first quarter in term life insurance earn premium growth of 4%. I’ll conclude as usual with the value creation ratio. Our primary measure of long-term financial performance, our first quarter 2023 VCR was 3.1%. Net income before investment gains or losses contributed 1.3% while favorable valuation of our investment portfolio added another 1.9%. Now our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell will comment on other key factors of our financial performance.
Mike Sewell: Thank you, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Investment income continued to grow of 14% for the first quarter 2023 versus last year and now pacing the 12% we reported for the fourth quarter. Dividend income increased by 2% for the quarter as dividend rates are increasing more slowly. Looking ahead to next quarter’s dividend growth, you may remember we received a $5 million special dividend from one of our stock holdings in last year’s second quarter. That will make for a tough comparison in the second quarter of 2023. Net equity security purchases for the first quarter totaled $18 million. Bond interest income was up 14% in the first quarter compared with the first quarter of 2022. We added more fixed maturity securities to our investment portfolio with net purchases totaling $303 million for the first three months of the year. The pre-tax average yield of 4.25% for the fixed maturity portfolio was 24 basis points higher than a year ago. The average pre-tax yield for the total of purchase taxable and tax exempt bonds during the first quarter 2023 was 6.18%. Valuation changes for our investment portfolio during the first quarter of 2023 were favorable in aggregate for both our stock and bond holdings. The overall net gain for the quarter was $269 million before tax effects. At the end of the quarter, total investment portfolio net appreciated value was approximately $5 billion. The equity portfolio was in a net gain position of $5.7 billion, while the fixed maturity portfolio was in a net loss position of $684 million. Cash flow continued to augment rising bond yields, helping to grow interest income. Cash flow from operating activities for the first three months of 2023 was $250 million up 26% from a year ago. Regarding expense management, we intend to appropriately balance controlling expenses with making strategic investments in our business. The first quarter 2023 property casualty underwriting expense ratio was 1.7 percentage points lower than last year. Most of the decrease was from a smaller ratio for accrued profit sharing commissions for agencies and related expenses. Moving on to loss reserves, we maintain a consistent approach that targets net amounts in the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of net loss and loss expense reserves. As we do each quarter, we consider new information such as paid losses and case reserves, and then updated estimated ultimate losses and loss expenses by accident year and line of business. During the first quarter of 2023, our net increase in property casualty loss, loss expense reserves was $271 million, including $266 million for the IBNR portion. We experienced $59 million of property casualty net favorable reserve development on prior accident years that benefited the combined ratio by 3.2 percentage points. On an all-lines basis by accident year, net reserve development for the first three months of 2023 included favorable $44 million for 2022, unfavorable $2 million for 2021, favorable $34 million for 2020 and unfavorable $17 million in aggregate for accident years prior to 2020. We remain steadfast in how we approach capital management and we repurchased shares that include maintenance intended to offset shares issued through equity compensation plans. We believe our financial flexibility is quite good and that we have excellent financial strength. During the first quarter of 2023, we repurchased nearly 202,000 shares at an average price per share of $123.84. As in the past, I’ll conclude with a summary of the first quarter contributions to book value per share. They represent the main drivers of our value creation ratio. Property casualty underwriting decreased book value by $0.05. Life insurance operations increased book value $0.12. Investment income other than life insurance and net of non-insurance items headed $0.46. Net investment gains and losses for the fixed income portfolio increased book value by $0.81. Net investment gains and losses for the equity portfolio increased book value by $0.53. And we declared $0.75 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value increase of $1.12 per share during the first quarter to $68.33 per share. And now, I’ll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thanks, Mike. Before we open the call for questions, I’d like to comment on some transitions within our Cincinnati Re team. Later in the first quarter, Managing Director and Head of Cincinnati Re, Jamie Hole resigned to pursue other interests. We thank Jamie for his significant contributions to our reinsurance business and for his work in assembling a strong team of seasoned reinsurance professionals. We wish him well with his motor sports ambitions and with any other future endeavors. Phil Sandercox, who has led our Casualty Reinsurance division since 2016 is now leading Cincinnati Re. Phil has more than 35 years of reinsurance experience, including leadership roles with Aspen Re America and Gen Re. We are all confident in the future of Cincinnati Re under Phil’s leadership and look forward to continuing to grow this aspect of our business over time. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Steve Soloria, Marc Schambow, and Theresa Hoffer. Marlee, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Greg Peters from Raymond James. Greg, please go ahead.
Greg Peters: Well, good morning, everyone.
Steve Johnston: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Peters: Yes. I’d like to begin, I was going through your press release and on Page 4, you talk about how the commercial lines average renewal pricing was near the high end of the mid single digit percent range. And then in the next sentence, and you commented this in your – in the prepared remarks, you talked about the 14% decrease in new business written by agencies. So it seems to be moving in two different directions, strong pricing or increasing pricing. And is it increased competition? Maybe you could give us a sense of why pricing’s holding up yet there’s more competition or for new business at least.
Steve Spray: Yes. Greg, thanks. Steve Spray here. First of all, on that higher end of the mid single digit range on average, I think the key to that for us as well, and I like to talk about it is just the segmentation that we have in the book. So the average, it certainly doesn’t tell the entire story. We’re segmenting the book. We’re getting more rate on those risks that we feel like we need more and then really focused on retaining those accounts that we feel we’ve got an adequate price on. Rates are still strong on the renewal book. And then to your question on new business, the field reps across the country whose primary responsibilities to underwrite and price new commercial lines business. They have just executed precisely the way we have wanted them to. And it is around underwriting and pricing discipline. We’ve got the tools for them to use per risk to know how their pricing is on our – on each one of those risks. And they’ve just been showing just great discipline on the pricing. So it’s – it is really around, I would say, price adequacy is where we’re feeling the pressure and competition I think from other markets.
Greg Peters: Just as a follow-up to that answer, is there any geographic areas that are seem to be running a little hotter from a competition standpoint or is it just fairly broad based?
Steve Spray: I would say, there are areas that get hotter than others from time to time, Greg. And the way we look at the business is we still think insurance – in commercial insurance is a local business. So we’ll have local competitors or regional competitors in probably almost every state where we do business. Obviously, we compete with the nationals as well. But yes, there are different jurisdictions that will run hotter or colder than others or you’ll see increased competition more so in a specific state than you will another, but it bounces around quite a bit, quite frankly.
Greg Peters: Yes. I guess, the second and another question I have is just like on the underlying margin in commercial, it seems like [indiscernible] inflation running there. I was going over your statistics and the commercial casualty property and auto. Can you talk about how you’re feeling about your reserve position and the inflation trends? Have you altered your inflation assumption rates for 2023 versus 2022, et cetera?
Steve Johnston: Greg, this is Steve Johnston. And I think, for your question, we still see inflation. We feel that we are in a good position in terms of, as Steve described, the – and I described in the set presentation, the increases that we are getting in terms of keeping pace and exceeding our loss cost inflation. Keep in mind for us, it’s always perspective. We’re basically always trying to look at data that we have, forecast out what we think will be the lost costs in prospective policy periods, and then do our best to charge premiums that cover those lost costs and provide our target profit returns. And we feel we’re in a good position to do that and also our underwriting. Everybody on the team is chipping in on this in terms of underwriting. Steve mentioned a segmentation, our book continues to shift to a mix that we feel is a mix that contains more of the policies with the high profit potential than the low profit potential. That’s an ongoing effort that we have and we feel very optimistic about our future prospects.
Greg Peters: Those are good points. Thanks for the answers.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Excuse me. Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski from BMO. Mike, please go ahead.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, great. Good morning. I guess, first question on stick with commercial lines and kind of talk about pricing versus exposure. So I feel like you and others have talked about updating replacement costs, which I believe is more on the property side to reflect the inflationary levels of inflation to per square foot to replace things. And am I correct that runs through exposure, not through pricing? And if so kind of, is there any numbers you can put around where you are in terms of getting your exposure levels to kind of be in line with the updated replacement costs? And is that also – is this phenomenon also driving up pure pricing exposure too. Thanks.
Steve Spray: Mike, again, Steve Spray. Great point and yes. For – guys, for quite a few quarters now, we have continued to – quite frankly, we’re always taking increases in the exposure on the property side and on the casualty side for that matter, you have wage inflation, you have increased sales on casualty. But on the property, we always are taking inflationary increases on property values. And as those have obviously increased or been persistent, we’ve increased those percentages. As far as a breakdown between net rate and exposure change on commercial property, I would say, it’s about 50-50 for the first quarter – I’ll just speak to the first quarter of 2023. But it’s about half and half rate and exposure. And I know you’re not asking this right on that specific question, but you have the same phenomenon in homeowner as you do commercial property.
Mike Zaremski: Got it. And so then back to the previous question, [indiscernible] if we think about your pricing and premium growth, it would – is it the premium growth decelerated a lot. Is – was there – is it just there were some tough comps or are you kind of – are there like some types of maybe corrective actions being taken to get the combined ratio down to lower levels? And then I know my next question is on the catastrophe load, so I don’t know if that delves into that too.
Steve Spray: Yes. I think – this is Steve Spray, again, Steve Johnston may want to weigh in here as well. I do think, yes, it is. It’s pricing and underwriting discipline that is showing up. Our retentions remained strong, but mix of business can change a bit. That can affect that, obviously, the new business being under a bit of pressure from our underwriting action and/or pricing. If you would note in the last several quarters, we’ve had some increased loss experience in umbrella, we’re taking corrective action as an example in our umbrella line of book, reducing capacity, increasing pricing, that’s putting pressure on the umbrella policy retention. So it’s a multitude of things. It’s a great question, but there’s a lot of moving parts there as you pointed out.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, great. And my final question was just, is it fair for us and I appreciate one of the reasons, we’re all in business is to protect against catastrophe losses. And so it’s just inherently going to be volatile. But the catastrophe levels, it feels like it’s been a bit of a trend higher than expected if I think over the last decade plus. So is it fair for us in our models to just look at an average of since these catastrophe losses by segment over we can do, we can go back 15 years or so. Is that the way you guys think about it? And I know there’s changing dynamics too with higher reinsurance costs too, which some companies have kind of told us, I know there’s still ongoing negotiations, but they’ve kind of hinted at we might be retaining more, which you guys gave some disclosure too, which could also increase the catastrophe load level. So any thoughts on whether Cinci is also kind of thinking that maybe catastrophe levels are expected to be a bit higher on a forward basis?
Steve Johnston: This is Steve Johnston. And Mike, the way we go about it and we don’t give guidance on the cats is we do a combination of looking at our past experience, the way you described it, but also using our models, the catastrophe models in terms of building the loads that we have in. And there is just volatility across time. I think one of the makeups of our business that might be different is that we have a more exposure to severe convective storm, which has a higher frequency, but lower severity distribution. And we have just seen more of that type of loss particularly here in the first quarter, but over a period of time. So we focus on the overall and realizing we’re going to have losses, whether they be cats or they’re in the ex-cat bucket and focus on making sure that we can keep that combined ratio to our target level. And I think we’ve been successful with it now with 11 years in a row with a combined ratio under 100. And so we’ll continue to take action to help mitigate the catastrophe losses in our underwriting and selection and so forth. I would say, since we did increase the retention on our cat program and talked about that in the last call, that would not have an impact on the cats that occurred in the first quarter of this year, they were all under $100 million, which was our retention prior to our change.
Mike Zaremski: Helpful, thank you.
Steve Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Newsome from Piper Sandler. Paul, please go ahead.
Paul Newsome: Good morning. Well, I was hoping first you could maybe dumb down for me, the IBNR increase in the quarter and where the pieces of that added conservativeness is coming from and just how we should – maybe just a little bit more of how you think we should interpret that piece in particular.
Mike Sewell: Paul, this is Mike. So let me – I’ll make a brief comment and then whether or not anyone else wants to add on to that. But for the IBNR for the quarter, we do lay that out really nicely, I think on Page 10 in the supplement. And so you obviously know that you can see from there that through March, we added $209 million of net loss IBNR, and that compared to an increase of $52 million through the same quarter of last year. The largest increase of that IBNR in the first quarter was related to the commercial casualty, which was about $101 million. We did add $50 million of IBNR between CGU and Cinci Re. We added some on the E&S $26 million there. And then also commercial auto, $24 million and homeowner, $21 million. Part of the $209 million in total that was added, there was a $19 million decrease in IBNR related to catastrophes. So we had some favorable development in there. But, of course, IBNR is only one ingredient to the entire loss combined ratio, et cetera, so – but that’s kind of a summary. And maybe, Steve, if you got anything else to tell.
Steve Johnston: Yes, excellent coverage by Mike there. And I thought I would also maybe talk a little bit about more, maybe a little more detail on the comment I made in my fixed talk about the current accident year quarter having an improvement on a case incurred basis. And when we speak case incurred, and I think it’s pretty common for the industry, it would be the paid losses plus the case reserve. And that’s where we saw – when we look at those two elements, a 6.7 percentage point improvement over the first quarter a year ago. However, we did add IBNR of 9.2% loss ratio points. So we think it’s a good point to make and that we see the improvement in the underlying case incurred ratio. But prudent as we always are with reserves as the – we recognize that the first accident quarter is very green. We did add a pretty substantial amount of IBNR. And so I think it gives us a good position and that we’re seeing improvement in the paid – in the case yet we’re still being true to our prudent reserving and the strong balance sheet that we always advocate. And actually, while it wasn’t in the script, the same would hold for our first quarter calendar year loss ratio improvement in the paid, improvement in the changing case. And we added about 10.5 points of IBNR. And so in total, it was up 1.7%. But kind of decomposing that total loss ratio into paid case IBNR and comparing it to the quarter prior. Just thought I give a little more color on that.
Paul Newsome: That’s great. And I apologize if I was just a little slow. Separate question. I think on the last earnings conference call, you folks mentioned that you thought that the company was capable this year getting in sort of mid to low 90s combined ratio. Maybe you could square those comments with what happened in the actual results in the first quarter. And should we think about the remainder of the year differently, given what happened in the fourth quarter? Just to kind of maybe square those comments with what happened and how we should think about it prospectively.
Steve Johnston: Sure, Paul. And you’re never slow on anything. You always are on top of things. We still feel confident in the same guidance that we gave. The last time, I think, catastrophe losses are a little higher than we would have probably anticipated for our first quarter, but we still have three quarters to go. And with all the positives we see happening in terms of pricing, segmentation, underwriting, loss control, the whole team effort that we’re putting forth, we still stand by the same guidance.
Paul Newsome: Great, thanks. Appreciate the help as always.
Steve Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: We now have a question from Meyer Shields from KBW. Mayer, please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Great, thanks and good morning all. First question, I guess, it seems like at 1/1, there was no shortage of well-priced property premium reinsurance premium available for anyone that wanted it. And we didn’t see or we saw the decline in reinsurance premiums I don’t know breakdown between property and other lines. But I was hoping you could sort of describe your current appetite for – specifically for cat reinsurance business.
Steve Johnston: Yes, excellent question. The net written premium for Cincinnati Re was down. I think it was due to intentional action that we took in a couple of areas. One, we were assuming business retrocessional business. And as part of a re-underwriting effort or looking at the Cincinnati Re book, we didn’t feel that we wanted to do that anymore. And so, we exited doing property retrocession assuming. And that premium decrease really represented all of the decrease in the Cincinnati Re premium for the quarter as a result of not – no longer doing property retrocession reinsurance. We also – as we look at each contract quantitatively, qualitatively and look at the risk reward, felt that we were best served to go higher as other companies increase their retention the way we did, those that we were reinsuring we’re doing the same. We stayed with those at better rates, better terms and conditions I’d say, on that property part, strong double-digit increases. And so, with the reinsurance business, it’s profit first and we are looking at every avenue of growing and growing profitably. This quarter we thought we needed to take some action there with the retrocessions. But we are very confident on a go-forward basis of continued growth as you kind of suggest in your question, it’s out there. We have a talented, very talented team that is well positioned to take advantage of the opportunities.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That’s helpful. I really appreciate the clarification. Second question, this is more of a process question. We’re hearing a lot of discussion of catastrophe exposed primary property moving from admitted paper to an E&S market. And I was wondering, within Cincinnati, is there like a official capability to transfer that program from your admitted segments to E&S?
Steve Spray: Meyer, Steve Spray. With E&S business, the – I guess the official process is, is every state is a little different. When you have an account that’s admitted, you need to typically get a certain number of admitted market declinations before you can export that to the non-admitted market. And so I think to answer your question, if I don’t hit it, follow up on that with me, but to just move something from our admitted market into non-admitted you cannot do that. You need to get the – you need to follow the – what they call a diligent search to do that. That being said, we are – our E&S business CSU is about 90% casualty. We are writing an increased amount of homeowner business on an excess of surplus basis. And I think we’re doing an excellent job providing our agents and the policyholders in their communities with alternatives and with capacity in areas that are maybe a little more just – they’re prone to an E&S solution. And I think we’ve been able to be very nimble, very flexible and really step up for our agents and – on E&S on all fronts. So hopefully, that answers your question.
Meyer Shields: It does, very thoroughly. Thank you. And then one final question. And it’s going to sound like nitpicking, so I apologize in advance. But Steve Johnston was – in introductory comments you talked about uncertainty over loss trends. And I guess I was wondering whether it’s actual uncertainty or whether we’re seeing practically speaking, in casualty lines like real signs of loss trends just maybe the word uncertainty surprised me.
Steve Johnston: Yes. I think uncertainty had to do with when you’re making trends coming out of the pandemic and the time period that you look at and when you look at increasing inflation in different areas and how it’s evolving, social inflation, I think economic conditions in terms of what one might expect in terms of a possible recession, just all the various different things of uncertainty that go into it. It was more of a, I think, a general statement, Meyer.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Thank you for your patience and for clarifications.
Steve Johnston: No, that’s – it’s a good question. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Dwelle from RBC. Mark, please proceed.
Mark Dwelle: Yes, good morning. I think what I want to try to do is just knit together some of the things that we’ve been talking about already this morning and in the 10-K or the – hello?
Steve Johnston: We’re here. We’re here. Can you hear us?
Mark Dwelle: Okay. Yes, I was getting some echo. In the 10-Q, there’s a comment with respect to the commercial umbrella that kind of added – it suggested that it added about 1 point to the commercial lines combined ratio in the quarter. It also suggested in the same subsequent paragraph that there was a substantial IBNR add. And then I think you said in your opening remarks that you’re kind of pleased with the fact that, that line had become profitable this quarter after – that was a line that had been difficult over the last several quarters and certainly gave rise to some reserve adds earlier last year. So I guess what I wanted to try to ask is maybe using that particular line as a lens, what are you trying to communicate there? Is this a line that you like or a line that is rehabilitating? I guess I feel like there’s a lot of different noise going on and the different things that you’re trying to communicate there.
Steve Johnston: Yes. I guess, cutting right to the chase, it is a line that we like. It is a line that we saw a challenge last year. It is a line where we’ve taken corrective action on multiple fronts, and we see it in an improving fashion now. And it did produce a small underwriting profit for the first quarter that we were happy to see. And so I think the most important point is it’s been a line of business that has been good to us for decades in terms of growth and profitability, and we think it will in the future and that it’s needed a little bit more attention here of late and that we’ve given it that attention.
Mark Dwelle: And then – and so the drag that it’s producing on the overall combined ratio, is that exclusively the result of the IBNR add? Or is that just reflective of the fact of where it is in its, I’ll call it, rehabilitation cycle that it had been a bigger drag, and now it is a smaller drag even with an IBNR add?
Steve Johnston: That’s right. And it is, I think, comparing to our ex-cat combined ratio that when we talk about the deterioration.
Mark Dwelle: Right, of course. Okay. Yes. And I think you had commented earlier about some of the pricing action. Can you give a general idea of where – I know the overall growth in the line was about 10% on the premium side, what the – where the range of pricing improvement on that is?
Mike Sewell: Yes. Yes. Mark, I would say that that the price – that’s almost exclusively price in that 10%.
Mark Dwelle: Okay. So we’re really not – so the exposure is probably flat to even maybe declining a little bit. And the rate is really everything that’s happening there?
Mike Sewell: That’s correct.
Mark Dwelle: Got it. Okay. The second thing, I – again, this is building on a question you just answered for Meyer. I just wanted to make sure I kind of got that right. As far as the decline in premium in the reinsurance unit, it sounds like it’s ultimately sort of two things. One being that you’ve exited some portion of the retro, the property retro market. And the second is that you’re higher in the tower. So accordingly, you’re getting less premium and accordingly in theory should be taking more distant exposure all else equal. So if I reached the right conclusion on that, you have net reduced your overall CAT and property exposure as a result of the underwriting actions you’re taking there.
Steve Johnston: That’s exactly right. And Mark, probably well state more – better stated than I did.
Mark Dwelle: I had the advantage of being able to listen to the answer first. All right. And then I – one more question that I wanted to talk about and this is on the personal line side, and it’s also going to be a catastrophe related kind of question. So you had 30 points of current period CAT exposure. In my recollection that’s among the highest ever for that, that segment of the business. As you think about the 30 points that you had and I – we know that there’s a certain number of events in the quarter. When I think about that number should – is that a product of the particular geographies that were impacted? Was it a product of the changes that you’ve made and where your reinsurance attaches and how that coverage operates? Or was it a change in the fact that you’re writing a lot more high net worth homeowners and accordingly, pound for pound if the tornado hits $1 million house, that’s a bigger impact than if it hits a $500,000 house? Which of those pieces I guess dominates as far as why that number was quite as large as it was?
Steve Johnston: Yes. I would say, first off, I wanted to clarify that it didn’t have to do with us buying less reinsurance. And that for those that occurred in the first quarter, each of them were under $100 million, which was our retention in 2022. So our raising our retention did not impact that any. I think that it was just widespread. I think that for the third quarter in a row, we had one that happened on virtually the last day of the quarter, which makes it a little bit tougher to estimate in the timeframes we have to estimate them, which leads to a little bit of uncertainty still saying we made our best estimate in the – in our claims. People do a great job of being out there and on the spot and making estimates, but it was just a widespread quarter where there were a lot of catastrophes that that affected us.
Mark Dwelle: Okay. So if I’m hearing you’re right on that, it’s sort of a frequency plus maybe a little extra scoop of conservatism just because it was right at the end of the quarter.
Steve Johnston: Certainly on the frequency, I’m hoping that way on the extra scoop. But we do go with our best estimate and we’ll have to wait and see how that one plays out. I might have tipped my hand a little bit to my personal thoughts on that.
Mark Dwelle: Alrighty then. I’ll stop there. Thanks for the answers.
Steve Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Grace Carter from Bank of America. Grace, please go ahead.
Grace Carter: Hi everyone.
Steve Johnston: Hi Grace.
Grace Carter: So new business written has been pretty strong and personal lines for the past several quarters, I was just wondering how that’s trended relative to expectations as you’ve ramped up rate increases and how you see that progressing over the course of the year as you continue to do so. And if there’s just any differences you’re expecting this pricing cycle versus previous periods where you’ve needed higher rate just given the increased tilt towards high net worth business. Thanks.
Steve Spray: Grace, Steve Spray, great question. I think a lot of the growth that you’re seeing in personal lines is our continued growth in the high net worth area. I would also add that we’re now about as a company, we’re about 50% high net worth or private client and 50% middle market. And we think that gives us an advantage in the marketplace for our agents. And over the last several years, personal lines was taking necessary corrective action, primarily in the middle market space pretty tough action in some specific states. And that put a lot of pressure on growth over time. And we think we’ve got that turned. And so that now bottoming out and coming back up has helped us with growth in personal lines. I would also add that we have continued to improve in pricing sophistication in personal lines that’s contributing there as well. I might add that, and Steve mentioned it in his script of what we’re doing with rate increases and as those continue to come in to the written premium and then also as over a longer period of time as they continue to earn, I would expect that it’s going to put some pressure on our new business growth.
Grace Carter: Thank you. And just one more quick question, is there anything worth calling out from the recent reforms in Florida in the results this quarter?
Steve Spray: Again, Grace, this is Steve Spray. I would say that we look at the changes in Florida just on the surface as very positive. We think it’s a move in the right direction, but I think it is far too early to tell how that’s going to play out. Well, we think it’s promising something we’re going to watch very closely, but probably too early to draw any conclusions.
Grace Carter: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Mike Zaremski with a follow-up at BMO. Mike, please go ahead.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, thanks. Let me re-up [ph]. I guess, you gave us some good color on the paid loss ratios improving a bit, which we can also do the math ourselves. I guess, so you didn’t umbrella that issue on a commercial umbrella which popped up last year. It’s – you guys didn’t specifically mention it. Is – do you feel that the trends you’re seeing are normalizing commercial auto for the industry too and for everyone seems to be kind of getting worse again with social inflation potentially. Or maybe it’s just coming on the severity side. So just kind of curious, so pricings moving in the right direction, seems like the paid loss ratio moving in the right direction. But do you – maybe you could touch on commercial auto and umbrella and do you feel like industry-wide pricing is moving in the right direction because loss costs are also kind of moving a bit higher?
Steve Johnston: Yes. This is Steve Johnston. Good question, Mike. I do think that we’re taking the appropriate action. I do think that we’re seeing a little bit more of a normalization of the trends in umbrella. However, I want to be cautionary in that it’s still for us volume wise, it’s a low frequency, high severity line for us. So it is going to have noise from time to time and that makes the trends a little bit harder. But I do think that we’re seeing the action that we’re taking both on the pricing and underwriting side having a positive effect. And I would say basically the same thing for commercial auto. It’s an area where we’ve paid good attention to over a long period of time and I think we’re on the right track and feel optimistic about it.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. And that’s helpful. And maybe last follow-up, just because since you has best-in-class disclosure on the property side, both on commercial and personal lines, is it fair to look at a ratio excluding large losses and then looking at the action you’re that way because it – if you do that the action your loss ratio is up on the property lines. Any thoughts there?
Steve Johnston: Yes. I think and thank you for the complement on the transparency and the disclosure. I think what we like to do is lay it out there with as much detail for you so that different people, different analysts have different ways that they go about making their forecast. And so if you want to do something ex-CAT ex-large loss and then build in a kind of a long-term provision for both, or you want to do it just ex-CAT build in a long-term provision for ex-CAT, you can do it that way. So we just basically try to lay out as much detail as we can for you be as transparent as possible and give you as much information as we can so that you can do your jobs well.
Mike Zaremski: And so if we do that the underlying ratios and property have been getting going higher, getting worse is that why there’s corrective actions being taken and pricings moving higher and is that a fair way of looking at things and why you’re getting more exposure to re-price on the replacement costs is just trying to see if that’s – that ratio is okay for us to look at as the trend still looks like it. It’s not improving at this point.
Steve Johnston: Yes. No, we have been taking the rate and property and corrective action and property for some time. We do our rate indications in terms of where we’re getting the rate, we feel comfortable as we do our forecasts on the property line. We’re getting solid rate increases, solid increase in terms of the exposures that Steve mentioned earlier. Really looking at our underwriting as well improving on our technology and just really addressing it at all in all fronts and feel pretty good about the way we’re going.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Understood. Thanks for answering a number of tough questions. Thank you.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Johnston for any closing remarks.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Marlee. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. We hope to see some of you at our Annual Meeting of Shareholders on Saturday May 6 at the Cincinnati Art Museum. You’re also welcome to listen to our webcast of the meeting available at cinfin.com/investors, and we look forward to speaking with you again on our second quarter call. Have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending Cincinnati Financial’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-07 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Cincinnati Financial Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. Please go ahead.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel at Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter and full year 2022 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our year-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you'll first hear from Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Johnston; and then from Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including President, Steve Spray, and Cincinnati Insurance's Chief Investment Officer, Steve Solaria, Chief Claims Officer, Mark Schambow, and Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance, Theresa Hoffer. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. Now I'll turn over the call to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our results. We see positive momentum in several areas and are bullish (ph) about our future prospects despite 2022 financial results that were somewhat below our expectations. Challenges during the year included elevated inflation and higher losses from natural catastrophe events for us and the property casualty industry, in addition to the market volatility affecting the valuation of investment portfolios. Our experience in managing adversity, coupled with the company's financial strength allows us to maintain a long-term view and supports our confidence as we execute our plans. Net income for the fourth quarter of 2022 was just over $1 billion, that's 31% or $457 million less than last year's outstanding fourth quarter, largely due to $307 million less benefit on an after-tax basis in the fair value of securities held in our equity portfolio. Non-GAAP operating income of $202 million for the fourth quarter was down $118 million from a year ago, including catastrophe losses that were $66 million higher on an after-tax basis. Our 94.9% fourth quarter property casualty combined ratio was 10.7 percentage points higher than the 84.2% for the fourth quarter of last year, which was amongst the best combined ratios we've ever recorded. We think longer-term comparisons are also important. On a current accident year basis, excluding catastrophe losses, our 90.2% combined ratio compares favorably with each of the five years prior to 2020 and was 1.5 percentage points better than the average for that period with each accident year measured as of the respective year-end. On a calendar year basis, our 2022 combined ratio experienced a larger negative impact from catastrophe losses than in 2021, as they increased 4.2 percentage points for the fourth quarter and 1.2 points for the year. Inflation also pressured our combined ratio throughout 2022, contributing to less favorable results for both the current accident year and for reserve development on prior accident years as we have increased reserves for estimated ultimate losses. We've responded with actions to improve underwriting selection and pricing, including premium rate increases and increased expectations by underwriters as they factor inflationary trends into areas such as risk selection criteria, pricing of policies and adjusting premium factors for changes in exposure. We believe we can successfully balance prudent underwriting and business growth to improve results next year with a 2023 GAAP combined ratio in the low to mid-90% range. We also believe our 2023 property casualty premium growth rate can be 8% or more. We recognize that weather and significant changes in industry market conditions that influence insurance policy pricing trends or some of the variables that will affect the property casualty results we ultimately report. In recent quarters, we've noted that commercial umbrella loss experience has been elevated. Although, still elevated in the fourth quarter, it was to a less degree than earlier in 2022. While recent profitability for our commercial umbrella business is not as strong as we previously estimated after strengthening reserves during 2020. The average combined ratio for the years 2018 through 2022 is still good, below 85% on a calendar year basis and below 90% on an accident year basis with development through year end 2022. Overall premium growth was very good and continues to incorporate pricing segmentation. Our underwriters work to retain and write more profitable accounts while also addressing ones that we determine have inadequate pricing. They do an excellent job serving Cincinnati Insurance appointed agencies that are outstanding at producing business for us. Consolidated property casualty net written premiums rose 10% for the fourth quarter and 13% for the full year 2022, that includes a 13% increase in fourth quarter renewal written premiums with a significant portion from higher levels of insured exposures as we factor in elevated inflation. In addition to exposures increases, our Commercial Lines Insurance segment continued to experience estimated average renewal price increases in the mid-single digit percentage range, higher than the third quarter. Our Excess and Surplus Lines Insurance segment continued in the high-single digit range. Personal lines average renewal price increases were at the high end of the low-single digits with both auto and homeowner higher than in the third quarter. As we previously disclosed, we expect premium rates for our personal auto line of business will continue to rise. Based on our rate filings that have averaged low double-digit rate increases for policies effective beginning January 1, 2023, we expect the full year 2023 personal auto written premium effect will be an average premium rate increase of approximately 10%. Policy retention rates improved from year end 2021 with our Commercial Lines segment moving higher in the upper 80% range. In our Personal Lines segment, rising to the low to mid-90% range. Moving on to highlight premium growth and profitability by Insurance segment. The Commercial Lines segment grew both fourth quarter and full year 2022 net written premiums 9%. Its combined ratio for both the quarter and full year 2022 was approximately 99%. That's above where we aim for and reflects elevated inflation effects and catastrophe losses that were higher than a year ago. For our personal lines segment, net written premium grew 16% for the quarter and 15% for the full year 2022, as we continued our planned expansion of high net worth business produced by our agencies. Its full year combined ratio was approximately 99% and reflected elevated inflation effects and is likewise above our near-term profit target. We have confidence that our proven long-term strategy and near-term actions we have taken will blend to improve results for both commercial and personal lines. Our Excess and Surplus Line segment finished the year with a 90.4% combined ratio, a good result, combined with 2022 net written premium growing 18%. Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global each had another year of healthy growth. Cincinnati Re grew full year 2022 net written premiums by 27% with a combined ratio of 97.4%. Cincinnati Global had a 2022 combined ratio of 88.9% with net written premiums growing 23%. Our life insurance subsidiary continued its good performance with full year 2022 net income of $66 million, up 50% from a year ago and term life insurance earned premiums grew by 5%. On January 1 of this year, we again renewed each of our primary property casualty treaties that transfer part of our risk to reinsurers. Our strong capital supports retaining additional risk and managing cost of rising reinsurance ceded premiums. For our per risk treaties, terms and conditions for 2023 are fairly similar to 2022, other than premium rate increases that averaged approximately 13%. The primary objective of our property casualty treaty -- catastrophe treaty is to protect our balance sheet. The treaty's main change this year is retaining a greater share of losses for layers of coverage than what was effect for 2022, while adding $92 million of coverage in a new layer between $900 million and $1.1 billion. In 2023, we'll retain all of the first $200 million of losses and the share of the next $900 million for a catastrophe event compared with 2022 when we retained the first $100 million and the share of the next $800 million. Should we experience a 2023 catastrophe event totaling $1.1 billion in losses, we'll retain $542 million compared with $499 million in 2022 for an event of that magnitude. We expect 2023 ceded premiums for these treaties in total to be approximately $130 million, approximately $16 million or 14% higher than the actual $114 million of ceded premiums for these treaties in 2022. Our investment department continued to perform quite well, and Mike will provide some details. Investments is another area where we like to keep an eye on longer-term trends. For example, for the five years ended with 2022, our equity portfolio, compound annual total shareholder return was 11.1%, 170 basis points better than the S&P 500 Index. I'll conclude with the value creation ratio, our primary measure of long-term financial performance. Net income before investment gains or losses contributed favorably to VCR 2.1% for the fourth quarter and 5.2% for the full year 2022. The contribution from valuation of our investment portfolio was mixed, 10.5% favorable for the quarter, but unfavorable by 19.4% for the year due to challenges for both the stock and bond markets. A positive VCR of 12.8% for the quarter improved our 2022 full year VCR to negative 14.6%. Although that's below our expectations for a typical year, the 11.2% annual average over the past five years is within our annual average target range of 10% to 13%. Now our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, will add comments about several other important points for evaluating our financial performance.
Michael Sewell: Thank you, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Investment income continued to grow at an outstanding pace, up 12% for the fourth quarter and 9% for full year 2022 compared with the same periods of last year. Dividend income rose 7% for the quarter. Net equity securities purchased during 2022 totaled $36 million. Bond interest income was up 11% in the fourth quarter. The pretax average yield of 4.16% for the fixed maturity portfolio was 17 basis points higher than a year ago. The average pretax yield for the total of purchased taxable and tax-exempt bonds continue to rise to 5.01% during full year 2022. We continue to emphasize investing in fixed maturity securities with net purchases during the year totaling $788 million. Valuation changes for our investment portfolio during the fourth quarter of 2022 were favorable in aggregate for both our stock and bond holdings. The overall net gain for the quarter was nearly $1.3 billion before tax effects, including an additional $230 million of unrealized gains in our bond portfolio. At the end of 2022, total investment portfolio net appreciated value was approximately $4.7 billion. The equity portfolio was in a net gain position of $5.5 billion, while the fixed maturity portfolio was in a net loss position of $847 million. Cash flow, in addition to rising bond yields contributed to the 7% increase in interest income we reported for the year. Cash flow from operating activities for full year 2022 generated almost $2.1 billion, a record high amount, up 4% from a year ago. For the fourth quarter of this year, it rose 36%. Turning to expense management. Our objective is to appropriately balance expense control with continuing to make strategic investments in our business. The full year 2022 property casualty underwriting expense ratio was 0.2 percentage points lower than last year reflecting lower accruals for agency profit-sharing commissions. Regarding loss reserves, our approach remains consistent and target net amounts in the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of net loss and loss expense reserves. We have now had $34 million of net favorable development on prior accident years. As we do each quarter, we consider new information such as paid losses and case reserves and then updated estimated ultimate losses and loss expenses by accident year and line of business. During 2022, our net increase in the property casualty loss and loss expense reserves was $1.029 billion, a 15% increase from the net reserve balance at year end 2021. The IBNR portion of that reserve addition was $765 million a further indication of the quality of our balance sheet. For full year 2022, we experienced $159 million of property casualty net favorable reserve development on prior accident years that benefited the combined ratio by 2.3 percentage points. Of that $159 million in net favorable development, $25 million of the net unfavorable amount from our commercial casualty lines of business, including an unfavorable $41 million for commercial umbrella and a net favorable $16 million for other coverages included in commercial casualty. On an all-lines basis by accident year, net reserve development for the full year 2022 included favorable $96 million for 2021, favorable $124 million for 2020, unfavorable $72 million for 2019 and a favorable $11 million in aggregate for accident years prior to 2019. Our approach to capital management also remains consistent, and we repurchased shares that include maintenance intended to offset shares issued through equity compensation plans. We still believe we have plenty of flexibility and also believe that our financial strength is in great shape. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we repurchased just over 101,000 shares at an average price per share of $109.55. As in the past, I'll conclude with a summary of the fourth quarter contributions to book value per share. They represent the main drivers of our value creation ratio. Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.47. Life insurance operations increased book value $0.10. Investment income, other than life insurance and net of non-insurance items added $0.83. Net investment gains and losses for the fixed income portfolio increased book value per share by $1.14. Net investment gains and losses for the equity portfolio increased book value by $5.15. And we declared $0.69 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value increase of $7 per share during the fourth quarter to $67.01 per share. Now I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thanks, Mike. We faced a number of challenges in 2022 and still recorded an underwriting profit for our insurance business. That result bolsters our belief that we'll see future benefits from our efforts to continually refine pricing precision and segmentation and our efforts to expand our geographic footprint and produce -- and product offerings. When you consider our financial strength, our experienced service-oriented associates and our Premier Agency force, I'm confident we'll be able to continue delivering shareholder value far into the future. Our Board of Directors shares that confidence and expressed it by increasing our quarterly cash dividend 9% last month, setting the stage for a 63 year of rising dividend payments. So that's not just paying the dividend for 63 straight years. That sets the stage for increasing the dividend for a 63 consecutive year. We believe that's a record that can only be matched by seven other publicly traded U.S. companies. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Steve Soloria, Marc Schambow and Theresa Hoffer. Cole, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from Paul Newsome with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead. Hello, Paul. Perhaps your line is muted.
Paul Newsome: Good morning.
Steve Johnston: Good morning, Paul. No worries.
Paul Newsome: Congratulations on the year and the quarter.
Steve Johnston: Thank you.
Paul Newsome: I was hoping you could give us a little bit more color on investment income, which given the higher interest rates, your view on how much the portfolio yield could improve over the course of the year? And any thoughts on changing or different -- the allocation that you've had the last many years here in terms of buys versus equities and what you're doing within those fixed income as well?
Steve Soloria: Paul, this is Steve Soloria here. Just in terms of moving forward, the allocation will remain virtually the same. We've taken advantage of the increase in rates over the course of the year to our benefits. We'll continue to do so, but we'll try and maintain an even keel and stay disciplined in our allocation moving forward. In terms of last year, as mentioned previously, the aggregates or kind of blended rate for the year was about 5%. Comparing that year-over-year, a year ago, we were at about 3.5%. So we picked up about 150 basis points on purchases over the year. Looking forward, as the Fed begins to hopefully slow down the rate increases, we'll probably see a bit of a pullback in the purchase yield moving forward, but we think we've booked some pretty nice yields over the course of the year, which will benefit us for the next eight to 10 years.
Paul Newsome: Maybe as a second question, can you give us some further thoughts on claims inflation for the commercial line side of the house. Obviously, social inflation is top of mind to everyone in the business. And do you think the uptick in what you're doing with pricing is sufficient to overcome what you perceive as the prospective inflation improves.
Steve Johnston: Yeah. Thanks, Paul. This is Steve. And we do see the inflation. As we just mentioned, have had our reserves developed favorably now for 34 years. And as a part of that, we try to be very prospective as we look at how we set our reserves and our pricing and be very prudent about it. And we do think that we are in a position for our rates to keep pace and exceed inflation. And I think that comes from a combination of the pure net rates that our net rate increases I went over in my fixed part of the call here and also exposure increases that we're getting both in personal and commercial lines.
Paul Newsome: So do you think the underlying claims inflation is essentially less than combination of the exposure benefit plus the pure rate or do you think it's actually even lower than the pure rate at this point?
Steve Johnston: I think the combination of the two, they're both kind of intertwined in terms of the overall premium that we're able to charge. And the exposure base does contemplate to a certain degree, the inflation and building costs and so forth.
Paul Newsome: Thank you. Always appreciate the help guys. [Multiple Speakers]
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: And our next question will come from Mike Zaremski with BMO. Please go ahead.
Mike Zaremski: Hey. Thanks. Good afternoon, everybody. This first question -- thank you for the commentary about the reinsurance renewals and I’ll limit, I need, I’ll need to kind of sit down and think through it on paper a bit more. So I'm asking this comes on the slide. But if I think back to historical guidance you've given us on the catastrophe load, I found back in '18, you kind of talked about 6 points to 7 points. Obviously, over the last few years, it's been, I think, directionally closer to 10, but it could be a bit off on the math. So kind of I guess, just given what the increased retentions and what way you just kind of discuss, should we become of splitting those two and thinking the new normal with what's going on in reinsurance is going to cause the catastrophe load to be kind of between the historical guidance and kind of what your last few years have been or just any help there would be great?
Steve Johnston: Sure, Mike. This is Steve again. And I think what we really focus on is the loss ratio points. And what we've done really over a decade or more is to model all of our losses. And what we've been able to do is to push our accident year ex-cat down over a number of years. And that puts -- and then we also have grown our balance sheet significantly. And that puts us in a position, I think, that's enviable right now as reinsurance rates rise and that we can look at what we think we're getting in terms of price adequacy on our book, as well as protection of our balance sheet through our CAT program. And so while we don't give guidance on a cat loss ratio, I think that we do feel that we're in a good position in terms of the overall in managing both our accident year ex-cat showing 34 years of favorable reserve development and also managing our cat exposure across the company.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. That's I guess just then in the past, you've talked about the combined ratio target low to mid-90s. And also in the past, I'm talking about kind of 95 to 100. Is the -- just to be clear, is there is, one like more of a short-term versus a long-term target or has there anything changed given what's taking place with the insurance costs or maybe higher investment income is an offset to how you think about the mine ratio?
Steve Johnston: You're right. Nothing has changed. The 95 to 100 is a longer-term target through all cycles in the low to mid-90s is what we're looking for in the shorter term for 2023.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Got it. And just maybe sticking -- moving to the commercial side of the portfolio. It feels like there's -- on the commercial property side, you're readjusting exposure and you'll get in front of that in terms of pushing rate on the commercial property side to get in front of inflationary trends. You said on the commercial umbrella side, though, that things remain elevated, but not as elevated as kind of how you had re-upped your loss picks in previous quarters. Anything you've learned kind of over the last three months on the commercial umbrella side piece of the business that has given you insights into maybe kind of the need to just re-shift the portfolio or anything that's maybe been distinct to CINCI and maybe not just reflective of the overall industry's social inflationary issues?
Steve Spray: Yeah. Mike, Steve Spray. Great question. I really do think the driver is the elevated inflation effects that we're seeing. We look at -- as I've commented on the past, we look at every single large loss and just see if we can see any trends whatsoever, it still seems to be rather random in that umbrella excess line. Like we said last quarter, though, all hands on deck. The entire book needs rate. We are getting rate into the book to cover that inflation. But we underwrite every single risk on its own merits. And the vast, vast majority of the umbrella or excess policies we write. As a company, we write the underlying too. So we know the risk. We underwrite each risk, like I said, on its own merits, and we are looking at each risk, the pricing, the terms, conditions. We look at specific venues, specific fleets. So to determine how much capacity we want to put out there. So it's a -- and again, it's a risk by risk scenario that we do, but it needs -- the book needs of rate.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. And maybe lastly on growth and maybe sticking with commercial lines, thinking about the growth outlook you laid out in the prepared remarks. Is there anything incremental that's coming from any initiatives that you would want to call out? I believe there's a -- about a small commercial BOP initiative or I'm sure there's other initiatives too or is it really just mostly pushing exposure adjustments and maybe some pricing power through '23?
Steve Spray: I think it's -- again, Steve here, Mike. I think it's all of the above. I think it's exposure. I think it is rate. Steve alluded to, our retentions remain strong. You talked about our small business platform we call synergy that rollout is going extremely well. That's feedback from our agents, still pretty early in the game, but the rollout is going rapidly. We couldn't be happier with that. So we see a lot of good prospects there. Our E&S company continues to produce outstanding profitable results and strong growth. Personal lines, you see the growth there has been very, very strong as well, both on the high net worth and middle market. And I think we're confident and feel good that we're in a good position in personal lines and that we're a strong player, both middle market and now high net worth. High net worth is about 51% of our total premium. So the growth trajectory there has been extraordinary too.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Exciting things. Thank you for the answers.
Steve Spray: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: And our next question will come from Mark Dwelle with RBC. Please go ahead.
Mark Dwelle: Yeah. Good morning. A couple of questions. First, this is just kind of a numbers question. The level of dividend income within total investment income was up a little bit in the quarter and also for the full year. Is there anything in particular that is driving that other than -- I mean, I don't think average corporate rate dividend increases have been as high as 12%, but maybe they are.
Steve Soloria: Mark, this is Steve Solaria. We did have a couple of unique factors over the course of the year. We did have two companies pay special dividends. LyondellBasell paid on early in the year, which was about $5 million. And then in December, CME usually pays a special dividend, but the dividend that they paid this year was well in excess of what we had expected. So those two special dividends really, really factored into the increase in dividend income year-over-year.
Mark Dwelle: Okay. Thanks for that. And the second question, this is just a reiteration, I guess. Steven, I think it was in your comments talking about the reinsurance treaty, it's something and I'm just trying to write what I heard. So if you -- on a $1 billion of total losses, you would have $542 million of exposure in the new treaty versus $499 million. Is that -- that's $1 billion of aggregate losses or is that a single event loss?
Steve Johnston: Yeah. No, good question, and I will clarify that a bit. So I wanted to make sure to kind of put things on an apples-to-apples comparison. So this year's program 2023 goes up to $1.1 billion. And so we have moved up a bit as our equity has grown, our GAAP equity has grown, our premium has grown, we feel we are in a position to move the program up a bit, but we wanted to buy more at the top end. So to put it kind of on an apples-to-apples basis, I used a hypothetical $1.1 billion loss for both years 2023 and 2022. And you're right on for the 2023 year, we would have $542 million of exposure. So that would include the $200 million up to the attachment point plus co-participations and that compares with $499 million for 2022 -- in the 2022 program.
Mark Dwelle: And then, again, just to clarify, that's on an aggregate basis for the full year or that's on a per event loss?
Steve Johnston: Per event.
Mark Dwelle: Per event. Got it. So if there were $2 billion storms -- your two storms that cost Cincinnati Financial $1 billion in a year, then it would be double each of those respective figures, again, just for comparison.
Steve Johnston: Right. We have reinstatement provisions in the contracts.
Mark Dwelle: Right. Of course. Okay. All right. Thanks for that. And then another question just -- can you remind me within Cincinnati Re, what proportion of that business is property and property catastrophe oriented as compared to being specialty or liability lines?
Steve Johnston: Yes. I have it. And you know it's interesting. We don't necessarily target a given percentage, but our 2022 full year in our inception to date are really pretty close. And for property, both from 2022 and inception to date, it's a little over 30% of the premium. For casualty, it's right in that 55% range. And for specialty, it's a little over 15% for the year in a little bit lower than that for the year-to-date, probably about 13%. So across time, it's been very consistent in that 30 plus range for property 53-ish for casualty and 15% or so for -- they didn't quite add up. I better make it get to 100%, so more like 30%, 55% and 15% across time.
Mark Dwelle: Any outlook you'd like to share on how your January 1 renewals might skew those percentages?
Steve Johnston: No. I think it's a little early on the January 1's, but -- it's one nice thing as buyers of reinsurance, we're seeing the cost go up. It's almost like a little bit of a hedge in that we have Cincinnati Re, we've got very talented people there, very experienced people, and you see that shining through in a market like this. And they are benefiting from the firming rates and firming terms and conditions that you read about.
Mark Dwelle: Okay. Appreciate that. Thanks for the answers.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Mark.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Greg (ph) Carter with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Grace Carter: Hi, everyone.
Steve Johnston: Good morning, Grace.
Grace Carter: Good morning. I'm thinking about the guidance for 8% plus premium growth in 2023. Like we keep hearing about potential for a macro slowdown. I was just wondering if you could go over the macro assumptions that underpin that guidance.
Steve Johnston: Yeah. That's a good point. At 13% for this year, that's the highest percentage growth in net rent premium we've had it since Insurance since 2001. And so we do recognize that there could be a slowdown. We're not predicting that necessarily or giving guidance on it, but it's possible as you point out, we want to be disciplined in our underwriting. Profit always comes first with us. And so our guidance is for a little bit less than what it was this year, but we are still very optimistic across all of our business areas in terms of the growth that we're seeing, the relationship we have with our agents, the technology we have, the models that we have, we feel very bullish about growth, but we did temper back a little bit from where we are for the full year, just to be cognizant of the points that you bring up, even though I wouldn't say that we're predicting it for sure.
Grace Carter: Thank you. And looking at the attritional loss ratios for commercial property and homeowners in the quarter, they were a bit improved versus the first nine months of the year. So I was just wondering, if there is any sort of change in trend regarding frequency or severity that you've observed for those lines or if this is just kind of normal variability just given the volatility of those lines can see?
Steve Johnston: Grace, I'm sure there is some of that volatility that you can see, but I also know there's a lot of hard work that's been going on in addressing property. And it predates our addressing and say umbrella, for example. And it's nice to see the hard work of our underwriters and really everybody throughout the company chipping in here in terms of underwriting, loss control, pricing. And I do think it's paying off.
Grace Carter: Thank you.
Steve Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Mike Zaremski with BMO. Please go ahead. Hello, Mike. Perhaps your line is muted.
Mike Zaremski: Sorry. Thanks for seeking me in. So I’m just going back to thinking about the combined ratio goals for the company. Are there specific lines of business you'd like to call out and maybe they're obvious, maybe it's commercial casualty and commercial property both. But were there kind of the most wood to chop when we're thinking about improving the combined ratio in outer years? I guess when we look at the pricing disclosure that you offer us the mid-single digit plus numbers. The pricing, I guess, isn't at levels that are, I don't know, maybe I'm wrong, are like extremely high levels relative to inflationary levels. So just kind of curious where you feel you have the most wood to chop over the coming couple of years.
Steve Johnston: Yeah. We haven't provided that any lower than at the company-wide level. And it's really because it's a big team effort. Every one of our operating areas is focused on profit improvement, and we're seeing it across the board from underwriting to claims to loss control in the pricing and underwriting part of it. We are reflecting on the property in the exposure, the increase in inflation. We are trying to reflect that. And we're also getting a pure net rate on top of that and really feel that with our accident year ex cat wood is and the underwriting that we're doing in terms of cat exposure and geographic diversification that we're in a good spot to hit the numbers that we gave in the comments.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. And just when we think about kind of trajectory of potential improvement, should we be kind of just keeping in mind that there's some element of multiyear policies or that are coming -- that are within the portfolio or comps there kind of getting easier or maybe there's less multiyear policies than there were in the past. Any nuances there we should be cognizant of? Thank you.
Steve Spray: Yeah, Mike, Steve Spray. And it kind of goes to your prior question, too, is those average for us, the as net rate change just doesn't tell the full story and the underwriters working with our agents in segmenting the book, the tools that they have in front of them to really focus on getting rate and terms, conditions on those policies, but we feel we are probably least adequate. And then also focusing on retention of the business that's so adequately priced. That's where the rubber is really meeting the road, and that segmentation is really helping to drive those results.
Mike Zaremski: Got it. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Meyer Shields with KBW. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. I'm going to try Mark's question from a slightly different perspective, if that's okay. Historically, Cincinnati has been a very methodical company. And I'm wondering now that you've got reinsurance and Lloyd's capabilities, is it reasonable to expect maybe faster reaction to take advantage of temporary opportunities like property cat seems to be this year?
Steve Johnston: Yes, Meyer. That is an excellent point. And I think in both areas, I think particularly in Cincinnati Re, as they have been looking at these policies, both quantitatively and qualitatively on a one-by-one basis and are in a position to react quickly to these types of opportunities, and that was part of the strategic decision at the beginning.
Steve Spray: Hey, Meyer. I might -- this is Steve Spray, I might add, too, just because it's a great question. I think it's a great point. As our E&S company, CSU, founded and we started back in '08, gives us that kind of flexibility for our agents as well. And I think we've learned a lot as that has continued to grow to the point now where we're issuing homeowner business on an E&S basis and able to provide our agents and the policyholders they have that flexibility and capacity and solutions. And I think the same thing is going to happen for our agents as we go forward and give them -- what I'll call or I think we would call just that much more effective access to Lloyd's. So everything we develop as a company is focused on that agency strategy. And so bringing the agents more flexibility, more capabilities is certainly in the plans today and moving forward.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Perfect. That's very helpful. Related question with regard to the agencies. One of the theories that's been banding around is that a lot of, let's say, regional or mutual companies don't necessarily have the capital seeing the property-related volatility that the reinsurance market is kind of forcing back to the primary carriers. And I was wondering, based on your conversations with agents, is that like a phenomenon that they're seeing? And is that underlie some of the growth expectations for '23?
Steve Spray: I think it is probably a little early to tell what the 1/1 (ph) renewals and then 4/1 and 6/1, how that's going to impact quite frankly, any carriers. I'd tell you, insurance is -- for us, insurance is a local business there, and there's a lot of great regional mutual companies out there that we compete with on a day-to-day basis. It's something we do think about, but not hearing a lot of feedback yet. We've seen -- anecdotally, we've seen a couple of instances where the reinsurance, either the lack of or the costs have put pressure on some maybe a little more regional carriers, but I think it's too early to tell what the full impact will be. It's certainly something that -- it's a great question, something that we're keeping our eye on.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Fantastic. And one last question, if I can. I was just looking for a little more color on the reserve development, specifically within excess and surplus lines.
Michael Sewell: Yeah. Great, Meyer. This is Mike Sewell. And let me start off, we're really proud of our 34 years of -- consecutive years of net favorable development. So I'm going to open up with that. But related to E&S, were you thinking about on a year-to-date basis or on a quarter basis, are you looking?
Meyer Shields: So mostly, I guess, on the -- I'm going to call it volatility in that's the right word, but the quarterly number seaman awful lot.
Michael Sewell: On that, so for the E&S business, let's say, for the quarter, we saw a $4 million of reserve strengthening. But on a year-to-date basis, it was $9 million of favorable development. Thinking about it on the year-to-date basis, it was really favorable for all the accident years except the more recent accident year '21. And so we did see favorable development for 2020, 2019, 2019 and before. What I would say is, we follow a consistent approach. I wouldn't look at one quarter, two quarters as a as a trend. So you'll see some things move. But we've got the same actuarial professionals that are doing the work. They're looking at how the case reserves develop, the paid losses other factors. And so we really just follow the great work that our actuaries do. And I think it's a pretty consistent approach. So I wouldn't necessarily look at it on a quarter-to-quarter basis and say that, that is some sort of a trend.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That’s perfect. Thank you so much.
Michael Sewell: Thank you for the question.
Operator: And this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Steve Johnston for any closing remarks.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Cole. Excellent job, and thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter 2023 call. Have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-01 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Cincinnati Financial Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. Please go ahead.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel of Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the Quarterly Results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you'll first hear from Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Johnston; and then from Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including President, Steve Spray; Senior Vice President of Investments, Steve Soloria; and Cincinnati Insurance's Chief Claims Officer, Marc Schambow; and Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance, Theresa Hoffer. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore, is not reconciled to GAAP. Now, I'll turn over the call to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today to hear more about our third quarter results. In addition to market volatility affecting the valuation of our investment portfolio, elevated inflation and natural catastrophe events affecting the industry also continued to pressure our property casualty insurance results. We remain well-positioned to improve performance through ongoing focus on successfully executing profitable growth strategies for our insurance operations similar to how we have managed past challenges. Our financial strength provides us the ability to maintain a long-term view, keeping a steady approach that can benefit all stakeholders. We reported a net loss of $418 million for the quarter due to the recognition of a reduction in the fair value of securities held in our equity portfolio. Non-GAAP operating income of $114 million for the third quarter of 2022 was down $95 million from a year ago, including catastrophe losses that were $19 million higher on an after-tax basis. Our 103.9% third quarter property casualty combined ratio was 11.3 percentage points higher than the 92.6% for the third quarter of last year. Inflationary pressures led to higher estimated ultimate losses in rising loss ratios on a current accident year basis. While we experienced another quarter of favorable development on prior accident years, it was less favorable than a year ago. We continue to respond with underwriting selection and pricing actions in addition to prudent reserving for estimated ultimate losses. In addition to various premium rate increase filings with the states, underwriters have increased expectations to address current inflationary trends in areas such as risk selection criteria, pricing of policies, and adjusting premium factors for changes in exposure. Commercial umbrella loss experience has been elevated in recent quarters, and it's challenging to determine relevant drivers given unusual business activity and general uncertainty as the pandemic waned. For example, the third quarter of 2022 included three very large claims with estimated losses averaging $9 million each, while elevated losses during the second quarter were driven more by a higher frequency of smaller claims. We continue to carefully underwrite commercial umbrella risks and respond promptly to adequately reserve for emerging loss patterns, which we expect will eventually lead to a return of profitability for our commercial umbrella business. Overall, premium growth was strong. It included average renewal price increases for each of our property casualty insurance segments. Cincinnati Insurance appointed agencies continued their outstanding production and our underwriters are focused on working to retain and grow profitable accounts, while addressing areas where they judge pricing is not adequate segmenting opportunities on a policy by policy basis. Consolidated property casualty net written premiums rose 14% for the third quarter of 2022. That included a 12% increase in third quarter renewal written premiums including 11% each for our commercial lines and personal lines insurance segments. Higher renewal premiums included healthy increases for higher levels of insured exposures that are rising faster due to elevated inflation amounts. For example, our commercial property premium adjustments for rising costs of building materials so far this year are about double the level of last year. In addition to exposure increases, our commercial lines insurance segment continue to experience estimated average renewal price increases in the mid-single-digit percentage range, somewhat higher than the second quarter. Our excess and surplus lines insurance segment continued in the high-single-digit range, also higher than the second quarter. Personal lines average renewal price increases remained in the low-single-digit range with auto a little higher and homeowner a little lower than the second quarter. Personal auto insurance for the industry, including our book of business, generally needs higher premium rates to achieve profitability. Based on our rate filings that average low double-digit rate increases for policies effective beginning January 1, 2023, we expect the full-year 2023 personal auto written premium effect will be an average premium rate increase of approximately 10% The commercial line segment grew third quarter 2022 net written premium by 10% with the combined ratio of 99.0%, reflecting elevated inflation effects and catastrophe losses 1.2 percentage points higher than a year ago. For our personal line segment net written premium grew 15%, mostly from our continued planned expansion of high net worth business produced by our agencies. Its third quarter combined ratio of 104.5% also reflected elevated inflation effects, while the catastrophe loss ratio was 4.1 percentage points lower than last year's third quarter. Our excess and surplus line segment had a 93.9% combined ratio and continued healthy growth with a third quarter 2022 net written premiums increase of 16%. Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global each experienced significant catastrophe losses from Hurricane Ian that drove their underwriting loss for the quarter. We expect catastrophe losses of that magnitude from time to time. Our estimate as of September 30 was within our expectations of loss potential for events of Ian's magnitude based on our models. Results of modeled effects estimating probable maximum losses are disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Cincinnati Re grew third quarter 2022 net written premiums by 51%, while Cincinnati Global grew 21%, each having what we believe are good prospects for future profitability. Our life insurance subsidiary continued to perform quite well along with growth in term life insurance earned premiums of 4% that produced third quarter 2022 net income of $21 million and nearly tripled operating income of a year ago. We continue to use the value creation ratio as our primary measure of long-term financial performance. VCR was negative 8.4% for the third quarter of 2022. Net income before investment gains or losses made a positive contribution, but was again offset by lower investment valuations during the quarter. Next, Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, will highlight several other points we consider important regarding our financial performance.
Mike Sewell: Thank you, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Investment income growth continued at a rate of 8% for the third quarter of 2022, compared with the third quarter of last year. Dividend income rose 8% for the quarter. Net equity securities purchased during the first nine months of 2022 totaled $47 million. Bond interest income grew 7% in the third quarter. The pre-tax average yield of 4.08% for the fixed maturity portfolio was 2 basis points higher than a year ago. The average pre-tax yield for the total of purchase taxable and tax exempt bonds continue to rise reaching 5.39% during the third quarter of 2022. We again purchased additional fixed maturity securities with net purchases totaling $534 million during the first nine months of the year. Valuation changes for our investment portfolio during the third quarter of 2022 were unfavorable in aggregate for both our stock and bond holdings. The overall net decrease was approximately $1.2 billion before tax effects, including an additional $514 million of unrealized losses in our bond portfolio. At the end of the quarter, total investment portfolio net appreciated value was approximately $3.5 billion. The equity portfolio was in a net gain position of $4.5 billion, while the fixed maturity portfolio was in a net loss position of just under $1.1 billion. Cash flow continues to fuel growth of investment income. Cash flow from operating activities for the first nine months of 2022 generated $1.4 billion compared with $1.5 billion a year ago. Regarding expense management, we continue to apply what we see as the appropriate balance between expense control and strategic investments in our business. The third quarter 2022 property casualty underwriting expense ratio was 1.3 percentage points lower than last year. Most of the decrease was from lower accruals for profit sharing commissions for agencies. Next, I'll comment on loss reserves. We continue to use a consistent approach that targets net amounts in the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of net loss and loss expense reserves. As we do each quarter, we consider new information such as paid losses and case reserves, and then updated estimated ultimate losses and loss expenses by accident year and line of business. In the first three quarters of 2022, our net addition to reserves was $814 million already exceeding the full-year amounts for both 2021 and 2020. We think that's a strong indication of the quality of our balance sheet. During the third quarter 2022, we experienced $43 million of property casualty net favorable development on prior accident years that benefited the combined ratio by 2.4 percentage points. On an all lines basis by accident year net reserve development for the first nine months of 2022 was favorable and included $94 million for 2021, $95 million for 2020 that partially offset by unfavorable $46 million in aggregate for accident years prior to 2020. While we've recently reported significant unfavorable reserve development on prior accident years for our commercial casualty lines of business, the net $25 million for the first nine months of 2022 included $41 million for the commercial umbrella and net favorable amount was $16 million for other coverages included in commercial casualty. Moving on to briefly highlight our consistent approach to capital management, we again repurchased shares that include maintenance intended to offset shares issued through equity compensation plans. Importantly, we continue to believe we have plenty of financial flexibility and also believe that our financial strength remained in excellent shape. During the third quarter of 2022 we repurchased just under 2.1 million shares at an average price per share of $98.50. As usual, I'll conclude with a summary of third quarter contributions to book value per share. They represent the main drivers of our value creation ratio. Property casualty underwriting decreased book value by $0.12, life insurance operations increased book value $0.14. Investment income other than life insurance and net of non-insurance items added $0.42. Net investment gains and losses for the fixed income portfolio decreased book value per share by $2.58. Net investment gains and losses for the equity portfolio decreased book value by $3.46. And we declared $0.69 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value decrease of $6.29 per share during the third quarter to $60.01 per share. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. Our fundamentals are strong and we have an excellent book of business curated from our agencies' best accounts. We clearly communicated across the organization the steps we need to take to improve challenged areas of our business and our underwriters are focused and aligned to those goals. Our financial strength remains excellent and allows us to keep concentrating on our long-term strategies and objectives of remaining a steady insurance market and producing shareholder value far into the future. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Steve Soloria, Marc Schambow, and Theresa Hoffer. Anthony, please open the call for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from Paul Newsome with Piper Sandler. You may now go ahead.
Paul Newsome: Thank you and good morning. I wanted to touch a little bit about, maybe additional color on the deterioration in the accident year perhaps in commercial but in also excess and surplus lines that's excluding the umbrella piece. Can you talk about certainly what's going on there from a, I guess, just a pure inflationary issue or is there something else in that -- in those pieces that we should know?
Steve Spray: Hey, Paul, good morning. This is Steve Spray. Let me tackle the E&S piece first. And I'd say to you there, it's that book is about 90% casualty driven. It's got inherent variability in it. It's E&S casualty is a severity business and you're going to get it -- you're going to get noise from quarter-to-quarter. I think it's more meaningful to look at it over longer period and through nine months I think you can see that that book continues to perform well. The E&S Company is coming off of nine years in a row, of a 90 combined or better, and performing well through nine months, too. But I would say that similar to what we're seeing on the casualty side on the primary business, standard business, we are seeing inflation or inflationary pressures there and taking prudent reserves to recognize that also.
Paul Newsome: And maybe on the regular commercial business, is there anything in there other than pure just general inflation?
Steve Spray: Yes. I think its general inflation. I think its businesses getting back to normal post-COVID or post-pandemic. And I think a lot of what we're seeing in the casualty book, the inflationary pressure is primarily on that commercial umbrella line.
Paul Newsome: And then I was hoping you could talk a little bit about cat exposure in general. It's been elevated the last couple of years. And I noticed there's a fair amount of cat exposure is coming through at least as it's reported in the Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global. How do you think about sort of -- how should we think about the cat loss going forward? Is kind of on average, what we've seen in the last couple of years about right? And is that kind of the choice that Cincinnati has made? I think historically, the cat loss and claim is relatively low, but it seems like it's kind of moved from a kind of 4 to 7 to somewhere around 7 to 12. And how should we think about that prospectively?
Steve Johnston: Paul, this is Steve Johnston. And I think we have a vibrant risk management process that we adhere to. We do modeling of all of the particular risks. I think we're in a very good position with our property in terms of cat-exposed pricing now. I think that they have already been -- the prices have already been going up. They will continue to go up. I think if we look at CGU, our Lloyd's Syndicate, they've been a top quartile underwriter over at Lloyd's in the last two years. Even with the cat, so far through nine months, their combined ratio is under 100, and we're seeing strong rate growth there. And at the same time, they are diversifying into lines of business outside of the property-related. I think similarly with Cincinnati Re, we've started that from scratch just several years ago. We've developed a very talented team that really looks to understand all of their risks, both quantitatively and qualitatively. And we are very bullish on the opportunity for rate that both will get as we move into the year-end renewals and into next year. So we feel good about our property in catastrophe-related exposures. I guess I would even throw in high net worth there. There's a little bit more exposure there. But we think with the type of underwriting that we do, the quality of the homes we're writing and the potential for higher rate at this point. We're very confident and bullish that we are going to get really strong rate increases in all those areas.
Paul Newsome: I mean, that's -- that's great. I guess -- but my question really is sort of -- is this an underwriting choice that we've seen a couple of years of elevated cats because you're moving into more property and stuff that has more catastrophe events? Or is this just an anomaly for the last couple of years?
Steve Johnston: Well, I think our actual cat losses over the last couple of years have really not been that outsized. We've been in a position where years ago before we went into more diversification of our book a year with a heavy cat loss like this could put us over 100%, and did, if you look back to 2011 in those type of years. And now with, I think a better spread of risk; we can take body blows like this. We're still under 100% year-to-date and feel that we are bullish about the fourth quarter towards taking our streak of sub-100 combined ratios to 11 consecutive years. And I think over those, that time period, we've outperformed the industry on a combined ratio basis by about 5 points, and we've been growing at about half again the rate, this is in total, which puts us in a good position to invest well. And as you've seen with the investment income as Mike described, pre-tax up 9% year-to-date. Amongst that, dividend increase is up 13%. The equity portfolio has outperformed the S&P 500, both on a year-to-date basis and on a five-year trailing that drives our cash flow. And if you would look at our cash flow over time, it really has increased. If we would go back to 2012, our cash flow from operations was $247 million. It's increased very steadily ever since then up to about $1.1 billion in the 2016, 2017 time period up to nearly $2 billion a year ago. As Mike mentioned, we're at $1.4 billion through nine months compared to $1.5 billion. Excuse me, so that's our strategy, Paul, is we're going to grow over the long pool, as Steve mentioned, we think above the industry rate. We're going to do it with a combined ratio that is better. We're going to provide overwhelming claim service. We're going to invest well, both with our fixed income and our equity portfolio. Generate a lot of cash that we can then return to shareholders as we've done with our dividends by increasing them some 62 years in a row. We're going to continue to have a strong balance sheet as our reserves have developed favorably, I think, 33 years in a row. That's just our basic strategy over time is to steadily execute our strategy, and we think it will deliver value for our shareholders for a long time to come.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mike Zaremski with BMO. You may now go ahead.
Mike Zaremski: Hey guys, good morning. So I just piggybacking off the last question. So it sounds like from your answer, if we think about the outlook for Cincinnati Re into 2023. It feels like your appetite remains focused towards growth and the Cincinnati Re's results over the last couple of years or, I guess, I don't want to put words in your mouth, but you're okay with those results and kind of no change in strategy there.
Steve Johnston: I would say that we'll see, I would very much anticipate significant rate increases. I think one thing to keep in mind to tie on to my comments, only about one-third of the Cincinnati Re written premiums, which in total are about a little bit over $0.5 billion through nine months, about one-third are property, another half are casualty and the other one-sixth specialty. So we will look across the organization very -- with a lot of scrutiny as to where we allocate capital in the property area relative to the type of pricing that we think we get on a risk-adjusted basis for the contracts and policies that are offered to us. So I think with Cincinnati Re, they're running just over 100 -- I think 103, nine or so inception to-date. And given the toughness of the reinsurance market over that period of time, yes, I'm not disappointed with that. We've been able to build a great team without really any cost to the organization and are now well-positioned, I think, as these prices firm to opportunistically and on a risk-adjusted basis, take advantage of it.
Mike Zaremski: I guess just curious if Cincinnati Re gives you guys some diversification, but is the combined ratio target for Cincinnati Re meaningfully lower than the company-wide range?
Steve Johnston: Yes. It's lower than the company range, yes.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Great. I guess, switching gears to commercial casualty, and I appreciate your honesty and comments about the activity this quarter was a little unusual as it was larger claims versus prior quarters, so some smaller claims. So I just -- it sounds like there's not going to be post-pandemic, hopefully, knock on wood, you're coughing it up to just a normalization and kind of funky trends over the last couple of years. So it just -- it sounds like you're not going to take any meaningful terms and conditions or kind of strategic actions to rethink kind of multi-year policies or anything? Just -- it sounds like kind of steady as she goes you're going to take some rates and nothing kind of beyond that to kind of take into account these unusual past couple of quarters or more?
Steve Johnston: Well, great. We are going to take strong action. I think the one thing we want to point out is just to recognize that we do have inherent volatility in our umbrella book. For 2019, our paid losses for umbrella were up 80%. And then in 2018 -- 2018 and 2020, they were down 35%. So there's going to be some variability there. But we are all hands on deck and I think Steve Spray is best to describe the specifics of what we're going to do to address umbrella.
Steve Spray: Yes. Thanks, Steve. Good morning again, Mike. Yes, I don't want you to leave thinking that we're not taking action on the umbrella book. Like Steve said, it's a sizable book for us. It's over $500 million. We've written umbrella very well for many, many years. We've got a lot of expertise on that front. We feel very good about the line. It's performed very well. Matter of fact, from 2017 through 2021, each year our umbrella excess book was sub-80 combined each year. Definitely have inflationary pressure. You can see it, as Steve said in his remarks and then in our Q and in our release as well, the book needs rate. It's getting rate not only from specific rate increases that we're providing to the umbrella, but you're also getting lift from the underlying exposure changes as well because umbrella is priced off of your underlying general liability and your underlying auto. So we're getting lift there. We analyze every single large loss we have and look at it from a standpoint, do we see any specific trends whether it be geography, class of business segment, agency field rep. Don't see any trends there. I would tell you that our commercial umbrella is typically driven by the underlying commercial auto, meaning those underlying commercial auto losses that will pierce up into the umbrella. So like Steve said, it's all hands on deck. Its risk selection, it's pricing. And it's also looking at where we lay out the capacity, different jurisdictions, whether it be individual state, or segment of the market. So something that we've done well for a long time. We think we can -- well, not think, I know we can return it to profitability. We've taken prudent reserving here with the uncertainty that we've experienced. But like Steve said, it's all hands on deck.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. That's very helpful. And maybe a similar question, if I can sneak another one in, on personal lines. The data, I guess, we can look at, but the cognizant that you have more of a super-regional focus versus some of the national players that you've been taking a little less rate than many peers over the last year. It sounds like, clearly, you've stated the last couple of quarters you're going to start pushing the gas on taking rate in personal lines, especially in auto. But -- just curious, when you speak to your agents, do you expect an impact on your top-line growth? Or is it going to change kind of your strategy near-term? And just curious if you also feel like some of the business you've put on the books over the last year, just probably isn't that profitable, but you're playing the long game, especially in the high net worth space, so over time, you'll well exceed your cost of capital? Thanks.
Steve Spray: Yes. Well great question, Mike. Make sure I can get all that in my answer. If I don't, please give me a follow-up. But our -- we're about 50:50 now, high net worth to middle market. Our middle market business has been under pressure for several years as we have taken -- we've had to take specific rate action. And quite frankly, in some specific states, we had to be pretty aggressive. And that put our middle market personal lines growth under pressure. It's still under pressure. But we think we've seen the bottom. New business for middle market is actually up through nine months this year in personal lines. The last three years on personal auto have performed very well. We're definitely seeing the inflation pressure this year. Hence, what Steve talked about as far as the rates that we're going to be planning on getting in 2023? High net worth is performing very well. The industry for high net worth over time has outperformed middle market personal lines. The last several years have been, I think a little difficult for the industry with cat. But I think we're at the right place at the right time with personal lines. And I think the fact that we're 50:50 is unique in the market. It's differentiating. Our agents appreciate it. And we're just getting more sophisticated and more segmented in our pricing as well. So I think the outlook for personal lines going forward is really, really good as well.
Mike Zaremski: You got everything in there. Thank you.
Steve Spray: Okay. Thanks, Mike.
Steve Johnston: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Our next question will come from Greg Peters with Raymond James. You may now go ahead.
Sid Parameswar: Hey, good morning. This is actually Sid on for Greg. We've got a couple of questions on the reserve charges in commercial casualty and commercial auto. So hoping maybe you could unpack that for a minute and provide any additional information.
Mike Sewell: Sure. Yes. Let me -- this is Mike. Let me start and then if Steve or Steve or anyone would like to add any color. But -- for the quarter, we had favorable development of $43 million, which, as I indicated, was 2.4 points for the quarter. And I would note that for the last several years, we've been in the range of 2.5 to 5 points of favorable development. So the quarter is at the lower end of that range, but right there with the range. Unpacking it, as you described, every line had favorable development, except for the commercial casualty and then the auto for both commercial and personal. Related to the commercial casualty for the quarter that was unfavorable by $23 million, and of that number, $16 million related to commercial umbrella. And actually, for the quarter, it was -- there was some reserve strengthening for 2021 and 2020 accident year, but then the older accident years for commercial umbrella actually was favorable. That's a little bit of the opposite when you look at it on a year-to-date basis, a year-to-date basis we had $143 million of favorable development in total. Commercial casualty on a year-to-date basis was unfavorable by $25 million. When you unpack that, umbrella was unfavorable by $41 million, while all the other commercial casualty was favorable by $16 million. And then if you look at that, commercial casualty by accident year, it was favorable on a year-to-date basis for both 2021 and 2020 and then it was unfavorable for 2019 -- accident year 2019 and prior to that. I probably would also make the same comment if I think about commercial auto, personal auto, both on a year-to-date basis and a quarterly basis that was unfavorable for both of those time periods. But then when you look at the accident years, it was the unfavorable development was primarily in the 2019 and previous accident years. But it was favorable for accident year 2021 and 2020. Those are a lot of numbers I threw out and hopefully unpack that at least. But if there's any other questions or anyone else here would like to expand? Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Scott Heleniak with RBC Capital Markets Insurance. You may now go ahead. Pardon me Scott, your line maybe muted.
Scott Heleniak: Good morning. I just wanted to touch base real quick on the commercial umbrella. You gave some good detail on that. And you mentioned that the -- so it was more of a severity issue this quarter as opposed to second quarter's frequency. Just wondering if you can talk about how much of the deviation between the frequency between second quarter and third quarter. And I'm assuming that the severity was that just litigation, adverse litigation that you saw on that book?
Steve Johnston: Yes. I don't have the exact frequency numbers. It was less frequency for the third quarter. I don't know that I would necessarily call it litigation as far as much as I would just say, we're getting some claims in, and we go to think about where we should set the reserve. It is just larger than -- these are larger claims than we had second quarter. It was -- we're just trying to give some color that it was more frequency-driven for commercial umbrella in the second quarter and more severity-driven in the third.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. Yes, that's fair enough. And then I just wanted to touch base real quick on the buybacks, you're pretty active again for the second consecutive quarter, a fair amount, a couple of hundred million. And so is this something that you might be a little more assertive or a little more regular on? Or is this -- I know you mentioned maintenance buyback. It seems like it's a little bit more than that, at least a couple -- the last couple of quarters, but if you could just give us your updated thoughts on where you were. It's certainly enough for the share count to be down year-over-year and to make a little bit of a difference, but anything you can offer there?
Mike Sewell: Sure. No -- this is Mike. I would say our thought process around that really has not changed. So I also call it a maintenance buyback. Yes, you are correct for the quarter and for the year, now we've repurchased about 3.6 million shares. That's higher than the maintenance but for the current year. But if you go back and look at the last several years, it has bounced around a little bit. Just a couple of years ago, we only purchased -- we purchased 600,000 shares. So it's kind of on average, I'll say that it will cover our maintenance. If you go back to when we have some larger buybacks back in about 2007/2008, our total share count is just slightly below where we were at that time. So -- it's -- we've kind of maintained a certain level. If it's down 1 million, 2 million, 3 million shares from that time period, that's probably not very significant, when you're -- when you've got 160 million shares outstanding. So I would still call it a maintenance buyback, but it's -- we'll look at it quarter-to-quarter and may be higher, may be lower.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. Makes sense. I just had one last one, too, on the expense ratio. You made the comment how a lot of it was just driven by the lower contingent commissions that were paid. But I know you mentioned a few quarters ago, but the target was to get the expense ratio down to 30%. And just wondering if you thought that might be realistic to happen in 2023 based on what you're seeing now?
Mike Sewell: Well, it's something that we continue to work on. So of course, we want -- our target is to be below a 30% expense ratio. But if we're not below a 30%, because we are paying more commissions, profit sharing to agencies, that's probably a good thing overall. So I'll still take that. But we would still like to have a goal of being profitable, paying a lot of commissions and being under a 30% would be a great way to do it. And so we'll still keep working on our expenses and trying to have the increase of expenses be slower than the increase in premiums.
Scott Heleniak: I agree on that, more than happy to pay the expense if you get the good business, but that's helpful. Thanks a lot.
Mike Sewell: You bet. Thank you for the questions.
Operator: Our next question will come from Meyer Shields with KBW. You may now go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Sorry. Good morning. I guess the question that I'm hearing a lot is if there are issues in umbrella, is there any concern that that is sort of the initial reflection of another wave of social inflation that will ultimately impact casualty lines because it sounds like you're still confident in user adequacy or redundancy elsewhere? And I was wondering how you're thinking about that.
Steve Johnston: Meyer, it's a good question. I think that it is a reflection of really all types of inflation. I think that when you look at upper layers, there's a leveraged impact. And then as you go up in layers for a constant inflation rate, it has a higher impact on each layer as you go up, and I think it's generally because those claims that otherwise would have been just below the attachment point now inflate into the layer as well as the normal inflation on the layer. So I think it's something that we keep a close eye on, try to measure, try to price for, go through everything that Steve mentioned already in terms of all hands on deck from underwriting to pricing to claims to make sure that we are understanding the impacts on umbrella and also recognizing that there's volatility there, as I mentioned a little bit earlier in terms of what we've seen a variation of payments on commercial umbrella from one year to the next. There's just going to be some natural variation. But in this inflationary time period, it calls for a very much heightened sense of urgency and intensity from every area of our company.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That is helpful. I have, I think a mathematically similar question when we look at the large loss data combined losses over between $1 million and $5 million and $5 million and higher in commercial, about 50% year-over-year, much more than in the second quarter. Is there any way of getting a sense as to how much of that increase in larger losses is just a function of inflation pushing some losses over that line?
Steve Johnston: That's part of our analysis, Meyer, and we'll be looking at that. Where we're seeing it, as Steve mentioned, in terms of geographic areas and the various limits that we write, which are generally relative, I think the most in the industry, smaller layers. But all that we need to take a look at it. It is difficult to ascertain or really specifically assign it to inflation given the inherent volatility we see in the book.
Meyer Shields: Okay. And then one -- that is very helpful. I guess one final question. Does anything in third quarter results, I guess, on the cat side, lead you to want to change the structure of your reinsurance protection in 2023?
Steve Spray: Meyer, this is Steve Spray. I would say, no, nothing that we saw in the third quarter, would lend us to change the structure. I think one of the good things with that is it's pretty common knowledge out there that you hear that at the new insurance market is going to harden. I think we believe we're in a really good position, relatively speaking for that. We're just in the middle of our property -- all of our reinsurance renewals now. But I think the good thing is we have performed well for our reinsurers over time. We take a long-term approach in partnership with them. And we've got the financial strength, the financial flexibility to -- if we need to take more co-participation and balance that with rate, we're in an enviable position, I think that we've got the financial strength to do that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question will come from Grace Carter with Bank of America. You may now go ahead.
Grace Carter: I had a quick question on rate versus trend in commercial lines. I mean obviously, loss cost trends have kind of proceeded to be challenging this quarter, and you mentioned that your commercial pricing is somewhat higher versus 2Q 2022. So how do you see the spread between your pricing versus loss cost trends in 3Q 2022 versus earlier in the year? And I mean, is there any color that you all can give us on how that might evolve going forward, just given where inflation is trending and your continued pricing actions?
Steve Johnston: Okay. Good question. And I think for the commercial lines segment, we are in a position, as we define loss costs versus premium that we can stay ahead of the trend. We are very prospective. We're looking out into the prospective policy periods in terms of estimating how loss causes -- loss costs will rise versus the type of premium that we think we're going to get. And we think for the sector, we should be in a position to be ahead of loss costs. Obviously, some of the lines of business are more challenging than others, but I think in total that we can get there. I think really, when you look at our ex cat accident year combined ratio of 91.1%, while that's a deterioration from where it was in 2021. That was an awfully tough comp, the best accident year ex cat that we've ever put in for the full-year, it was an accident year ex cat combined ratio of 86.2%. The current 91.1% that we have relative to our accident year ex cat for every year from 2012 through 2019 is actually better than every one of those except for 2016 where we were at 90.8% so just 3 basis points lower there. So I think given where we are, given the trends that we're estimating, recognizing the challenge and that needs to be met with not only rate but underwriting and again, every aspect of every part of the company coming together to do their part to manage the loss cost lower. We feel that we're in a good position for the sector as we go into 2023.
Grace Carter: Thank you. And then I had a quick question on the umbrella trends as well. I think last quarter; you all had mentioned that more gradual court reopening had driven a little bit of volatility in those losses. I was curious just as that kind of period of closures gets further behind us, if that continues to drive some issues this quarter or is that has gotten better.
Steve Johnston: Yes. I think it's still uncertain. I would hope that it especially given our commentary on frequency in the umbrella line decreasing here into the third quarter that it's slowing down. But that is an uncertain area that I think ourselves and really the industry in general will be keeping an eye on.
Operator: Our next question will come from Harry Fong with MKM Partners. You may now go ahead.
Harry Fong: Thank you. Good morning, Steve, and Steve. I heard quite a bit about the umbrella line and the longer-term trend of development from 2017 through 2021. However, we did see, if I recall correctly, the bump in frequency in either the fourth quarter of 2016 or first quarter of 2017 that led to a very similar discussion as what we've been hearing this morning. Can you characterize what you saw in large frequencies back then to what is going on today? And are there significant differences that may require you to implement changes that will take longer to improve the current situation?
Steve Johnston: Yes, Harry, you are very astute in recognizing that. I think we have seen with the volatility in the line over time, ups and downs in terms of the performance. I would think one thing that was maybe a little bit different than now as we were seeing the paid-to-incurred ratio rising. Currently, that isn't the case. I think we're reserving more now than we were then relative to the exposure. So it's a slight difference. But to be honest, I think it's the same approach that we'll take that we did back then that worked out to be successful really in what I would consider to be not that long of a time period.
Harry Fong: So claims from third parties hasn't risen yet. What drove the increase the reserves, just the macro environment rather than experience?
Steve Johnston: I would say it's a little bit of both. I would say it's a little bit of both.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Steve Johnston, CEO, for any closing remarks.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Anthony, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our fourth quarter call.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Cincinnati Financial Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call.  Please note, this event is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. Please go ahead.
Dennis McDaniel : Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer at Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2022 earnings conference call.  Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you'll first hear from Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Johnston; and then from Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including President, Steve Spray; Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Cincinnati Insurance's Chief Claims Officer, Marc Schambow; and Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance, Theresa Hoffer. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore, is not reconciled to GAAP. Now I'll turn over the call to Steve.
Steven Johnston : Thank you, Dennis. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our second quarter results. Increased catastrophe losses and increasing inflation affecting the industry, pressured our property casualty insurance results for this quarter. We are well positioned to improve results through continued focus on pricing and risk selection as we have in the past, we'll follow our proven formula to successfully analyze and address challenged areas of our insurance operations. Our financial strength remains excellent, and we are confident we can achieve profitable growth over the long term and through all economic cycles. We reported a net loss of $800million-- $808 million for the quarter due to the recognition of a reduction in the fair value of securities held in our equity portfolio.  Non-GAAP operating income of $104 million for the second quarter of 2022 was down from last year's impressive $292 million, largely due to catastrophe losses that were $119 million higher on an after-tax basis. Our 103.2% second quarter property casualty combined ratio was 17.7 percentage points higher than the 85.5% posted second quarter of last year. That increase reflected higher catastrophe losses and less favorable results on both the prior accident year and current year -- current accident year basis.  We regularly disclose large losses exceeding $1 million for individual property casualty claims, excluding losses from catastrophes. Commercial property and commercial umbrella tend to account for the bulk of those losses, each typically about 1/3 of total large losses. We noted on our last call that commercial property large losses rose sharply in the first quarter of this year. That increase reversed in the second quarter when they declined 86% from the second quarter of 2021.  For our personal lines segment, net written premiums grew 16%, sorry. However, in the second quarter, commercial umbrella losses rose significantly, prompting reserve additions that we detailed in our 10-Q. That business has a long history of profitability for us and has benefited from very strong pricing in recent years for both the industry and us. Overall, premiums continued a healthy growth pattern with steady average renewal price increases for each of our property casualty insurance segments. We benefited from outstanding production from the finest independent agents, while our underwriters remain steadfast in seeking to retain and grow profitable accounts and address areas where they judge pricing is not adequate, segmenting opportunities on a policy-by-policy basis. Consolidated property casualty net written premium rose  for the second quarter of 2022. Our commercial lines insurance segment continued to experience estimated average renewal price increases in the mid-single-digit percentage range, similar to the first quarter. Our excess and surplus lines Insurance segment continued in the high single-digit range. Personal lines average renewal price increases were slightly higher than in the first quarter, remaining in the low single-digit range. Personal auto is an area where we plan to more aggressively raise rates in future quarters as we work to improve its loss ratio. Underwriting processes, design to help premiums keep pace with rising property values, whether from outsized inflation or other changes in insured exposure amounts are another reason for significant increases in 2022 renewal written premiums. Our commercial lines segment grew second quarter renewal premiums by 10%, and our personal lines segment also grew second quarter renewal premiums by 10%. The commercial lines segment grew second quarter 2022 net written premiums by 10% with a combined ratio of 106.3, including higher-than-usual catastrophe losses and elevated inflation effects. For our personal lines segment, net written premiums grew 16%, mostly from our continued planned expansion of high net worth business produced by our agencies. Its second quarter combined ratio up 112.1% also included higher-than-usual catastrophe losses and elevated inflation effects. The second quarter provided another example of the benefits of improving diversification over time by product line and geography. Profitability was very good for our operations in excess and surplus lines insurance reinsurance, global specialty insurance and life insurance. Our excess and surplus line segment had an 85.1% combined ratio and continued strong growth with second quarter 2022 net written premiums growing 17%. Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global each continued a pattern of profitable growth. Cincinnati Re, grew net written premiums by 31% for the second quarter of 2022, with a combined ratio in the low 80% range. Cincinnati Global, grew net written premium by 47%, with a combined ratio below 70%. Our life insurance subsidiary had another good quarter with net income of $21 million and a 91% increase in operating income, along with growth in term life insurance earned premiums of 8%. We continue to emphasize the importance over time of the value creation ratio, our primary measure of long-term financial performance. VCR was negative 11.2% for the second quarter of 2022. Net income before investment gains or losses made a positive contribution, but was offset by lower investment valuations during the quarter.  Next, Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell will discuss a few more important insights regarding our financial performance.
Mike Sewell: Thank you, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Investment income continues to grow and was up 11% for the second quarter of 2022 compared with the second quarter of last year. Dividend income rose 20% for the quarter, aided by a $5 million special dividend from one of our stock holdings. Net equity securities purchased during the first half of 2022 totaled $40 million. Bond interest income grew 6% in the second quarter. The pretax average yield of 4% for the fixed maturity portfolio was down 2 basis points from a year ago. The average pretax yield for the total of purchased taxable and tax-exempt bonds during the second quarter of 2022 was 4.75%. We again purchased additional fixed maturity securities with net purchases totaling $240 million during the first 6 months of the year. Valuation changes for our investment portfolio during the second quarter of 2022 were unfavorable in aggregate, for both our stock and bond holdings. The overall net decrease was approximately $1.8 billion before tax effects, including a net decrease of $610 million for unrealized gains in our bond portfolio. At the end of the quarter, total investment portfolio net appreciated value was approximately $4.7 billion. The equity portfolio was in a net gain position of $5.3 billion, while the fixed maturity portfolio was in a net loss position of $564 million. Cash flow continues to fuel growth of investment income. Cash flow from operating activities for the first 6 months of 2022 generated $755 million compared with $917 million a year ago. As in the past, we emphasize careful management of expenses and balance that with strategic investments in our business. The second quarter 2022 property casualty underwriting expense ratio was 0.6 percentage points lower than last year. Most of the decrease was from lower accruals for profit sharing commissions for agencies and related expenses. Moving on to loss reserves. We aim for a consistent approach by targeting net amounts in the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of net loss and loss expense reserves. As we do each quarter, we consider new information such as paid losses and case reserves and then updated estimated ultimate losses and loss expenses by accident year and line of business. In the first half of 2022, our net addition to reserves was $414 million, a pace well ahead of 2021 or 2020, and a level we believe is an indication of the quality of our balance sheet. During the second quarter of 2022, we experienced $59 million of property casualty net favorable development on prior accident years that benefited the combined ratio by 3.4 percentage points. On an all-lines basis by accident year, net reserve development for the first 6 months of 2022 was favorable and included $61 million for 2021 and $54 million for 2020. That was partially offset by an unfavorable $15 million in aggregate for accident years prior to 2020. Next, I'll comment briefly on capital management. We've had a consistent approach that includes share repurchases as part of maintenance intended to offset shares issued through equity compensation plans. At the same time, changing circumstances or opportunities can influence us to repurchase more or less than historical averages. We continue to believe that we have plenty of financial flexibility and that our financial strength at the end of the quarter was excellent. Shareholder dividends continue to be our primary way of returning capital to shareholders and cash dividends declared in the first half of 2022 are up 10%. In addition, during the second quarter, we repurchased just over 1.2 million shares at an average price per share of $124.44. As usual, I'll conclude with a summary of second quarter contributions to book value per share. They represent the main drivers of our value creation ratio. Property casualty underwriting decreased book value by $0.26. Life insurance operations increased book value by $0.13.  Investment income, other than life insurance and net of noninsurance items headed $0.53. Net investment gains and losses for the fixed income portfolio decreased book value per share by $3.03. Net investment gains and losses for the equity portfolio decreased book value by $5.81, and we declared $0.69 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value decrease of $9.13 per share during the second quarter to $66.30 per share. And now I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steven Johnston : Thanks, Mike. While this wasn't the kind of quarter we want to have, one quarter doesn't sway us from our long-term strategies and objectives. Our financial strength remains excellent, and we are optimistic about the future. In the last month, 3 different third-party organizations agreed. Moody's and S&P both affirmed our strong financial strength ratings. We were also again included on the Ward's 50 list. We are 1 of only 4 companies named 31x to the Property Casualty Awards 50, recognizing our growth, profitability and shareholder return. Before we open the call for questions, I'd like to pause to recognize Marty Hollenbeck. Many of you know Marty from his years of Investor Travel. He's announced his intent to retire at the end of September after 35 years of service to our organization. We thank him for his steady hand overseeing investments, especially during some of the very challenging times of market volatility. As I'm sure you can all imagine, we're sad to see Marty go. At the same time, however, I have absolute confidence in Steve Soloria and his ability to smoothly step in to lead our investment operation with his nearly 30 years of experience. I know you all will feel the same as you get to know him during future investor visits. As a reminder, with Marty, Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Marc Schambow, then Theresa Hoffer. MJ, please open the call for questions.
Operator:  Our first question today comes from Derek Han of KBW.
Derek Han : So my first question is 2 parts related to the commercial umbrella line of business. You readjusted your loss picks last quarter, but just curious what kind of new information that you've gotten to make another adjustment this quarter? And then secondly, since the umbrella line of business is pretty heavily exposed to inflation, how comfortable do you feel about the inflation assumptions embedded within your reserving and accident year loss picks.
Steve Spray: Derek, Steve Spray here. Thanks for the question. Yes, we -- here in the second quarter, we've definitely seen inflationary impacts as well as pandemic effects on the umbrella book. As an example, courts closed during the pandemic, slower to open. We're seeing that show up. I would also say that our umbrella book in general, just -- from quarter-to-quarter is going to have inherent variability. And -- we've seen that here in the second quarter. Maybe for note as well, is that book, our commercial umbrella book is up over $500 million now. And we've got a long track record of underwriting profit, understanding how to price that book, the limits profile on it is relatively lower. The book reflects our primary business, which is -- tends to be smaller to midsized accounts. That's the business that we're primarily writing the umbrella coverage is over. So there's uncertainty for sure. There's inherent variability. You're seeing that in the actual results. And then on top of that, as you can expect from Cincinnati, and our long track record of recognizing uncertainty. We've gone ahead and recognized that through the IBNR for the reserving of the umbrella going forward to.
Derek Han : Okay. That's really helpful. And then my second question is around the personal lines segment. You had really good growth in that segment, especially within the high net worth business. You've talked about in the past about how the high net worth business has a longer-term attractiveness relative to the middle market business. I'm just curious how you think about the overall profitability in the near term just in the context of rising loss trends?
Steve Spray: Yes. Derek, again, Steve Spray. Yes, we are feeling really good about the high net worth business primarily the team that we've assembled, the expertise, the experience that they have. And you're right. The majority of our growth in personal lines right now is coming from high net worth. On the written premium side, it's almost all coming from high net worth. On new business, we have seen our middle market book rebound, although again, the new business lion's share is still coming from the high net worth. High net worth is important to us. We think we have a valuable contract. We think the way we handle claims is worth more premium. But that being said, I wouldn't want anybody to think that we are not completely focused on that middle market book as well. We think that we are in a unique position that we have the sophisticated pricing. We have the products. We have the team. We have the historical experience long term on the middle market book as well. So we feel good about the middle market book. Maybe to get a little deeper for you there. Personal auto, obviously is under pressure. A lot of that is coming from inflation. We are taking rate. And we've been taking rate in 2022. We'll continue to take rate in that personal auto book in 2022. And we expect in 2023 that we're going to take a little bit -- a little more than double the rate in the personal auto book that we are this year. The homeowner book is performing better, but it's under a little bit of pressure as well. We're taking rate in '22. We plan to continue to take rate in 2023. And the other thing I would add there is in homeowner line, we are getting high single-digit exposure change there, too. So that's helping with the inflationary pressure that we're feeling.
Derek Han : Got it. I appreciate the color on that. And then last, just a numbers question. Did you see any Russia-Ukraine related loss this quarter?
Steven Johnston : This is Steve Johnston. And yes, we did. For the quarter, we -- and this would come from our Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global areas for the quarter, $6 million and for the year-to-date, $11 million. So we think we have that properly managed.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Mark Dwelle of RBC.
Mark Dwelle : I have a few questions. Starting with the commercial lines, when you had -- you reported a 64.8 accident year loss ratio before cat losses, that was up 7 points. Is all of that second quarter? Or is there a catch-up within that to catch up for first quarter loss trend?
Steven Johnston : Mark, this is Steve Johnston, and that would be our first quarter pick -- I'm sorry, second quarter pick. That would be just the quarter's pick.
Mark Dwelle : So the relatively lower loss pick that you had for the first quarter. You've picked a -- I'm just trying to make sure I understand, based on the run rate you're seeing right now, you would like your loss pick to be roughly 65 points as compared to the relatively lower pick that you had in the first quarter?
Steven Johnston : We just -- for each quarter, we try to do our best estimate of our reserves of our losses and premiums for each of the quarter. So the two stand on their own and of course, the year-to-date would be the sum of the two.
Mark Dwelle : Okay. Understood. And I presume the same applies related to the personal lines, the 8-point bump there that in accident year loss pick. That's all just on -- there's no prior quarter development embedded within that number.
Mike Sewell: That's correct.
Mark Dwelle : Okay. When you think about your loss cost trends right now, and I appreciate they vary by line of business. But if you were thinking about the loss -- your average loss cost trend across the entire commercial lines book, for example. What would you say that, that is right now based upon what you're seeing in your data?
Steven Johnston : Well, you're right, Mark, that it is done at a very detailed level. And when we look at our prospects, we do it prospectively. We try to estimate what we think we need to trend losses for into the prospective rating period for the policies that will be effective. We do think, and as Steve kind of alluded to, that we are in a position that we can keep up with and/or exceed those loss cost trends as we go forward.
Mark Dwelle : I mean can you share sort of a run rate number? I mean some companies have said 5, some of it 6, 6.5. I mean is there a number you can share in terms of what you're seeing as far as trend?
Steven Johnston : We don't have a specific number like that in terms of a number, but when we do talk about getting mid-single-digit rate. And as Steve alluded to, for both personal and commercial, some inflationary effects on our exposure growth, we feel that we can keep pace with and exceed that trend.
Mark Dwelle : Okay. Turning over to the personal lines. I mean, again, you commented that you're getting kind of low single-digit rates across the personal line book. Can you break that between what portion -- what you're seeing in the auto book as compared to the homeowners book?
Steven Johnston : Yes. This is Steve again. For the auto, it would be currently in the low single digit and for the homeowners in the mid-single digit. And again, as Steve mentioned, for the homeowners, there is exposure growth and the rate for inflation in addition to the rate that we quote -- rate increase that we quote.
Mark Dwelle : As far as raising the rates on the auto book more aggressively, are you largely locked in on those rates now for this year based on your state filings or will you have to kind of begin that process from the start in order to try to get more. I ask because I mean your average rate increase in your auto book seems to be distinctly below where I would see at least some of your competitors at?
Steven Johnston : It's a rolling process. So we're already engaged in some of the 2023 rate increases and then also a point we make is through the pandemic, we did not reduce our rates any through there at all. We did have a kind of a stay-at-home discount that was in place on the expense side for several weeks, but did not take rate decreases.
Mark Dwelle : But there's not much you can really do to improve the rate picture for 2022. It's -- you're pretty much just beginning the process of trying to tackle on '23. Is that what I'm hearing?
Steven Johnston : Well, it's ongoing. It's rolling. So they've already been filed. But to your point, and we both kind of understand the earnings diagram for 2022 in terms of how rate will be earned during 2022. The ones that are in process, don't move the needle much.
Mark Dwelle : Right. Okay. One other question related to the investment portfolio. I guess I was a little surprised that the average pretax yield was effectively unchanged in the quarter. Would have flight if for no other reason than just getting better interest rates on your shorter-term money that, that would have pushed a little bit higher. But -- can you talk about maybe some of the dynamics there? When we might see that move a little bit higher?
Martin Hollenbeck: Yes, Mark, this is Marty. I think you'll start to see it soon. that's what you look there is actually a realized yield. Our book value ended the quarter 4 basis points higher than Q1, although still 5 basis points less than a year ago in the second quarter. So we kind of had a little bit of a muted effect in the first quarter of the run-up in rates, it was sort of backloaded. So we didn't quite get the benefit with a little bit longer duration than typical. I didn't quite see it. But we saw definitely a significant rise in Q2, I think book yield purchased for the taxable was just under 5. Tax exempt was about 4. So it should start being more pronounced going forward here in the next couple of quarters.
Mark Dwelle : I see. Okay. So you are getting somewhere between 50 and 100 basis points of incremental new mine made relative to kind of where the realized book rate is right now. Is that about right?
Mike Sewell: Yes, about -- probably about 3/4, 70 to 75 basis points.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Newsome of Piper Sandler.
Paul Newsome : I wanted to hone in a little bit on the large losses again. Is there any way to kind of think about that increase from a sort of inflationary perspective versus not anything that would be noninflationary frequency level maybe just sort of something that's up for the quarter as we look at sort of that impact and think about it on a prospective basis, both for the personal lines business as well as for the commercial lines business, where I think they look kind of both large losses in general --
Steve Spray: Yes. Paul, itâs Steve Spray, again. I would say, again, that umbrella book, there's inherent variability in it. And statistically, the number of losses that are there is just -- it's a really -- it's a really low number from quarter-to-quarter. So even if it jumps it's a smaller number. I would say, other than inflationary factor, which is certainly -- or inflationary factors certainly paying -- playing a role in that was what I mentioned earlier was just the courts reopening coming out of the pandemic. We've noticed that, that has -- that's impacted the quarter. And I don't know if Steve wants to add anything to that or not?
Steven Johnston : That's hard to improve upon. I guess if I would think of any other comment would be umbrella it attaches at a higher layer. And so there is a leveraged impact of inflation. So what I mean by that is if historically, a claim is just below the retention, now if inflation is heating up, it would inflate into the layer. And so you have a leveraged effect on the upper layers like an umbrella policy, which would add to the claim count.
Steve Spray: Paul, again, Steve Spray. I might just add a couple of things there for you is it's not uncommon that auto losses, both personal and commercial are what get up into that umbrella layer, those umbrella layers, and we saw that in the second quarter. So it's larger auto claims that have gotten up in there. We look at every single one of these claims, as I mentioned in the first quarter. And as far as geography or class of business, industry segment, we're not -- there's randomness there, and we're not seeing any patterns. So I thought I might add that for you, too.
Paul Newsome : That's great. Just to clarify, and I apologize I can be is low. Are these -- the umbrella is this is both commercialized and personal lines or just commercial lines? And I guess your comments on the auto is that also both commercial lines and personal lines. Are auto creeping up into umbrella on both sides of the business or just the commercial side?
Steve Spray: Well, yes, so we write commercial umbrella over commercial business, obviously, and personal umbrellas over personal. In personal lines, it is always -- it's almost always predominantly auto claims that get into your umbrella policies there. On the commercial side, it varies between, say, general liability claims that can balance up into the umbrella or commercial auto. I would say that we've seen just a slight uptick in the commercial auto getting into the umbrella.
Paul Newsome : So the umbrella cases are on the commercial line or not. So just â and the auto was elevated to -- personal auto was elevated too, but that the commercial umbrella is not necessarily related to just the auto on the commercial line side?
A âSteven Johnston : Thatâs correct.
Operator: Seeing no more questions in the queue. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Steve Johnston for any closing remarks.
Steven Johnston : Thank you, MJ, and thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter call.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-29 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you all for standing by, and welcome to the CIF First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. . Please also note that today's call is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to your host, Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, you may now begin.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel at Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2022 earnings conference call.  Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you'll first hear from Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Johnston; and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions.  At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Cincinnati Insurance's President, Steve Spray; Chief Claims Officer, Marc Schambow; and Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance, Theresa Hoffer.  First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore, is not reconciled to GAAP.  Now I'll turn over the call to Steve.
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Dennis, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to hear more about our first quarter results. It was another quarter of good operating performance. Our agency-focused strategy led to profitable growth and reflects well on the skill and dedication of our associates and excellent relationships with terrific independent agents. We reported a net loss of $273 million for the quarter, due to the recognition of a reduction in the fair value of securities held in our equity portfolio.  Non-GAAP operating income for the first quarter of 2022 was up $31 million or 14% versus a year ago. Our 89.9% first quarter property casualty combined ratio was 1.3 percentage points better than last year's first quarter. The current accident year loss and loss expense ratio before catastrophe loss effects rose slightly compared with accident year 2021 measured at 3 months, reflecting an increase in large losses for our property lines of business.  We again managed our business to healthy levels of policy retention with meaningful average renewal price increases for each of our property casualty insurance segments. Policy retention rates for both commercial and personal lines improved from a year ago to the upper 80% range. Consolidated property casualty net written premiums rose 12% for the first quarter of 2022. Our pricing segmentation efforts continue to support what we believe is profitable growth as our underwriters work to retain and write more profitable accounts while taking appropriate action on opportunities that we determine have inadequate pricing. We also believe renewal pricing during the first quarter was again ahead of our estimate for prospective loss cost trends for each property casualty segment.  Our commercial lines insurance segment continued to experience estimated average renewal price increases in the mid-single-digit percentage range, similar to the fourth quarter. In the first quarter, personal lines average renewal price increases slowed by a small amount compared to the fourth quarter, remaining in the low single-digit range. Our excess and surplus lines insurance segment continued in the high single-digit range.  Our commercial lines segment grew first quarter 2022 net written premiums by 8% and with a combined ratio of 92.3%. Our personal lines segment net written premium grew 11%, reflecting our continued planned expansion of high-net worth business produced by our agencies. The segment's first quarter combined ratio of 83.9%, improved 17.2 percentage points from a year ago, driven by lower catastrophe losses. Our excess and surplus lines segment had an 85.9% combined ratio and continued strong growth, with first quarter 2022 net written premiums rising by 25%.  Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global, each had a nice quarter with healthy growth. Cincinnati Re grew net written premiums by 30% for the first quarter of 2022 with a combined ratio in the mid-90% range. Cincinnati Global, grew net written premiums by 24%, with a combined ratio also in the mid-90% range.  Our life insurance subsidiary generated first quarter 2022 net income of $10 million, matching last year's first quarter, and grew term life insurance earned premiums by 6%.  I'll conclude with the value creation ratio, our primary measure of long-term financial performance. VCR was negative 6.9% for the quarter, while net income before investment gains or losses contributed 1.9 percentage points. Lower investment valuations during the quarter resulted in the investment gains or losses component contributing negative 8.6 points.  Now our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, will highlight several other important aspects of our financial performance.
Michael Sewell: Thank, you, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Investment income again grew at a good pace, up 6% for the first quarter of 2022 compared with the same period a year ago. First quarter dividend income was up 12% and net equity securities purchase totaled $34 million. Bond interest income grew 4% in the first quarter while the pretax average yield of 4.01% for the quarter was down 13 basis points from a year ago. The average pretax yield for the total of purchased taxable and tax-exempt bonds during the first quarter of 2022 was 3.64%. We again purchased additional fixed maturity securities with net purchases during the quarter totaling $109 million.  Valuation changes for our investment portfolio during the first quarter of 2022 were unfavorable in aggregate for both our stockholdings and our bond holdings.  dollars before tax effects, including a net decrease of $746 million for unrealized gains in our bond portfolio. At the end of the first quarter, total investment portfolio net appreciated value was approximately $6.6 billion, including $46 million for our bond portfolio.  Cash flow again helped to grow investment income. Cash flow from operating activities for the first quarter 2022 generated at $198 million compared to $354 million a year ago.  Balancing strategic investments in our business with expense containment initiatives continues to be a priority. The first quarter 2022 property casualty underwriting expense ratio was 2.2 percentage points higher than last year. Most of the increase was from higher accruals for profit-sharing commissions for agencies and related expenses.  Regarding loss reserves, we aim for a consistent approach by targeting net amounts in the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of net loss and loss expense reserves. As we do each quarter, we considered new information such as paid losses and case reserves and then updated estimate ultimate losses and loss expenses by accident year and line of business. During the first quarter of 2022, we experienced $41 million of property casualty net favorable development on prior accident years have benefited the combined ratio by 2.5 percentage points.  In recent years, we've experienced significant growth in commercial umbrella coverage within our commercial casualty lines of business, including 16% in 2021 as industry pricing for umbrella has been strong. Umbrella losses tend to be frequently -- relatively infrequent with high severity and we recently experienced an elevated level of large losses, particularly for accident year 2019. Due to increased uncertainty for our umbrella business, we strengthened reserves for certain accident years and estimated ultimate losses for accident year 2022 at what we believe is a prudent level.  On an all-lines basis by accident year, net reserve development for the quarter was favorable by $46 million for 2021, $24 million for 2022, unfavorable by 2020 by $28 million for 2019, and unfavorable by $1 million in aggregate for accident years prior to 2019.  Now let me turn to capital management. We continue to follow a consistent approach that includes share repurchases as part of maintenance intended to offset the issuance of shares through equity compensation plans. However, changing circumstances or opportunities can influence us to repurchase more or less than historical averages. We believe that our quarter end financial strength was excellent and provides ample financial flexibility.  During the first quarter of 2022, we repurchased 375,000 shares at an average price per share of $120.05. I'll conclude my prepared remarks as I usually do, with a summary of first quarter contributions to book value per share. They represent the main drivers of our value creation ratio.  Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.81. Life insurance operations increased book value $0.06. Investment income, other than life insurance and net of noninsurance items, added $0.53. Net investment gains and losses for the fixed income portfolio decreased book value per share by $3.67. Net investment gains and losses for the equity portfolio decreased book value by $3.33. And we declared $0.69 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value decrease of $6.29 per share during the first quarter to $75.43 per share.  And now I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Mike. It's satisfying to see the steady execution of our initiatives producing these strong results. March and April brought a return of business travel and a return of our headquarters associates working together in person. It's wonderful to see so many familiar faces in the hallway and to be able to get out from behind our desk to visit with agents in our field teams across the country. This return to a bit of normalcy has produced an energy you can feel across our organization, bringing with it lots of optimism for the future of Cincinnati Financial.  As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Marc Schambow, Marty Hollenbeck and Theresa Hoffer. Jesse, please open the call for questions.
Operator: . Our first question is from the line of Meyer Shields of KBW.
Meyer Shields: I apologize if you covered this. I didn't think I caught it, but there seems to have been a lot of losses above $1 million, like in $1 million to $5 million range. Is that inflation? Or is that just random noise? Or anything else?
Steven Johnston: Meyer, this is Steve, and good question. We think it's more in the random noise category for this first quarter. Certainly, inflation, we're keeping a close eye on and so forth. But it's 1 quarter, it was largely in our property lines. And we will continue to keep a close eye on it. We think it was more random noise. And it did reflect about 4 points on the current accident year when comparing it to that 0.9% increase overall in the current accident year.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's helpful. Second question, when -- we've been seeing, I guess, some level of wage inflation, which is clearly helping, I guess, with workers' compensation premiums. Is it your sense that the impact on same costs for indemnity are in line with that? Or is there any disparity with how -- with the premium and the loss impacts of higher wages?
Steven Johnston: Yes. We're keeping a close eye on that as well because with payroll being the exposure basis for workers' compensation, that should help on the premium side. Also, we've got the inflation. I think our -- we feel confident in our workers' comp book. It's the loss ratios have been rising as the competitive environment in the industry and NCCI have decreased rates. But we still feel good in terms of what we've done, in terms of really working workers' compensation down as a percentage of our overall commercial premium. But at the same time, supporting agents and -- on what we feel to be the best risk, the most adequately priced risks.
Meyer Shields: Okay. And if I can throw in one other real quick question. One of the competitors in the high-net worth homeowner space has talked about double-digit loss trends there. Does that match what you're seeing in your book?
Steven Johnston: No, I don't think we've been seeing double-digit loss trends in our book, no. And we do feel good about the high-net worth book. Thank you. Meyer.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Mark Dwelle of RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Dwelle: I've got a few questions. So Meyer kind of touched on it a little bit. But I guess the increase in the current accident year loss ratio in the commercial lines segment, is that primarily attributable to the number of large losses in the quarter? Or is there kind of more work beneath the surface there?
Steven Johnston: Yes. And if we would break the commercial lines segment down, the current accident year rose by 1.2 points, and the effect of large losses on that was 5.1 points. So well more than the amount of the total increase in the current accident year.
Mark Dwelle: So if -- I mean, there must be some normalized kind of large loss load though that would be kind of embedded in a normal combined ratio. So if I was to try to -- if your large losses were more like normal, would there have been, I guess, a 2- or 3-point improvement, I guess, in the accident year loss ratio, kind of all else equal?
Steven Johnston: That's a good question. I don't have that handy. We've got it, but the -- the over time there but I can tell you for the quarter -- the first quarter here of 2022, it was 8.6 points in total in large losses over $1 million for the current accident year. For the first quarter of 2021, it was $3.5 million. So that difference is the $5.1 million that I just mentioned. So I feel -- it's like more of a feeling right now not having the numbers, but that $3.5 million seems more normal, feels more normal.
Mark Dwelle: Got it. Okay. Marc -- go ahead.
Stephen Spray: Mark -- I'm sorry. No, this is Steve Spray, Mark. I was just going to add that it's a normal process for us on any large loss that we take a look at risk category, geography, the policy inception date and agency or field marketing territory to see if we can any trends or patterns. And we have not. And like Steve said, we feel it's 1 quarter. And I think it's going to be more important to look at it over a longer period of time, but it is something that we absolutely watch on a regular basis.
Steven Johnston: While we still have you Mark, Dennis, as usual, is quick to help me out with the numbers. And in terms of the -- what we're seeing, I could turn you to Page 65 of our Q and -- or is it the K?
Dennis McDaniel: The K.
Steven Johnston: I'm sorry, the K. And there it is, more, I would say, a little bit higher than what I said more in the 4% range. The last -- 2021 was the current accident year losses above $1 million, $4.2 million; $3.6 million for 2020; and 4.6% for '19. And then we had another -- for that over $5 million. So that was in the range of $1 million to $5 million. 1.8, 0.9 and 0.5, respectively. So more in that, say, 5, 5.5 range for that.
Mark Dwelle: Okay. That's helpful. It definitely helps clarify kind of what the more normalized run rate might really look like. The second question, and I know this is a little bit of a long shot. But is there -- do you have any exposure to the Russian-Ukraine conflict, either via the Cincinnati Re or the Cincinnati Global book? I know historically, you've written some aviation, but I didn't know if there was anything that might be impacted.
Steven Johnston: Yes. We -- it wouldn't be in aviation, but we have had a little bit of loss in CGU. It's about $5 million. So not a big amount to the organization. And really, hearts go out to all the people there in Ukraine for the suffering that's going on. For Cincinnati Re, it's de minimis in terms of loss, and we'll continue to keep an eye on it. But about $5 million for us for the quarter in total.
Mark Dwelle: Okay. That's helpful. And then last question, I guess, kind of related to the investment portfolio. Do you have a sense of about how much of your portfolio might mature and roll over the course of, say, the next 12 months or the balance of '22? I'm really just trying to get a sense of kind of what portion of the fixed income portfolio will have the opportunity to renew at the relatively higher new money rates that we're all seeing right now.
Michael Sewell: Yes, Mark. I do actually have that information. So this is looking the balance of 2022, about 4.4% of the portfolio; '23 6.3%; '24, just 8%; and '25, 9.3%. And book yields on that range is from 3.7% up to about 4.5% in 2025.
Operator: . Your next question from the line of John Heagney of Dowling & Partners.
John Heagney: I had a question on your multiyear policies in commercial. How does that impact your ability to reprice for the inflation we're seeing over the past 3 to 4 months?
Stephen Spray: Yes, John, Steve Spray. Yes, we're committed to that 3-year policy. We think it's important to our agents and our policyholders. It's consistent with our desire to have long-term relationships. And so when we can get an adequate rate for the risk terms and conditions, we're keen to offer a 3-year policy on our commercial packages. Just so you know on that, too, or maybe to give you a little more color, what that does is that really locks in the rate for the property, the general liability, the crime and the inland marine coverages.  And I would say this to you, too, is every year, whether it be those policies that are renewing off of a 3-year or the coverages that are subject to annual adjustment, about 75% of our commercial premiums are subject to an anniversary adjustment even with that 3-year policy. Does that make sense?
John Heagney: Yes. So essentially, I have a 3-year rate, but I can adjust it for the change in TIV. So that would be an inflation adjustment on an annual basis. Is that --
Stephen Spray: You can adjust it -- yes, you can adjust it for an inflation on TIV. And right now, that's -- we're running that in the high single digits. And you also -- say, your general liability, which would typically have your exposure, your premiums are based off of gross sales or payroll. As those increase, the premium goes up, it's just that the rate is locked in.
John Heagney: Right. Okay. How much of your portfolio overall is multiyear, if I just think of it crudely in terms of net premium written in commercial?
Stephen Spray: Yes, it's about 60% of our policy count.
John Heagney: Okay. Then the next question I had, on CGU and then with your new delegated authority of Lloyd's. How much business is that MGA putting through to your own syndicate versus putting through to other syndicates at Lloyd's. I'm just trying to get a sense for how big the -- that delegated authority business could be. Because, obviously, you have a limit on your capacity at Lloyd's in your syndicate, but if you're writing elsewhere, it would seem that you have a bigger underwriting capability, at least for your agent.
Steven Johnston: Right. And sure, John. Good question. We're just with our first coverage that we are handling through the delegated authority, and it's a deductible buydown. And for that particular product, and especially given this is our first, it will be for our syndicate. As we look to future and rolling out additional coverages, we would open it up to partnerships with other syndicates over there.
John Heagney: Got it. So I'm asking that a little bit a little bit too far in advance in terms of where you are. And then finally, just 1 last kind of numbers question. E&S, how much of your E&S business is written with a standard insurance contract. So I was just trying to get a sense of how much your agents are leveraging that platform for the standard commercial product they're also offering?
Stephen Spray: Yes. John, Steve Spray. About 50% of the time when our E&S company writes coverage, Cincinnati Insurance company writes business on the standard side. So it's a high percentage. It's key to what we do. It works really well for the agents. It's -- I could get into a lot of detail, having the same claims rep, having -- actually having the same resources at Cincinnati Insurance Company for our agents and for those policyholders, whether it's admitted or non-admitted, is a big, big deal, and we're trying to do more and more of it. And you can see with the growth and the profitability in CSU, both have been extremely strong. So we feel really good about where that is going forward.
John Heagney: And then the rest of the book there, that's not wholesale market stuff, right? That's still giving retail agents better access to the E&S market. Is my understanding correct there?
Stephen Spray: Well, that is correct. That's exactly right. CSU, our E&S carrier and our wholly owned subsidiary, brokerage, C -- what we call C Super, only provides access to retail agents of Cincinnati Insurance company to our non-admitted offering. We do not -- our in-house brokerage does not place business in the broader E&S market. I think that might have been part of your question at the end. Only with our own non-admitted carrier and only for licensed and appointed agents of Cincinnati Insurance Company.
John Heagney: Right, right. Yes. No, I was getting at -- so the strategy is really geared towards making life easier for all your agents. It's just an agent-centric strategy.
Stephen Spray: Absolutely. Everything we do. Yes, everything we do is agency-centric.
Operator: Thank you, participants. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Steven Johnston for final remarks.
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Jesse, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. We hope to see some of you at our Annual Meeting of Shareholders on Saturday, May 7, at the Cincinnati Art Museum. You're also welcome to listen to our webcast of the meeting available at cinfin.com/investors. We look forward to speaking with you again on our second quarter call. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-16 11:00:00) =====
Disclaimer*: This transcript is designed to be used alongside the freely available audio recording on this page. Timestamps within the transcript are designed to help you navigate the audio should the corresponding text be unclear. The machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide.:
Operator: 0:05 Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker’s presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  0:30 I would now like to hand the call over to your speaker today, Mr. Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, you may proceed.
Dennis McDaniel:
 y: 1:11 On this call, you'll first hear from Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Johnston; and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Cincinnati Insurance's Chief Insurance Officer, Steve Spray; Chief Claims Officer, Marc Schambow, and Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance, Theresa Hoffer. 1:45 First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore, is not reconciled to GAAP. 2:14 And now, I will turn over the call to Steve.
Steve Johnston: 2:17 Thank you, Dennis, and good morning. Thank you for joining us today to hear more about our results. It's satisfying to see excellent operating results and overall financial performance in 2021 and for both the fourth quarter and full year. As usual, we face challenges, but our strategy continues to work well. Thanks to outstanding efforts by our associates and the independent agents who represent Cincinnati Insurance. 2:45 Net income for the fourth quarter rose $421 million compared with the fourth quarter of last year, including $346 million more benefit on an after-tax basis in the fair value of securities held in our equity portfolio. Non-GAAP operating income for the fourth quarter 2021 was up $58 million or 22% versus a year ago. And on a full year basis, it was 96% higher than 2020. 3:18 Our 84.2% fourth quarter property casualty combined ratio was 3.1 percentage points better than last year with decreased catastrophe losses this year, representing 11 points of the improvement. An outstanding full year 2021 combined ratio of 88.3% was nearly 10 points better than last year with lower catastrophe losses representing 4.1 points of the improvement. 3:49 The current accident year combined ratio before catastrophe loss effects also continued to improve and was 1.5 percentage points better than accident year 2020 measured at 12 months. We believe we can successfully balance prudent underwriting and business growth to maintain a 2022 GAAP combined ratio in the low to mid-90% range. 4:15 We also believe our 2022 property casualty premium growth rate can be 8% or more. We recognize that weather and significant changes in industry market conditions that influence insurance policy pricing trends are some of the variables that will affect the property casualty results we ultimately report. Premium growth continued at a strong pace during the quarter, reflecting a strengthening economy generally steady pricing and the benefit of great relationships with our agents. 4:48 Consolidated property casualty net written premiums rose 10% for both the fourth quarter and full year 2021. Pricing segmentation continues to be an emphasis with our underwriting working to retain and write more profitable accounts while taking appropriate action on opportunities that we determine have inadequate pricing. Renewal pricing during the fourth quarter continued to be ahead of our estimate for prospective loss cost trends for each property casualty segment. 5:22 Our commercial lines Insurance segment again, experienced mid-single-digit percentage range estimated average renewal price increases up a little for the third quarter. Our fourth quarter personal lines segment average renewal price increases slowed a little compared with the third quarter, remaining in the low single-digit range, while the excess and surplus lines insurance segment was near the low end of the high single-digit range. Our commercial lines segment had a superb year with its 83.8% combined ratio improving by 14.5 percentage points compared with 2020. and growing net written premiums by 8%. 6:06 For our personal lines segment, net written premiums grew 8% for the quarter and 6% for the year, driven by planned expansion of high net worth business produced by our agencies. Its full year 2021 combined ratio of 94.0% and improved 3.1 percentage points from a year ago, including an excellent 80.0% for the fourth quarter. Our excess and surplus line segment produced a sub-90% combined ratio for the fourth quarter and the year and grew full year net written premiums by 22%, another terrific year. 6:49 Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global, each had another year of healthy growth. Cincinnati Re grew net written premiums by 53% for the full year 2021 as reinsurance market conditions improved. It experienced a modest underwriting loss that included significant losses from Hurricane Ida. Those losses remain within our expectations of loss potential for events of Ida's magnitude based on our models. 7:19 Cincinnati Global, its 2021 premiums by 6%, with a combined ratio below 90%. Our life insurance subsidiary generated full year 2021 net income of $44 million, up 38% from a year ago and grew term life insurance earned premiums by 7%. On January 1 of this year, we again renewed each of our primary property casualty treaties that transfer part of our risk to reinsurers. For our per risk treaties, terms and conditions for 2022 are fairly similar to 2021. The main change for our property casualty treaty is retaining an additional $43 million of losses for the layers between $100 million and $600 million, while adding $47 million of coverage in a new layer between $800 million and $900 million. Rates for our property casualty treaties generally rose in the high single-digit range. We expect 2022 ceded premiums for these treaties in total to be approximately $110 million, about 3% higher than last year. I'll conclude with the value creation ratio, our primary measure of long-term financial performance. 8:45 Strong operating results measured as net income before investment gains and improved valuation of our investment portfolio, each made large contributions to VCR for both the fourth quarter and on a full year basis. With VCR of 12.1% for the quarter, VCR for the full year was 25.7%, far exceeding our average annual target range of 10% to 13%. 9:14 Now our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, will comment on some other important aspects of our financial performance.
Mike Sewell: 9:21 Thank you, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Investment income continued to grow at a strong pace, up 8% for the fourth quarter and 7% for the full year 2021 compared with the same periods a year ago. Fourth quarter dividend income was up 14%, and net equity security purchases totaled $177 million for the year. Bond interest income grew 4% in the fourth quarter, while the pretax average yield of 4.05% for the year was down 1 basis point from a year ago. 10:02 The average pretax yield for the total of purchased taxable and tax-exempt bonds during the full year 2021 was 3.47%. Investing in fixed maturity securities continues to be a priority with net purchases during the year totaling $927 million. Valuation changes for our investment portfolio during the fourth quarter of 2021 were favorable for our stock holdings in aggregate, but unfavorable for our bond holdings. The overall fourth quarter net gain was nearly $1.4 billion before tax effects despite a decrease of $82 million for unrealized gains in our bond portfolio. At the end of the fourth quarter, total investment portfolio net appreciated value was approximately $8 billion, including $7.2 billion for our equity securities. 11:07 Cash flow was very strong in the fourth quarter as it has been all year. It contributes to investment income and was a major factor in the 5% increase in interest income we reported for the year. Cash flow from operating activities for full year 2021 generated just shy of $2 billion, a 33% increase compared with a year ago. Expense management efforts in 2021 were very good, and we continue to carefully balance strategic business investments and expense controls. 11:46 The full year 2021 property casualty underwriting expense ratio was 0.5 percentage points lower than last year even with an increase of 0.7 points from higher accruals for agency profit-sharing commissions. Regarding loss reserves, our approach to reserving remains consistent and aims for net amounts in the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of net loss and loss expense reserves. As we do each quarter, we consider new information such as paid losses and case reserves and then updated estimate ultimate losses and loss expenses by accident year and line of business. 12:35 During full year 2021, we experienced $428 million of property casualty net favorable development on prior accident years. It favorably contributed to the combined ratio by 7.0%. On an all-lines basis by accident year, net reserves developed for the year was favorable by $283 million for 2020, $56 million for 2019, $44 million for 2018 and $45 million in aggregate for accident years prior to 2018. 13:16 We believe overall reserves remain adequate. During 2021, net loss and loss expense reserves in total increased by 8%. The IBNR portion increased by 6% in 2021 and which followed an increase of 18% in 2020 for IBNR. 13:38 Turning to capital management. We also follow a consistent approach, including share repurchases as part of maintenance intended to offset the issuance of shares through equity compensation plans. We believe that our year-end financial strength remained in good shape and provides plenty of financial flexibility. 14:00 During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 866,000 shares at an average price per share of $119.56. I'll conclude my prepared remarks as I typically do, with a summary of fourth quarter contributions to book value per share. They represent the main drivers of our value creation ratio. Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $1.26. Life insurance operations increased book value of $0.04. Investment income, other than life insurance and net of noninsurance items included $0.98. 14:48 Net investment gains and losses for the fixed income portfolio decreased book value per share by $0.35. Net investment gains and losses for the equity portfolio increased book value by $6.93, and we declared $0.63 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value increase of $8.23 per share during the fourth quarter to a record $81.72 per share. 15:25 And now I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: 15:29 Thanks, Mike. As I said in my opening remarks, 2021 ended with many positives. We again achieved excellent premium growth and completed a tenth straight year of underwriting profit. We extended our record of annual dividend increases to 61 years and have already set the stage for a second -- 62nd year. Earlier this month, AM Best recognized our capital strength and strong operating trends by affirming our A+ financial strength rating with a stable outlook. The key to our consistent results lies with our associates, who deliver who continue to deliver outstanding service to our agents and their clients, deepening our relationships with our agents and executing on our strategies for long-term success. 16:21 Before we open the call for questions, I want to take a minute to recognize Steve Spray's recent promotion to President of the Cincinnati Insurance Company and all of our U.S. subsidiary companies. This promotion is a natural next step in the evolution of our executive leadership team that began several years ago. 16:41 Because he's been in leadership roles across our organization, Steve has a deep understanding of what it will take to succeed far into the future. I'm confident that under his direction, our insurance subsidiaries will continue to grow deepening the products, services and capabilities we have to support our agents and create shareholder value. 17:05 As a reminder, with Mike, Steve and me today are Marc Schambow, Marty Hollenbeck and Theresa Hoffer. Joanna (ph), please open the call for questions.
Operator: 17:14  Your first question is from Mike Zaremski of Wolfe Research.
Mike Zaremski: 17:33 Hey, thanks and good morning. My first question is probably for Mike Sewell on reserves. And I believe I heard some of your prepared remarks. But I guess just, we're getting -- we've been getting a lot of questions. So if – and you have has best-in-class disclosure. So this is going to be specific. But if we look at Page 8 of the supplement, maybe you don't have it open, but I'll try to ask the question clearly. You show, if we focus on commercial lines, for example, since discloses losses incurred but not reported. And those numbers – those ratios have increased materially versus their historical averages in terms of the – in 2020, and they've been negative in 2021. And just I wanted to confirm that are those accident years, so vintage, like for this year's increase in commercial lines losses incurred but not reported of 6.9 points for the or sorry, negative 2.3 points for year -- the year 2021. Is that for the accident year '21 vintage only? Or is that for all vintages?
Steve Johnston: 18:57 Let's make sure we're clear about what you're asking here, Mike. And just if we look at the favorable development that we show in the press release and so forth that we have shown here for the quarter and the year. Are you now trying to break it down by the quarter shown as...
Mike Zaremski: 19:19 Yes. I'm trying to just look at the losses incurred, but not reported line item, which is in the loss ratio detail page, page 8 of the supplement which for the -- yes.
Mike Sewell: 19:34 Yes.
Steve Johnston: 19:36 We've got it.
Mike Sewell: 19:37 Yes, that's a great question. Yes, that's going to be really calendar year numbers and seeing that negative, you're right. That's -- I'm going to say you typically don't see that. But if I were to think about the reserves, the reserve development and what we've added in IBNR last year compared to this year, there was a bit of a difference. Last year, we was early on with COVID. There was a lot of uncertainty that was going on last year. And so with that, we had added about $456 million in IBNR in 2020 across many different lines. This year, we added about $135 million. And so you'll see that there is a decrease in that – you'll see that on Page 13 of the supplement. So as time passes, we obviously know a little bit more of what the experience is. We did see favorable development in the 2020 accident year. 20:49 And a lot of that was coming from the short-tail lines, as you might expect because we can see that a little quicker. For the long-tailed lines such as casualty, workers' comp, I think it's going to take a little bit longer to see development there. But as we've reported, and you'll see more of it coming out in our K, we did have development, a favorable development in the long-term lines. And similar to the past, it was over multiple years, so 2020, 2019, 2018 and before. And so you'll see some of our charts that we'll kind of lay that out. I always like to talk about the consistent approach we do to reserving, looking at 1 or 2 quarters does not set a trend. We've got very competent actuaries. And in fact is I don't think we've had any turnover with that group over the years. So it's a very consistent approach, looking at being in the upper half of the range. And so I'm just going to follow our actuaries lead and what they're seeing. That's a great question. Thank you for that.
Mike Zaremski: 22:08 Okay. No, that's – and sorry for not asking you probably clear enough. That's very helpful. Maybe shifting gears a little bit to personal lines. and maybe focusing on auto since it comes up a lot with investors too, given the loss inflation environment. Would you – results at least versus, I think, consensus expectations continue to be better than expected. Obviously, they've deteriorated year-over-year on an underlying basis. But just curious, I know you – since these has a more unique portfolio, regional-wise you're also moving into – increasingly into the high net worth space. Just curious, has anything surprised you maybe not just auto, too, it could be homeowners results as well. But anything that we should be thinking about as we think about how results have come in versus your expectations and I also -- I know a long-winded question, but you mentioned in the prepared remarks that pricing is ahead of prospective loss cost trends for each segment. And you also mentioned that personalized pricing is in the low-single digits, I believe. And so I'm just curious if your view is that personal lines loss cost trends are also in the low-single digits? Thanks.
Steve Johnston: 23:37 Thanks, Mike. And yes, as we look at trends, we're very prospective with our loss cost trends. So what we're doing is looking at what we estimate to be the loss cost and the perspective rating period, the prospective policy period is kind of actuarial 101 to be prospective with our pricing. And so affecting the loss cost trend would be a lot of aspects of what we're doing. We would see the inflationary trends that we all know about and read about. And we would also see what we're doing on the underwriting side, what's happening, as you mentioned, with change in mix, going to more high net worth. We've introduced a new rating tier. And so there are a lot of things that on a prospective basis are impacting the loss cost trends. And we feel really good about the direction of personal lines. If you think about for the 11 years, this is a little bit of history, but it shows our long-term focus. If you look at the 11 years from 2008 through 2018, we only made an underwriting profit for personal lines in 2 of those years, and we had a total underwriting loss of roughly $500 million. We earned a we earned an underwriting profit in each of the last 3 years with a total underwriting gain of just under $140 million. And the calendar year GAAP combined ratio for each of these last 3 years has really trended positively from 99.8% to 97.1% to 94.0%. So we really feel that we're on the right track. We've got good momentum. And we feel really good about the future prospects of personal lines.
Mike Zaremski: 25:21 That's helpful. So I'm just curious, we know that you're willing to give an overall company combined ratio goal. Given the mix shift change in personal lines, can you remind us -- have you offered a combined ratio goal that you strive for in personal lines?
SteveJohnston: 25:43 We haven't. That is not something that we have a disclosure on.
Mike Zaremski: 25:49 Okay. Thank you very much.
SteveJohnston: 25:54 Thank you, Mike.
Operator: 25:55 Your next question is from Paul Newsome of Piper Sandler.
Paul Newsome: 26:00 Good morning. Congratulations on the quarter folks.
SteveJohnston: 26:06 Thanks, Paul.
Paul Newsome: 26:06 I was hoping you could just maybe bang a little bit more on the mid-90s combined ratio goal. I think that might be a deterioration over this year. And how does that reconcile with the idea that particularly in commercial insurance, you're getting pricing, hopefully better than underlying claims costs? Are there some pieces in there, reserve  whatever that we're -- we should be thinking about?
SteveJohnston: 26:45 No, Paul, we don't feel that, that's a forecast for a deterioration. It's the all-in GAAP combined ratio that would be comparable to the 88.3% that we turned in this year. We had 7 points of favorable loss development this year. So even if it was – you make the pick, but I say it was 3.5%, that would take us to 91.8%. So we don't feel that's forecasting any kind of a deterioration. We just think that we're looking at long-term trends. And the way we are, we're fruiting around here, and we'd rather under communicate and overdeliver.
Paul Newsome: 27:30 Understood. And then back to the personal lines. Your results really have been different from the industry from a -- it appears like a frequency severity perspective. Can you maybe talk to those levels in auto why perhaps you haven't seen the biggest -- the inflationary impact that others have seen on the severity side? And if frequency for you folks is stabilized back where it was pre-pandemic? Or just thinking if you could talk a little bit to the underlying components and how they may differ from what we're seeing with the rest of the industry.
Steve Johnston: 28:17 Yes. And there's just been a lot of hard work, Paul, over -- these things don't happen overnight. It's over a period of years. And just kind of as I described that improvement in the personal lines combined ratio over the last 3 years. It started some time before that. It's -- you don't turn a battleship on a dime, and the personal lines leadership has just done a great job of addressing issues, whether it be on the state level, change in mix, change in underwriting, introducing new models, new pricing tiers. And again, the shift towards more high net worth. And that's where we're getting a lot of the new business. And when you look at what we disclosed in terms of rate changes, that's going to be more on the renewal book. So to the extent we're having great new business growth and what we feel to be a profitable segment, that affects things. So it's really the accumulation of just a lot of hard, detailed work over a number of years by the personalized leadership.
Paul Newsome: 29:29 No. Absolutely understood. I guess if you adjust for that, do you think you're seeing the same sort of series and frequency and severity that others are seeing and it's all about the reentering mix shift? Or is there something unique about your book that might make it just different from others seeing these broader trends?
Steve Johnston: 29:51 Paul, I hate to say it, but I don't pay that much of attention to others. They, other companies have different strategies, different – a lot of different things. So we give you what we're seeing, what we're doing. I think we're pretty open in our disclosure and again, feel very confident with our personal lines with the improvement we've seen now over 3 years steadily and just recognize all the hard work that's going on within our company.
Paul Newsome: 30:25 Absolutely. Congratulations on the quarter, guys. It's great. Appreciate.
Steve Johnston: 30:30 Thanks, Paul.
Operator: 30:33 Your next question is from Meyer Shields of KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: 30:39 Thanks. I want to start, if I can on commercial lines. Steve, hopefully, you can explain what is it that drove the acceleration in pricing from the third quarter to the fourth quarter? The general sense we have is that outside of cyber, rate increases are slowing down a little bit and your experience is moving in the other direction.
Steve Spray: 30:58 Meyer, this is Steve Spray. Good question. I think for us, it's risk-by-risk. It's agency-by-agency, location-by-location. We just -- you really can't look at the average with us. There's so much more in the full distribution of our rate. And I think that over time, the pricing sophistication, the segmentation, our execution of that, working with agents has just allowed us to execute on that.
Meyer Shields: 31:35 Okay. No, that's helpful. If I go back to personal lines. Obviously, the results in the fourth quarter were fantastic. But when we look broadly at the combination of the targeted customer groups and your geographic footprint, what sort of seasonality should we expect in the accident year ex-cat loss ratio for auto and home?
Steve Johnston: 32:00 I think it's best to focus on the full year. And I think generally, the way that we promulgate our loss ratio picks, we're looking at a full year as we go through time. There will be some seasonality, certainly, with catastrophe losses and so forth. But I think we've shown pretty stable results throughout the year. I think it's come from efforts of geographic diversification. An example would be what happened here in the fourth quarter with losses that -- and really bad damage that came to Kentucky. Our claims representatives just did a fantastic job of taking care of people down there. Kentucky's smaller percentage of what used to be to us as we've grown geographically and by product line, diversifying the company, and we're in a position where we think that any given catastrophe loss now has less of an impact on us than it did before. So I would focus on the annual picks. We're long term. We don't go quarter-by-quarter. We do our best to make our best estimates for reserves at every quarter and keep a longer-term view of the business.
Meyer Shields: 33:27 Okay. Perfect. And if I can throw one more in. The reserving history in Cincinnati is sort of unquestionable. Have you adjusted the inputs in terms of loss trend for -- in the guidance for 2022?
Steve Johnston: 33:41 I think our actuaries do a really good job. And you and I have talked about this before on the calls of really balancing the stability and the responsiveness of the picks. And so as we look at trends, I think we've been stable over time, not overdoing it in terms of being overly optimistic in the 2020 year when there was so much uncertainty. And you really didn't know what you were seeing in terms of the reporting patterns when you had everything to consider in terms of the economy, potential slowdown in court cases. And so I think we've been quite stable through the period of time in making our picks and they're doing the same thing as we think about 2022.
Meyer Shields: 34:37 Okay. Excellent. Thank you so much.
Operator: 34:43  Your next question is from Scott Heleniak of RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Heleniak: 35:00 Yes. Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask about the -- you had given the guidance about the premium growth rate of 8% or more for 2022. And I'm just wondering if that assumes a similar amount of agency appointments that you had, you had around 200 or so? And does it also contemplate similar growth rates by unit that you saw in 2021? I'm just wondering if you can give more detail on that 8% or better number.
Steve Spray: 35:30 Yes, Scott, Steve Spray. Yes, you can consider -- or you can expect us to continue add agencies across the country. We do it whether -- where maybe the population would dictate it or for whatever reason, an area, our growth would slow, that's when we would make agency appointment. So you can expect us to continue to add high-quality agencies to the overall percentage. As far as the -- by segment, just feel really good about the runway ahead of us in all those areas. The way we do business locally face-to-face, take the company out into the community where our agents are, make decisions locally, have our field reps to drive everything for us. And their primary function is to underwrite and price all new commercial lines business that can meet with policyholders. We just think our model and continuing to add product services for our agents. We think across all lines of business that we can continue to contribute to that growth.
Scott Heleniak: 36:43 All right. I appreciate that. I wanted to ask too about this is switching gears a little bit, but just the -- I wanted to talk about where you're deploying the proceeds you had $1.4 billion in net realized gains. You obviously had some sales in the quarter. And wonder if you can touch a little more on that where you're deploying capital. I think you had mentioned in the prepared remarks about fixed income is a priority, but just any more detail on that just because it was a larger number than normal?
Mike Sewell: 37:16 No, that's a great question. And with the operating cash flow that we did have this year. Obviously, there's different ways to deploy the capital. Steve mentioned about increasing the dividends, and we're doing that again here in 2022 with the Boards, it was about 9.5% increase. But keeping some of the funds capital within the company for future growth that Steve Spray just talked about, but then really turning it over to Marty Hollenbeck, and maybe he'll make a comment here. But adding to our investment portfolio that's growing investment overall income and having the financial strength to pay claims when they come up and are needed is very critical for us. But we turned a lot over to Marty, and I'm not sure if Marty, you might want to make a few comments?
Martin Hollenbeck: 38:12 Mike, you nailed it. Yes, we were heavy investors in the bond market, the most we have, I believe, in history. Cash is not really going to put an alternative right now. So we were consistently in the bond market. We did add to our equity positions to some degree. We do have internal monitoring controls there as to how high we would let that get. So it was a very active year for the fixed income market, particularly the taxable side of the bond portfolio.
Scott Heleniak: 38:44 Okay. Great. That's helpful. Just one last one, too, on the expense ratio. I don't know if there's any commentary or thoughts you can give on 2022. You had some improvement. It was up for Q4, but it would improve for the year. And I'm just wondering how you're thinking about that for 2022 versus 2021.
Mike Sewell: 39:06 Yeah. That's great. And sometimes it really is hard to kind of give a projection because as we just saw here in the fourth quarter and on a year-to-date basis, what's the profitability going to be for the underwriting, which is a big driver is the profit sharing and commissions for the agency. So that was a big driver this year. If you were to normalize that, I might go back to -- our goal is to have a 30% expense ratio and moving towards that. The way we do that is by watching every dollar that we spend. Of course, we're going to increase spending, everything cost more. But if we can keep that increased spending to a level that is lower than the growth of the premiums, we should be making headwinds on that or making progress towards a 30% expense ratio. So it's really hard to give guidance on that. Unless I already really know what underwriting performance is going to be. But I think I'm really excited for 2022 here.
Scott Heleniak: 40:24 Yes. Understood. Thanks a lot for your answers.
Operator: 40:32 Thank you. Presenters, I am no longer seeing any other – I think we do have a follow-up question from Mike Zaremski.
Mike Zaremski: 40:51 Great. Quick question on personal lines. Can you update us on just approximately what percentage of the portfolio is considered high net worth? Now I think the last math we did was it was approaching 50% of the book. And maybe the answer is just a simple yes. But do you expect the high net worth profitability level to be materially different than the non-high net worth portfolio. Thanks.
Steve Spray: 41:29 Yes, Mike, Steve Spray, again. Yes, our high net worth book all in is about 42% now. on a net written premium basis of all personal lines. We could not be happier with the way our high net worth initiative over time has produced and progressed. We've added a lot of expertise. We've continued to grow it. We think we're in a unique position as well because we've got -- we're -- I think we're one of the only markets out there that has both a very sizable middle-market personal lines book and a high net worth, and we have expertise in both, and it's important to our agents. It fits into our agency strategy, we can attract that much more business for our agents. And I would say, over time, if you look at just the industry over time, high net worth personal lines has outperformed middle market. Cat losses in the last few years have certainly impacted the industry, but we believe, again, over time that, that high net worth segment will potentially outperform the middle market. But we do – I will say this, we do expect both segments to make a profit. And with what we've done with pricing sophistication, segmentation, as Steve mentioned earlier, additional tiers, we're very confident in what we can do in the middle market space, too.
Mike Zaremski: 43:06 So earlier, when you kind of talked about the 10-plus year history of personal lines and how it's doing a lot better, it sounds like it's not just due to potentially the high net worth portfolio. And you're basically not fighting and telling me that the high net worth portfolio is a lot more profitable yet. Maybe there's a new business penalty even in the -- as you grow the high net worth portion of the book?
Steve Spray: 43:32 Well, yes, the answer to that -- the first part of that. Yes, middle market has continued to perform well. And that's driven -- it's fair share of that profitability overall. We expect both segments to be profitable. We're not going to – we don't want to have one segment subsidized in the other. They both do behave differently. But I think, again, we've got the expertise on both fronts to make them both grow and grow profitably and feel very good, like Steve said, about our prospects for the future for personal lines and what we're bringing to our agencies.
Mike Zaremski: 44:11 Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: 44:15 Presenters, I am no longer seeing any questions on the queue. I'd like to turn the call over back to Mr. Steve Johnston, CEO.
Steve Johnston: 44:24 Thank you, Joanna. And thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter 2022 call. Have a great day.
Operator: 44:33 Thank you, presenters. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining, you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.  I would now like to hand the call over to your speaker today, Mr. Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, you may proceed.
Dennis McDaniel : Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer at Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Yesterday, we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link and a navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you'll first hear from Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Johnston; and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions.  At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Cincinnati Insurance's Chief Insurance Officer, Steve Spray; Chief Claims Officer, Marc Schambow, and Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance, Theresa Hoffer. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore, is not reconciled to GAAP. Now, I'll turn over the call to Steve.
Steve Johnston : Thank you, Dennis. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our third quarter results. Overall, it was another good quarter. While weather-related catastrophes were lower than a year ago, communities across our country were impacted by hail, wind, flooding and fire. As we send our field claims associates into these communities, they shine, providing excellent service in reassuring affected families and businesses. Net income for the third quarter of 2021 fell $331 million compared with the third quarter of last year due to $457 million less benefit on an after-tax basis in the fair value of securities held in our equity portfolio.  Equity portfolio fair value changes have caused significant earnings volatility for several quarters recently, and net income increased $1.3 billion for the first 9 months of 2021 compared with a year ago, despite the third quarter decrease. Non-GAAP operating income for the third quarter of 2021 more than tripled, up $146 million or 232% versus a year ago, with lower catastrophe losses on an after-tax basis contributing $31 million of the increase.  Our 92.6% third quarter 2021 property casualty combined ratio was 11 percentage points better than last year, with decreased catastrophe losses this year, representing 4.1 points of the improvement. Our current accident year combined ratio before catastrophe loss effects also continued to improve and was 2.5 percentage points better than the first 9 months of 2020. Premium growth continued at a nice pace during the quarter as a strengthening economy and great relationships we enjoy with our agents helped us grow ahead of industry estimates.  Consolidated property casualty net written premiums rose 10% in the third quarter of 2021. We continue to focus on risk segmentation, giving our underwriters the tools they need to retain and write more profitable accounts while walking away from opportunities when we determine pricing is inadequate. Renewal pricing during the third quarter continued to be ahead of our estimate for prospective loss cost trends for each property casualty segment. Our commercial lines insurance segment again experienced mid-single-digit percentage range estimated average renewal price increases, down slightly from the second quarter.  Our third quarter personal lines segment average renewal price increases slowed a little compared with the second quarter, including personal auto in the low-single-digit range, while the excess and surplus lines insurance segment continued in the high-single-digit range. Our commercial lines segment had an outstanding quarter with this 80.6% combined ratio improving by 21.8 percentage points compared with the third quarter a year ago and growing net written premiums by 10%.  For our personal lines segment, third quarter net written premiums grew 7% as it continued to benefit from planned expansion of high net worth business produced by our agencies. Its third quarter 2021 combined ratio was higher than a year ago, largely due to driving patterns moving towards pre-pandemic levels, increasing our personal auto loss ratio.  Personal auto still produced a small underwriting profit for the third quarter and for the first 9 months of 2021, our personal lines segment in total had an underwriting profit.  Our excess and surplus line segment produced a sub-95% combined ratio for the third quarter and the first 9 months of the year and grew third quarter net written premiums by 30%. The Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global each grew net written premiums in the third quarter of 2021. While both experienced significant losses from Hurricane Ida leading to underwriting losses for the quarter, we weren't surprised by the level of loss we saw for an event of this magnitude based on our models. Our life insurance subsidiary produced third quarter 2021 net income of $11 million and grew term life insurance earned premiums by 8%. I'll conclude with the value creation ratio, our primary measure of long-term financial performance. Strong operating results measured as net income before investment gains were the largest component of our VCR for both the third quarter and the first 9 months of the year. VCR through September 30, 2021, was 12.4%, already reaching our annual average target range of 10% to 13%. Now our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, will add perspective on some other areas of our financial performance.
Mike Sewell : Thank you, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Investment income grew nicely during the third quarter of 2021, up 7% compared with the same period a year ago. Third quarter dividend income was up 11%, and net purchases for the equity portfolio totaled $153 million for the first 9 months of the year. Interest income from our bond portfolio grew 7%, and the pretax average yield was 4.06%, up 3 basis points from the third quarter a year ago. The average pretax yield for the total of purchased taxable and tax-exempt bonds during the third quarter of 2021 was 3.43%. Investing in the fixed maturity portfolio continues to be a priority with net purchases during the first 9 months of the year totaling $694 million. Valuation changes for our investment portfolio during the third quarter of 2021 were modestly unfavorable for both our stock and bond portfolios.  The overall third quarter net loss was $158 million before tax effects, including $105 million for our equity holdings and $80 million for our bond holdings. At the end of the third quarter, total investment portfolio net appreciated value was approximately $6.7 billion, including $5.8 billion for our equity securities. Cash flow was very strong in the third quarter, as it has been all year. It contributes to investment income and was a major factor in the 7% increase in interest income we reported for the third quarter. Cash flow from operating activities for the first 9 months of 2021 generated $1.5 billion, a 36% increase compared with a year ago period. Expense management is another area we focus, always trying to optimize the balance of strategic business investments and expense controls. The third quarter 2021 property casualty underwriting expense ratio was 0.9 percentage points higher than last year's third quarter, including 1.2 points due to higher accruals for profit sharing commissions for agencies. Moving on to loss reserves. Our approach to reserving remains consistent and aims for net amounts in the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of net loss and loss expense reserves. As we do each quarter, we consider new information, such as paid losses and case reserves, and then updated estimated ultimate losses and loss expenses by accident year and line of business. During the third quarter of 2021, we experienced $102 million of property casualty net favorable development on prior accident years. It favorably contributed to the combined ratio by 6.4% for the quarter.  On an all-lines basis by accident year, net reserve development for the first 9 months of the year was favorable by $225 million for 2020, $46 million for 2019, $39 million for 2018 and $21 million in aggregate for all accident years prior to 2018. Regarding capital management, we also follow a consistent approach, including share repurchases as part of a maintenance intended to offset issuance of shares through equity compensation plans. We believe that our quarter end financial strength was in good shape and provides plenty of financial flexibility. During the third quarter, we repurchased approximately 100,000 shares at an average price per share of $119.3. I'll conclude my prepared remarks as I typically do, with a summary of third quarter contributions to the book value per share. They represent the main drivers of our value creation ratio.  Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.59. Life insurance operations increased book value by $0.05. Investment income other than life insurance and net of noninsurance items added $0.81. Net investment gains and losses for the fixed income portfolio decreased book value per share by $0.39. Net investment gains and losses for the equity portfolio decreased book value by $0.51, and we declared $0.63 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value decrease of $0.08 per share during the third quarter to $73.49 per share. And now I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Mike. The COVID-19 pandemic has continued to demand flexibility in how we accomplish our day-to-day tasks. However, by staying focused on the steady execution of our long-term initiatives, we are able to keep producing these strong results. We have the people, the technology and the drive to continue delivering strong value for shareholders for years to come. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Marc Schambow, Marty Hollenbeck and Theresa Hoffer. Grace, please open the call for questions.
Operator:  The first question comes from the line of Paul Newsome from Piper Sandler.
Paul Newsome : I'm curious as to whether or not you are seeing any of the same issues that some others have reported in personal lines with trying to get rate and getting push back from the regulators. Because obviously, there was kind of effectively a windfall last year, but that's, I think, obviously temporary, but it doesn't really go into the math of how you file rates. Any thoughts on that? And if you -- are you seeing any some of the same issues that some others are seeing?
Steve Johnston : Well, I would say our relationships with our regulators are good that -- as a general statement that we are doing fine and getting rate increases or just changes to our rate structure approved. There are obviously some states that are tougher than others. But I think overall, again, with good relationships with the regulators, we're in a good position vis-a-vis getting adjustments to our rating plans approved.
Paul Newsome : Great. And a broad question, I think, on inflation trends. Some of your peers have talked about the potential for a little bit higher inflation, particularly in the commercial lines side as we see maybe a resumption of cases coming through the courts and maybe perhaps a lag effect with some of the inflation that we've seen early on in home and auto showing up in the commercial line side of the house. Any thoughts on that? Do you think that's a reasonable assumption? And does it show up in any way in your own numbers?
Steve Johnston : We certainly see the prospects. There’s social inflation. There’s the inflation of the cost and goods that we use to settle claims for cars, for houses, the supply chain issues, there could be lags in the court system and so forth. We build this all into our models. And as we look at what we see to be loss cost trends, we try to be very prospective and look forward into what we think loss cost will be in the prospective policy period that we will be ensuring and feel comfortable that we’re getting rate that is ahead of those loss cost trends in each of our segments.
Paul Newsome : Great. Congrats on the quarter. Always appreciate your insights.
Steve Johnston : Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Next up, we have Mike Zaremski from Wolfe Research.
Charlie Lederer: This is actually Charlie Lederer on for Mike. So for my first question, can you talk about the sustainability of the strong underlying margins? Were there any like notable like current year reserve development that benefited it?
Steve Johnston : We feel good, Charlie, about the sustainability of our results as we look forward with estimates of loss cost trends and pricing. And feel comfortable in making our best estimates of our reserves, and we're very optimistic for the future performance of the underwriting of the company.
Charlie Lederer: Okay. And I know you mentioned the reserve releases by accident year. Could you give any color around the releases, particularly from the recent accident years?
Mike Sewell: Yes. Charlie, this is Mike Sewell. So related to, as I mentioned, for the quarterly, it was 6.4 points. There was certain areas that were more on the current more recent accident years, which is probably no surprise when you think about the short tail lines, which would be commercial property, commercial auto, all of the personal lines, so mainly those developments were favorable in accident year 2020. But even with that, I'd be cautious with -- there's a lot of uncertainty with the pandemic and other things going on around there. If I look at the workers' compensation, that's one of our longest tails that we have. That one has favorable development that I would say goes over several accident years back a few years. So you're seeing favorable development there. The claims frequency seems to have declined a little bit, but we put a lot of cost control measures in over the years that has really been benefiting the workers' comp line of business. And then lastly, commercial casualty, really there, looking at the paid loss, case reserve data over time are important factors for how that -- how those develop. Those have been favorable and some of the more recent accident years, the last couple, not just the last one. But as we look at in total for the property casualty business, you look at paid losses as a percent to incurred. It was up slightly for year-to-date 2021 versus last year, but it is below the 2017 through 2019 averages. So you'll see that in our supplement.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Dwelle from RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Dwelle : Just a couple of questions. First, on the E&S unit, there was -- it wasn’t very much in dollar terms, but there was a reserve addition there. I was wondering if you could talk about that in a little more detail as those are sort of rare.
Steve Johnston : I just think as we look at the environment, Mark, we see a little bit maybe -- I don’t know if you call it but a slowdown in the settlement rate there as we have claims that are taking a little bit longer to settle. And so in terms of coming up with our best estimate there, we want to recognize that, and that’s what you’re seeing.
Mark Dwelle : Okay. The second question I wanted to ask, I mean, you had a pretty strong growth in new business, certainly over the last year, but it was a pretty good quarter for new business. Anything that you’re seeing in terms of the type of customers that you’re winning or geographic spread of where you’re winning? Just a little bit of color on where the new stuff is coming from.
Steve Spray: Yes, Mark, this is Steve Spray. We’re seeing it across our entire footprint. And I think it -- as you mentioned, there’s a little bit of an easier comp from the pandemic year last year. But I just think it -- again, it is execution of our agency-focused strategy, doing business locally, face-to-face with our agents, building deep relationships, underwriting and pricing, every single account policy by policy. We’re out there. We’re aggressively trying to help our agents write business solve problems. Our field reps, our field underwriters. We use that interchangeably, have the same pricing tools that our renewal underwriters have here. So we feel good about the pricing of the new business that we’re writing. It’s just -- I think it’s just continued solid execution, quite frankly, across all of our segments on the new business front, and it goes those deep relationships we have with our agents.
Mark Dwelle : And then one other question also kind of relating mainly to renewals and the extent that you’re getting premium audits that are flattering results a little bit. Can you just talk about kind of exposure unit growth? And to what degree that impacted the overall premium growth in the quarter?
Steve Spray: Sure. So on -- for commercial lines all in, I would say that for the premium increase, about -- it’s about half rate and about half exposure.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of James Bach from KBW.
James Bach: So you mentioned that the percent of paid losses to incurred was up. And I just wanted to see if you could give a little more detail on the negative 35% in IBNR that was reported for commercial lines on the quarter, just kind of some more detail on that?
Steve Johnston : Well, I think our actuaries, they look at a variety of methodologies. They use several methods. They look at a lot of different data points. In addition to paid losses, they'll look at case reserves, incurred losses, try to get an estimate for what we're seeing in terms of inflationary factors and set the best estimate that we can every quarter. And I think it's been a good track record now with 31 or 32 years in a row now where we've had favorable development. So we're very confident, it's an experienced team that hasn't changed over the years and feel comfortable with the estimates that they're making.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call over back to our CEO, Mr. Steven Johnston, for any closing remarks. Sir?
Steve Johnston : Thank you, Grace. Excellent job with the call. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking to you -- with you again on our fourth quarter call. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, presenters. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-29 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. Please go ahead.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel at Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2021 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you’ll first hear from Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer Steve Johnston; and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Cincinnati Insurance’s Chief Insurance Officer, Steve Spray; Chief Claims Officer, Marc Schambow; Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance, Theresa Hoffer. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore, is not reconciled to GAAP. Now I’ll turn over the call to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Dennis, and good morning, and thank all of you for joining us today to hear more about our second quarter results. We had another quarter of strong operating performance as we remain focused on steady progress toward profitably growing our insurance business over time. Financial results benefited from several areas, including excellent investment management and ongoing efforts to continually improve insurance operations. Net income for the second quarter of 2021 decreased by $206 million compared with the second quarter of last year, primarily due to $439 million less benefit on an after-tax basis in the fair value of securities held in our equity portfolio. Equity portfolio fair value changes caused significant earnings volatility for several quarters since early 2020. And net income for the first six months of 2021 increased by $1.6 billion from a year ago. Non-GAAP operating income was up $221 million or 311% for the quarter, with lower catastrophe losses on an after-tax basis, contributing $136 million of the increase. Our 85.5% property casualty combined ratio was 17.6 percentage points better than a year ago, with decreased catastrophe losses in the second quarter representing 12.6 points of the improvement. The current accident year combined ratio before catastrophe loss effects also continued to improve and was 2.0 percentage points better than last year for the second quarter and 3.5 points better on a six-month basis. Our underwriters emphasize segmentation of risks, working to retain more profitable accounts, and obtaining better pricing on business that we identify as less profitable. At the same time, we are diversifying risks by product line and geography while excellent service from our claims operation also helps grow our business. Premiums grew at an impressive rate for the second quarter in a row, reflecting expertise and focus by our associates and great production by the premier independent agents who represent Cincinnati Insurance. Consolidated property casualty net written premiums rose 10% in the second quarter of 2021. We continue to believe we are growing profitably by combining data and judgment as we underwrite and price business. We also recognize the importance of remaining disciplined and walking away from opportunities when we determine pricing is inadequate. Renewal pricing during the second quarter continued to be ahead of our estimate for prospective loss cost trends for each property casualty segment. Our commercial and personal lines insurance segments, again experienced mid-single-digit percentage range estimated average price increases, while the excess and surplus lines insurance segment continued in the high single-digit range. Each insurance segment grew its business and produced improved profit compared with the second quarter a year ago. Our commercial lines segment had superb results with its 84.2% combined ratio improving by 14.9 percentage points compared with the second quarter a year ago and growing net written premiums by 8%. For our personal lines segment, second-quarter net written premiums grew 4%, continuing to benefit from planned expansion of high net worth business produced by our agencies. Its combined ratio of 92.7% also improved significantly, down 19.6 percentage points from the second quarter a year ago. Our excess and surplus line segment produced a combined ratio below 90%, while also growing net written premiums by an impressive 26% and posting favorable reserve development on prior accident years for the third time in the past four quarters. Cincinnati Re continued its strong diversified and profitable growth as net written premiums grew 62% in the second quarter, with an excellent combined ratio of nearly 80%. Its seasoned, talented team, is taking advantage of firmer reinsurance pricing, while at the same time, maintaining underwriting discipline as they typically decline three out of four opportunities to write new reinsurance contracts among hundreds that they are routinely submitted in a quarter. Cincinnati Global again produced a fine underwriting profit with an exceptional loss and loss expense ratio as favorable reserve development on prior accident year catastrophes offset most of its other losses. Its net written premiums decreased a little as underwriters have been reducing catastrophe loss risk while growing some newer lines of business. Our life insurance subsidiary had another good quarter, reporting second-quarter net income up 17% from a year ago and growing life insurance earned premiums by 2%. I’ll conclude with the value-creation ratio, our primary measure of long-term financial performance. Strong operating results and favorable securities markets produced an excellent VCR at 7.3% for the second quarter and 11.6% for the first half of the year. The contribution from operations measured as net income before investment gains was 4.8% for the first six months of 2021, up 2.7 percentage points from a year ago. Now our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, will comment on a few other important areas of our financial performance.
Mike Sewell: Thank you, Steve, and thanks for all of you joining us today. Our investment portfolio continued to perform very well during the second quarter of 2021, including investment income growth of 5%. Dividend income was up 13% for the second quarter compared with the same quarter a year ago. For the first half of the year, net purchases for the equity portfolio totaled $42 million. Interest income from our bond portfolio grew 3% and the pre-tax average yield was 4.02%, down nine basis points from the second quarter a year ago. The yield on a six-month basis matched last year’s first half. The average pre-tax yield for the total of purchased taxable and tax-exempt bonds during the second quarter of 2021 was 3.33%. Investing in the fixed maturity portfolio continues to be a priority, with net purchases during the first six months of the year totaling $465 million. Investment portfolio valuation changes for the second quarter of 2021 were favorable for both our stock portfolio and our bond portfolio. The overall net gain was $652 million before tax effects, including $489 million for our equity portfolio and $141 million for our bond portfolio. At the end of the second quarter, total investment portfolio net appreciated value was approximately $6.9 billion, including $5.9 billion in our equity portfolio. We had another quarter of strong cash flow, again, contributing to investment income. Cash flow from operating activities for the first six months of 2021 generated $917 million, up 49% from a year ago. Expense management is always an important matter as we work to achieve a good balance between strategic business investments and expense controls. The second quarter of 2021 property casualty underwriting expense ratio was 0.6 percentage points lower than last year’s second quarter which included a stay-at-home policyholder credit for personal auto policies and higher credit losses due to uncollectible premiums. The second-quarter ratio was higher than the first quarter of this year, largely due to higher accruals related to profit sharing in the second quarter and lower expenses in the first quarter that benefited from less business travel. Next, I’ll highlight a few items regarding loss reserves and reinsurance. Our approach to reserving remains consistent and aims for net amounts in the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of net loss and loss expense reserves. During the second quarter of 2021, we experienced $119 million of property casualty net favorable development on prior accident years. The combined ratio effect was 7.8% for the quarter. As we do each quarter, we consider new information such as paid losses and estimate ultimate losses and loss expenses by accident year and line of business. Based on our study of new data during the year, we update estimates as needed. Together, our workers’ compensation and commercial casualty lines of business represent about half of our $7 billion quarter-end total gross property casualty loss and loss expense reserves and they had the largest amounts of second-quarter favorable net reserve development. Workers’ compensation has the longest tail as claims can remain open for many years. While the amount of reserve release for any given accident year was relatively small, the aggregate amount was $27 million. Commercial casualty paid loss development by accident year over time is an important factor in estimating ultimate losses. Calendar-year basis data is not as useful. For example, while the second-quarter 2021 paid loss total for commercial casualty was higher than a year ago, for the first six months of 2021, it was 15% less than what we saw prior to the pandemic in the first half of 2019 despite earned premiums that were 13% higher in 2021. Net favorable reserve development during the second quarter was concentrated in the four most recent accident years, including a little more than two-thirds for accident years 2017 through 2019. On an all-lines basis by accident year, net reserve development for the first half of the year was favorable by $170 million for 2020, $26 million for 2019, $15 million for 2018, and $80 million in aggregate for accident years prior to 2018. Nearly 80% of the 2020 amount was for property or auto lines of business, which have a much shorter tail than workers’ compensation or commercial casualty. Regarding reinsurance, we disclosed in our 10-Q that we non-renewed our combined property catastrophe occurrence excess of loss treaty that provided up to $50 million of coverage for business written on a direct basis and by Cincinnati Re. And we restructured the reinsurance program in place for Cincinnati Re only that provides property catastrophe excess of loss coverage now with a total available aggregate limit of $48 million. Another reinsurance detail we disclosed pertains to cyber insurance that we offer as an affirmative coverage option on various policies. Some recent industry reports indicate that on a direct written premium basis, Cincinnati Insurance is among the 20 largest cyber insurers in the U.S. Premiums for those policies are ceded to a reinsurer, therefore transferring substantially all of that risk. I’ll briefly comment on capital management. Our approach remains consistent, and we ended the quarter with outstanding financial strength and financial flexibility. In typical fashion, I’ll wrap up my prepared [Technical Difficulty] our value-creation ratio. Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $1.08. Life insurance operations increased book value $0.07. Investment income other than life insurance and net of non-insurance items added $0.80. Net investment gains and losses for the fixed income portfolio increased book value per share by $0.69. Net investment gains and losses for the equity portfolio increased book value by $2.40. And we declared $0.63 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value increase of $4.41 per share during the second quarter to a record-high $73.57 per share. And now I’ll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thanks, Mike. It’s satisfying to see the steady execution of our initiatives producing these strong results. In June and July brought a return of business travel and a return of our headquarters associates working together in person, it’s wonderful to see so many familiar faces in the hallway and to be able to get out from behind our desks to visit with agents and our field teams across the country. This return to a bit of normalcy has produced an energy that you can feel across our organization, bringing with it lots of optimism for the future of Cincinnati Financial. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Marc Schambow, Marty Hollenbeck, and Theresa Hoffer. Polly, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Derek Han with KBW.
Derek Han: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Good morning. Yes. I just had a question on the commercial growth. You’ve obviously had impressive commercial growth in the second quarter at 7.6%. But just given the rapid economic normalization that you’ve talked about, I would have maybe expected the premium growth to be a little higher. Was that just a function of prudent cycle management that you’ve had in the past, maybe non-renewing some of the unprofitable businesses?
Steve Spray: Hi, Derek. This is Steve Spray. Yes. I think it’s a great question. Our new business for commercial lines has continued to improve throughout the first half of this year, getting back post, I guess, pre-COVID. And it’s always a balance between the growth and profitability. And the way our new business underwriters in the field and our headquarters underwriters here are executing on pricing sophistication, pricing segmentation and just balancing that with new business growth, we’re pretty pleased with where we are now and candidly feel like we’ve got a good runway ahead of us to continue as we get back to calling agents face to face and taking advantage of those opportunities.
Derek Han: Got you. That’s helpful. And just on a related note, you previously guided for 6% or higher top-line growth for this year. Your first half is obviously well above the 6% mark. And the second-quarter growth of 9.9% wasn’t really driven by easier comps. So how should we think about the growth in the second half, including commercial?
Steve Johnston: Yes. Thanks, Derek. This is Steve Johnston. And we feel good about the growth in total, and it’s coming really from all of our segments. I would point out that Cincinnati Re represented 5 percentage points of the 11% growth for the first half. And I think we hope that market conditions continue to be just as they are with the reinsurance market, but there’s always a chance that can change. I guess there’s just uncertainty, the economy could weaken. So there are things that could impact the growth, but we really do feel good about our growth, good about our growth prospects, really confident in the business that Cincinnati Re is bringing to us with their growth and really across every one of our operational areas.
Derek Han: Got it. Thanks. And if I can squeeze just one more question in, within workers’ comp, you had material favorable reserve development, but the core loss-share kind of picked up higher sequentially. Is there a driver behind that?
Steve Johnston: I think with the workers’ comp just there’s been rate pressure. Throughout the industry, there’s been a lot of talk of it kind of maybe bottoming out and so forth. That has had an impact. But I think our team has just done a great job with the workers’ compensation in terms of pricing, underwriting, segmenting the business. And so we feel good about our prospects and workers’ compensation over the little bit longer term.
Derek Han: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you for all the answers.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Mark Dwelle with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Dwelle: Yes. Good morning. A couple of questions. First, maybe looking first at personal lines, I guess it was a very good result in the quarter. I guess I was a little bit surprised that the accident year margin, actually, it was a little bit better in the second quarter than in the first quarter. It did obviously deteriorate against a year ago, but not nearly by as much as we’ve seen with a lot of other personal lines writers given all of the increased business activity back to work more normal driving behavior. So I was just – I was curious to see what you were seeing in the data that might kind of outline with that?
Steve Spray: Mark, Steve Spray again, and maybe Steve Johnston and I can tag team on this one. Over the last couple of years, we’ve really had to take some specific – or some underwriting on pricing actions specific states. And I think that is showing up in the results. At the same time, we’ve continued to build out our pricing sophistication tools, segmentation, and personal lines and you can see that showing up and improving our new business results as well. So I think that – hopefully, that gets to the question as far as just the improved results. It’s on multiple fronts and specifically taking some more aggressive action in some specific states that have needed it. And you can also see that, that’s putting some pressure just on the net written premium growth as well.
Mark Dwelle: Within your personal lines, what percentage of the business is sort of auto-related as compared to homeowners-related?
Mike Sewell: Yes. We have that here for the quarter. The personal lines written premium was $166 million – I’m sorry, the personal auto written premium was $166 million; homeowners $211 million; and then the other personal, which would be everything that goes with the Inland Marine and so forth of $62 million.
Mark Dwelle: Yes. That’s probably a factor as well. You’ve got a richer homeowners mix than many peers do. Okay. Thanks for that. The second question that I had really related to the commercial lines, you partly addressed it earlier, but in thinking about the overall growth rate in the quarter for premiums, how would you – if you had to just generally segment between growth that was driven by exposure unit growth at your customers, just expanded unit counts or underlying policy size versus just true price, an easy way to kind of divide that up?
Steve Spray: Yes. I think I would say it’s a little bit of all of it, Mark. This is Steve Spray again. Price is certainly making an impact there, retention. And then we are seeing exposures in our commercial lines book returned to almost – they’re getting close to pre-COVID exposure basis. And it really depends on I think probably for any carrier, especially for us, just your mix as well in different segments, different industry segments are impacted differently from COVID. Just as an example, construction, and manufacturing, real estate all held up pretty well throughout COVID and in the first half of 2021. And so that we have a fair amount of that business on our books and some other industry segments maybe didn’t fare as well and would impact us less also. So there’s a lot of moving parts there.
Mark Dwelle: Okay. I appreciate that. And then two other questions. One, could you just provide a kind of a general update on some of the business interruption litigation that I mean, this time it was the only thing we could talk about this time a year ago. Obviously, a certain amount of time has passed, and just kind of an update on what you continue to see and what proportion of the reserves that are set up a year ago might still remain in IBNR?
Steve Johnston: Sure. I’ll take that one, Mark. And I think it’s fair to say that our BI litigation continues to progress pretty well. During the quarter, we received the first appellate court decision that considered our policy language and it confirmed that there was no coverage. And the overwhelming majority of trial courts from across the country continue to apply the policy language as we had anticipated. We’ve said before that we believe our policy language that requires direct physical loss or damage to property to trigger coverage is clear and that the virus does not cause direct physical loss or damage to property. So we think that the BI litigation continues to progress pretty well. In terms of the amounts, they have been relatively consistent with really no material changes during the quarter.
Mark Dwelle: Okay. Thank you for that. And then just one last question, within – and this is just kind of getting used to these new business units. Within Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global, are either of those businesses likely to have exposure to some of the flooding that has been occurring in Europe recently?
Steve Johnston: We’ve been keeping a close eye on that, and we don’t think that there’s a material exposure there. It’s still early from everything, we can tell to this point, no material damage there.
Mark Dwelle: Okay. Thanks for that. Those are all my questions.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Mark. Excellent questions.
Operator: And thank you. And at this time, there are no further audio questions. We’ll now turn the call back over to Mr. Steve Johnston for closing remarks.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Polly, and thanks for all of you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter call. Have a great day.
Operator: And thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-29 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants lines are in listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. . Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. . Thank you. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel at Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2021 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter-end investment portfolio.
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our first quarter results. We were pleased with operating performance, and believe it reflects our proven strategy and careful execution as we seek to continue growing profitably over the long term.  Net income for the first quarter of 2021 rose by $1.8 billion compared with the first quarter a year ago, and included increases in the fair value of our equity security portfolio. Non-GAAP operating income was up $85 million or 62% for the quarter despite higher catastrophe losses, reducing it on an after-tax basis by $21 million more than last year. Our 91.2% property casualty combined ratio was 7.3 percentage points better than a year ago, with elevated catastrophe losses this year causing an increase of 1.3 points.  The current accident year loss and loss expense ratio before catastrophe loss effects continued to improve and was 2.3 percentage points better than the same quarter a year ago.  Our results continue to benefit from efforts to diversify risks by product line and geography, and likewise, from segmentation of risks as we underwrite and price policies. While economic effects of the pandemic and pricing discipline continued to slow commercial lines' new business premium growth, we believe we are growing our business profitably, and our relationships with the independent agents who represent us are as strong as ever. 
Michael Sewell: Thank you, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Our first quarter 2021 investment performance was quite good as investment income grew 5%. Dividend income rose 9% for the first quarter and net purchases for the equity portfolio totaled $13 million.  Interest income from our bond portfolio grew 5% compared with the same quarter a year ago. The pretax average yield was 4.14%, up 10 basis points from the first quarter of last year. The average pretax yield for the total of purchased taxable and tax-exempt bonds during the first quarter was 3.71%. We continue to invest in the fixed maturity portfolio, with net purchases during the first three months of the year totaling $137 million.  Investment portfolio valuation changes for the first quarter of 2021 were favorable for our stock portfolio, but unfavorable for our bond portfolio. The overall net gain was $308 million before tax effects, including $491 million for our equity portfolio, offsetting a decrease of $193 million for our bond portfolio. We ended the quarter with total investment portfolio net appreciated value of approximately $6.3 billion, including $5.4 billion in our equity portfolio.  Cash flow continues to help boost investment income. Cash flow from operating activities for the first three months of 2021 was very strong, and generated $354 million, up 112% from a year ago.  Expense management is always an important matter and we aim to balance strategic business investments with expense controls. The first quarter 2021 property casualty underwriting expense ratio was 3.0 percentage points lower than last year's first quarter. The pandemic continued to cause lower spending for several items, such as business travel. We expect some of those expenses could return to a more normal rate in future quarters as restrictions lift and people feel more comfortable meeting in person.  In terms of loss reserves, our consistent approach aims for net amounts in the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of net loss and loss expense reserves. During the first quarter of 2021, we experienced a fair amount of property casualty net favorable development on prior accident years. The combined ratio effect was 7.4 percentage points for the quarter or $110 million, and was higher than a typical quarter. 
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Mike. Before we close, I want to thank our associates for their continued focus and dedication. While still balancing serving customers and ever-changing pandemic conditions, our claims associates, both in the field and at headquarters, worked together to deliver our hallmark of fair and empathetic claim service to the many policyholders impacted by severe winter weather over the past few months.  We've continued to release new products and services, creating additional ways to help the independent agents who represent us, grow profitably and offer value to their clients.
Operator: . Your first question comes from the line of Mark Dwelle from RBC Capital. 
Mark Dwelle: A couple of questions. I was hoping you could talk through a little bit more detail related to – the prior reserve release related to the catastrophe events. Are those like 2020 events? Or do they go back further than that? Very unusual to have such a large adjustment for cats?
Michael Sewell: That's a great question. I appreciate it. It does seem a little high. So it was 2 points in total for the prior-year development. The largest, really, when you look at it, was coming through on our primary business related to 2020 cats, but it was widespread. There was at least 10 cats in there where we had $1 million to $2 million favorable adjustments. And then there was many other smaller items that were below the $1 million range.  When you also look at CGU, it was really concentrated around three items. The first one was Delta. That was in 2020. That was about a $5 million favorable adjustment. Sally, that was also in 2020. That was a $3 million adjustment. And then I think it was the previous year, there was the Australia wildfire, and that was $2 million. So, when you add it all up, it's about $30 million, and that's your 2 points of favorable development on cats.
Mark Dwelle: I see. So, ultimately, this was more about, like, as you said, almost a dozen small adjustments rather than one big adjustment where you kind of miscalled it or something?
Michael Sewell: That's exactly right, Mark. You hit it. Thank you. That was a great question.
Mark Dwelle: The second question that I had related to the sizable level of growth in Cincinnati Re. Again, that's a fairly new business unit. So, I'm not really used to what the – it doesn't have a lot of historical run rate data. So, I guess, I'm curious, two things. One is kind of where you saw opportunity that prompted such a large increase in writing. And then maybe thinking a little bit longer term, how you think about that business and how large that business might be relative to – it's, obviously, going to be smaller than the core business. But how large would you suppose that could eventually become?
Steven Johnston: Good question. This is Steve Johnston. Basically, the short answer is, we just have a talented team there that's well connected, and they're supported by great financial strength here of the organization that just had the opportunity to take advantage of firming prices, firming conditions.  And it is an allocated capital model. We didn't form a Cincinnati Re. It's written on the Cincinnati Insurance Company paper. It's got the full strength of our balance sheet. And what we ask is that they just opportunistically try to estimate how much capital they would need for each contract that they enter into. And if we can hit the hurdle rate and if it can be diversified the way we want it to be, then we want them to grow.  If things would turn and go in the other direction, that's an area where it could turn and go in the other direction in terms of writings if the market would turn. But in this quarter, really, across the board, Cincinnati Re had opportunity to take advantage of firming prices and improving terms and conditions and to grow the way they did. 
Mark Dwelle: Was the growth primarily in property-oriented lines? Or was it casualty-oriented or maybe a mix?
Michael Sewell: It was across the board. It maybe have been a little bit more casualty and specialty. But it was across the board where we saw opportunity for good pricing and fair terms and conditions.
Mark Dwelle: I guess, my last question, really just – you commented a little bit in the opening remarks, but just in terms of the market conditions, the pricing behavior that you're seeing, would you characterize the pricing environment as continuing to improve? Or is it beginning to stabilize a little bit that while it's still at positive pricing levels?
Steven Johnston: As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we do feel that we're getting rate that's ahead of loss cost trends. And I think what's important is that we are looking at this policy by policy, coverage by coverage, state by state. It's more of a ground-up approach than a top-down approach. And we still – we see a consistent pricing environment. I have heard some industry comments that it might be tapering off a little bit. But as you look back through history, our increases may have been a little bit less than others over that period of time. I think that's driven a lot by mix and all the details that I described, and we are just taking our steady approach forward that we think is appreciated by our agents and their clients and getting fair and adequate pricing, risk by risk, policy by policy.
Mark Dwelle: Do you think your multiyear policies approach, do you think that that enhances your ability to capture rate as the market moves or does it inhibit it?
Steven Johnston: Well, it's a steadying influence, Mark. I think as rates go up, we will have prices that are in position for three years, same when they go down. The retention is very high on the three-year policies and we just think that stable long-term approach to relationships with our agents and their customers is a winning formula that's proven to work well for us for decades really. And we think we can manage it with the experience we have in it in terms of pricing appropriately for the three-year contracts.
Operator: Thank you. . There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call over back to Mr. Johnston. Please go ahead, sir.
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Patricia. And thank you for joining us today. We hope some of you will join us for our virtual shareholder meeting on Saturday, May 8 at 9:30 AM Eastern. While we intend to resume in-person meetings at some point in the future, for now, virtual meetings are the best way to keep shareholders, agents and associates safe. Please visit www.cinfin.com for details on how to register for the meeting. We look forward to speaking with you again on our second quarter call. Thank you. And have a great day.
Operator: This does concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-11 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Cincinnati Financial Corporation's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. 
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel at Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you'll first hear from Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Johnston; and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Cincinnati Insurance's Chief Insurance Officer, Steve Spray; Chief Claims Officer, Marc Schambow and Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance, Theresa Hoffer. Please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore, is not reconciled to GAAP. Now I'll turn over the call to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Everyone knows that this past year was full of challenges. We worked closely with the independent agents who represent us to react quickly to changing needs of their clients as the pandemic progressed and to keep business flowing. The communities we serve saw an unusually high level of catastrophe activity. While no one likes to witness the pain and destruction these events bring, it is when our field claims representative shine delivering support with empathy and warrant. Our headquarters associates remain focussed on our key priorities even though they have had to adapt to working at home, balancing family and business responsibilities in new ways. Despite those challenges, our associates and agents responded with determination and focus, helping us to produce the healthy financial performance we reported today. Net income for the fourth quarter of 2020 rose 68% compared with the fourth quarter a year ago, including increases in the fair value of our equity security portfolio.
Mike Sewell: Thank you, Steve. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. The fourth quarter of 2020 included very good investment performance, investment income grew 2% and full year 2020 growth at 4% March 2019. Dividend income rose 7% for the fourth quarter. Net purchases for the equity portfolio during 2020 totaled $184 million. Interest income for our bond portfolio grew 2% on both a fourth quarter and full year basis. The pre-tax average yield was 4.11% for the fourth quarter, one basis point below the same period a year ago. The average pre-tax yield for purchase bonds during full year 2020 was 3.97% compared with 4.14% the prior year. We continue to invest in the fixed maturity portfolio with net purchases during the year totaling $291 million. Investment portfolio valuation changes for the fourth quarter of 2020 were again favorable for both our bond and stock portfolios. The overall net gain was just over $1.1 billion before tax effects, including $975 million for our equity portfolio, and $149 million for a bond portfolio.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Mike. 2020 gave us ample opportunity to demonstrate our ingenuity and our flexibility. It's been a year we won't soon forget. And it's been a year that illustrated the strength of our company given me great confidence in the future of Cincinnati financial. As a reminder, Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Marc Schambow, Marty Hollenback and Theresa Hoffer. Erica, please open the call for questions.
Operator:  Your first question comes from Phil Stefano from Deutsche Bank.
Phil Stefano: Yes, thanks. Good morning and congrats on the quarter. Sorry, if I missed this in the prepared remarks. The 90 basis points of pandemic losses and expenses in the quarter could you just provide some details on, the actual geography or what comprised of comprised of those reserves?
Steve Johnston: Yes. So related to the pandemic for the fourth quarter, so we reported in total, it's going to be $13.4 million, which is 0.9 points on the estimated combined ratio. So related to that, so $8 million was related to legal expenses to defend ourselves on the CIC policies that do not cover there. And then there was three, just a little over 3 million for Cincinnati Re, and then a little over 2 million for CGU. And those are the ones that have the affirmative coverage. So when you add all that up the 8 million 32, it's about 13 million. So it's about 0.9 on the combined ratio. If you want on a year-to-date basis, in total now, for the legal defense, that was 30 million that we had reported, and then for Cinci Re, it was 19 million, for CGU it was just under 12 million.
Phil Stefano: Got it. Understood. These are small numbers, but either how are you thinking about the on-going nature of the pandemic, versus the affirmative coverage that you have from Cinci Re and Cinci Global. And the potential for, any COVID charges to, to continue into next year?
Steve Johnston: That that's a great question. And we watch this every quarter. Every quarter, as we close the books, we've got a, we've got to nail the reserves as best we can. So we do go through a process a lot of folks that are involved in estimating. And so in this case, there's really three camps. You've got the Cincinnati Global, the Cincinnati Re folks, and then you've got the CIC primary business side, which is primarily the claim side of the house, along with legal counsel, as they look at the number of claims that have been filed, the number of claims that are coming off. What are we doing, settling them quicker. There's just multiple factors that go into those estimates. And those estimates are redone each quarter. Of course, when you take a look at the Cincinnati Re side, the Cincinnati Global side, they're looking at the policies that they've written, that have the affirmative coverage, they know which ones they have. And so they're monitoring those throughout the quarter. And then looking at, I'll say, case basis reserves on those and making their best picks. So we are coming and reporting to the ultimate that we believe at the end of each quarter. So that's a great, great question. Hopefully I answered the question.
Phil Stefano: No, no, that's good. And just one more and I'll re-queue. Switching gears and thinking about new business. I saw in the earnings release, there was commentary that the new business premiums were down. And in some ways that reflected increased competition with fewer policies that adequate pricing levels. At the same time, it feels like we're in this firming or firm or hard market, however you want to - the terminology around it. But your renewal pricing is up mid-single digits. How do we reconcile this firming market that we're in versus the adequate pricing levels maybe not being where they need to be in in some lines?
Steve Spray: Hi Phi, it’s Steve Spray here. I would answer that with the fact that just we're in - our industry is in such a - it's just such a dynamic environment. And some of the classes of business or segments that you see that hit the headlines as far as the highest, the firming market or hardening market would be maybe in larger DNO policies, larger excess casualty policies, commercial property that would be catastrophe exposed or cat exposed coastal. Those are certainly hardening and it just varies across industry segment and class. When you get into more, I'll call it mainstream business, we're looking at every single risk on a case by case basis. We're trying to determine an adequate price for that business and I'd say our field underwriters, our agents are working through each of those accounts again, risk by risk, and just doing a great job. We've continued to see the metrics of our pricing on new business and renewals improved throughout the year. So I think that's part of it. Another part of it that I would say that I've gotten a lot of feedback from agencies and talk to enough of them that one of the phenomenon’s in a pandemic was just that, fewer policyholders were going to market with their insurance. And it typically was around, let's say, there was no pain with the incumbent carrier. They weren't getting a large rate increase, they didn't have prior loss ratio problems or challenges. And so they might just be sitting tight. For the year, they've got other things to concern themselves with. So again, it really gets back to adequate pricing.
Phil Stefano: Understood. Thank you.
Steve Spray: Thanks, Phil.
Operator: Your next question is from Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse.
Mike Zaremski: Yes, good morning. Maybe you can kind of talk to excellent underlying margins, again, this quarter. Curious if, if you guys, if you and your colleagues are recognizing, what we've been seeing, as I'm hearing is kind of a more benign frequency trend in 2020. Especially, obviously we can see them personal lines. But speaking more to the commercial lines, kind of curious if you've been reflecting some of that frequency benefit within the numbers.
Steve Johnston: Yes, Mike is Steve Johnston. And we have seen improving trends. And I think, I think part of it comes from the on-going effort that we've been doing. And Steve described in terms of our discipline, and pricing and underwriting what we're doing with the segmentation of risks, and using all the tools that we bring to the market, including our claims service, and everything that all of our field representatives do. So we've seen on-going improvement over time, pre-COVID in terms of our results. No doubt COVID and its impact on the economy have had some benefits. And it's just hard to bifurcate between the two, how much you apply to one and how much that you apply to the other. I think the key point is that we're well positioned as we go forward with our field force with all the expertise that we have, as we look forward to appropriately pricing and writing risks in the future.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, I understand that it's complicated. And there's a lot of moving parts, maybe ask a different way, maybe you can give us some color on kind of what loss trend you're assuming on the more recent accident years? Is that, is it kind of a low single digit loss trend you you're sticking with? And maybe that could give us more color?
Steve Johnston: I think the key point with the loss trend is that Re making its perspective. And so when we talk about a loss trend, we're always talking about what our estimate of the trend is going to be applicable prospectively, in this perspective, rate, rating policy period. So we'll be making a case for policies that will be effect 2021 and beyond. And so when we think about trends, we think about with everything that would affect loss costs, including what we're dealing with loss control, underwriting, the segmentation of our book. And so that's the way we look at loss cost trends, not necessarily just this past year, over the previous year, something historic. In regard to that, we do feel that the rates that we are promulgating are in excess of the loss cost trends that we're estimating.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, great. And one last question. I'll probably get back in the queue. You thanks for bringing up the Ohio Supreme Court to certify to request an answer to a key question. Is that, if you can remind us -- was that accepted by the court and is there a time line or timeframe we should think about?
Steve Johnston: No, that is still open to the court. They have not decided one way or the other on that yet.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, so they haven't decided to, to see the question just to be clear, or a or is it open?
Steve Johnston: That's correct. They haven't decided one way or the other, whether they will see the question. It's still in process.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Thank you very much.
Steve Johnston: Thank you Mike
Operator:  Your next question is from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: Thanks, one really quick one on the BI  if I can. Can you just call it how much protection remains on your 2020 catastrophe reinsurance?
Steve Johnston: I'm trying to think if we used any on the derecho. It would have been just a little bit if we did. Maybe like in the 2, 3 million of the layer.
Meyer Shields: Okay, so that's fantastic. Bigger picture question, Steve. How much credibility are your actuaries using for loss experience in 2020, given how unusual the year was?
Steve Johnston: Yes, and that's, that's the balance between and I'm telling somebody that doesn't need to be told this. You're very knowledgeable that, but it's just the balance that they're using, between responsiveness and stability to the trends. They're looking at it really in detail. It's not like one answer across the company as they do rate work and so forth. It's going on, by state by coverage by line, by year, and I think they're doing a good job of prudently. No, reflecting responsiveness and stability. It's a season that experienced and talented group of actuaries. And I think, again, to that key point of where we'll be prospectively right, adequacy wise. I think we're going to be in good position.
Meyer Shields: Okay, fantastic. And then I know you've talked in the past about your comfort with the language in I guess the CIC policies? Are there any policy language changes plan for I guess, excess and surplus or CGU or on reinsurance to exclude communicable diseases?
Steve Johnston: I would say, on our Cincinnati Re, they have as they have renewed policies that we reinsure, there have been some changes. There be the one that comes to mind.
Meyer Shields: Okay, that's perfect. Thank you so much.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Meyer.
Operator: Your next question is from Scott Heleniak, with RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Heleniak: Hi, good morning. Wonder if you could first talk on the 6% premium growth expectation you're talking about? Can you just kind of flush that out in terms of the areas that you might find most attractive on that? Is it going to be kind of similar to Q4, where you had the specialty reinsurance and E&S  kind of driving that? or how are you, how are you looking at that more by segment?
Steve Johnston: Yes, that's an overall number. And I do think it's consistent with a continuation of what we've seen. If you know we’re obviously we're out there competing every day in the market and as the market ebbs and flows and changes that it may. It may change as we go out through the year, but it reflects more of I think, what you've seen with an emphasis towards those that are a little bit slower to grow a little bit faster. I think personal lines in particular has trended pretty nicely here over the last quarter, of course, excess and surplus lines has been double digit. So yes, I think it's going to be not inconsistent with what we've seen.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. And then, along those lines, on personal lines, and you mentioned in the press release to the significant growth, and you've seen in the high net worth business, which was up 25%. And just wondering if you can talk about sort of the long term opportunities there, and it's, it does seem like it's becoming a little bit of a more competitive environment there. But just your plans on you've come a long way with that, but your plans on scaling that up over kind of the next three to five years, just geography or distribution or just any, any other thoughts on that?
Steve Johnston: Sure, Scott. Yes we're extremely pleased with what we're doing, not just in high net worth. But I think a key point here is, we, our strategy has always been an agency strategy. So I think we've got ourselves in a in a really good position with our agents. Historically, we were predominantly a middle market personal lines company. It's about a billion dollars of our billion and a half. And over the last seven years through expertise, product, service, you name it, we've grown that high net worth the words 500 million plus, today. And I think, I think we're in a really good position, sophisticated pricing tools that we have the expertise that we've brought on board, that we can, as we've always wanted to be just be the most important partner for our agents across the entire personalized segment. But as far as expanding territories, for high net worth, we've pretty much we've pretty much done that over the last five years. We've gotten into the territories where that business is predominantly resides. And I think we've got ourselves in a good position with our agents. They've shown a lot of confidence in us, obviously, with the growth. We've I think we've responded, as we would expect with claims and our coverage forms and such. So just really feel good about the direction we're going with personal lines in general, both on pricing, excuse me on profitability and growth.
Scott Heleniak: Okay, that's, that's helpful detail. And then just the last one was on the reserve releases, they kind of returned to sort of a run rate you saw in the first half of the year during the fourth quarter. And wanted to get a little more detail on two specific areas? The first is the commercial casualty, which saw about six points or releases. And then you had a modest reserve edition and home owners three points, just wondering if you could provide a little more detail on both those areas.
Mike Sewell: Yes, this is Mike. And thanks for the question. So yes, you're right. So overall for the for the year, 2.3 points. Overall, that was a little bit on the probably, I'll say the lower side, we've been running. I'll say three to five points in any given year. But the 2.3 points just overall is very similar to 2017 and actually 2014. And so last year was probably a little bit on the higher end of the range this year, a little bit on the lower end. Thinking about it on a year, year-to-date basis where we added reserves unfavorable was commercial auto. That was up $17 million. That was mainly due to some large losses in 2016. So the encourage were coming in a little bit higher. So we adjusted the ultimate, looking back at that, that year, as it relates to. We also added a little bit on Cinci Re, and also on the surplus on the surplus INTNS  that was 2016. And prior primarily that was coming in, Cinci Re that was a little bit more of a current accident year. Related to commercial casualty, workers comp. That was actually we were just seeing favorable development across several years. And so when you take a look at that on a year-to-date basis, I'm going to say it was kind of evenly spread between accident year 19, 18, 17, and so forth. So just, not one specific item that made that jump up with that favorable development, but over the various accident years. So, as I said in my prepared comments, we follow a consistent approach. And we've got some of the great same professionals that are coming up with the ultimate reserve pic. So we’ll follow we’ll follow their guidance.
Scott Heleniak: Great question. Thank you.
Mike Sewell: Alright. Thank you.
Operator: Your final question is from a Fred Nelson, a private investor.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you hear me?
Steve Johnston: Good morning, Fred.
Unidentified Analyst: Oh, hey, good morning. A couple of questions, forward thinking income tax us with the new administration any possibility? And your thought, are you working on that? The other thing that concerns me sharing automobiles here in California, I pay $0.50 a gallon tax to the state for the road repairs. And I think the federal $0.17, my neighbour brought an electric car and is bragging that he doesn't have to pay any of that. Any thought on how that's going to be done? And is it going to affect the auto policies at all?
Mike Sewell: Fred, this is Mike. I'll take the first question. And then and then we'll let the second question someone else pick that up. So yes, you're right with the new administration there was a lot of talk before the election of which direction it would go in. When you look at Capitol Hill, and who's running what we would suspect that there probably will be at some point you know tax changes that will be coming. We've heard things of 25%, 28%. What will it be? When will it be? We are looking at that modeling it out, and so forth. But, over the years, tax rates have changed, and we've changed with it. So we'll, we'll go with what comes at us and, and work to win.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Steve Johnston: I think on the cars Fred, we're just continue to look closely at those trends in terms of the, how the driving goes in California and in other states and how government policy interacts with that and be in a position to reflect it. Good question. Good question.
Unidentified Analyst: No, I appreciate it. Thank you so much. There's a lot of changes coming in. So thank you. I appreciate. I just want to say thank you, Jim Miller too.
Steve Johnston: Yes, thank you, Jim Miller, for those of you who don't know, he was our Chief Investment Officer, and just passed away here in the last couple of weeks. And he will be greatly missed by his family, the community and the company. Thank you for mentioning that, Fred.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you guys and gals. I appreciate you too. Gosh, I've been a shareholder since 1992. When the book value was below $28. It's hard to believe.
Steve Johnston: We appreciate your, your enthusiasm for our company, Fred.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you guys and gals.
Steve Johnston: Thank you.
Unidentified Analyst: I’m through. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue at this time. Management, your closing remarks, please?
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Erica. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter 2021 call. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Cincinnati Financial Corporation's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel at Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you'll first hear from Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Johnston; and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Cincinnati Insurance's Chief Insurance Officer, Steve Spray; Chief Claims Officer, Marty Mullen and Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance, Theresa Hoffer. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore, is not reconciled to GAAP. Now I'll turn over the call to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We continue to confidently execute our agency centered strategy bolstered by the steady improvement we see in our core book of business. The third quarter was active in terms of weather events and developments in the litigation landscape of pandemic-related business interruption claims. Recently, courts have granted some of our motions to dismiss based on lack of physical damage to property, while some others have been voluntarily dismissed by plaintiffs. And the cases that have proceeded past initial motions, we continue to believe that business interruption coverage under our policy does not apply and that the courts ultimately should decide that economic loss alone without physical alteration of property does not trigger coverage under a property policy of insurance. We're confident in our legal strategy, given our understanding of the law and decisions in the majority of business interruption court cases rendered to-date. To the extent, we have setbacks, we'll continue to pursue the judicial process. We remain focused on executing our long-term plans. Net income for the third quarter of 2020 rose 95% compared with the third quarter a year ago, reflecting increases in the fair value of our equity security portfolio. Non-GAAP operating income was down $116 million for the quarter with higher catastrophe losses reducing it by $152 million more than last year on an after-tax basis. Our 103.6% property casualty combined ratio was 9.4 percentage points higher than a year ago with the elevated catastrophe losses representing 13.0 points of the increase. The current accident year loss and loss expense ratio before catastrophe losses continue to improve and was 3.1 percentage points better than last year on a nine month basis. We see an ongoing benefit to our results from efforts to diversify risks by product line and geography and likewise from segmentation of risks as we underwrite and price policies. While economic effects of the pandemic and pricing discipline continue to slow our premium growth, we believe we are growing our business profitably in our relationships with the independent agents who represent us remain very strong. Consolidated property casualty net written premiums rose 3% in the third quarter of 2020. As a comparison growth was 6% in the second quarter and 10% for both the first quarter of the year and full year 2019. We see indicators of good underwriting and pricing discipline. Renewal pricing during the third quarter continued to be ahead of our estimate for perspective loss cost trends for each property casualty segment with each one, again, experiencing mid single-digit percent range estimated average price increases. Average pricing was a little higher than in the second quarter for our largest lines of business, commercial casualty and commercial property. And those property policies renewing during the quarter averaged in the high single-digit range. New business written premium volume was again a key factor causing slower premium growth, while overall submissions from agencies for us to quote premiums for policies during the third quarter were higher than last year. For commercial risks, our underwriters declined submissions at a higher rate. The combined ratio for our commercial lines segment was 9.0 percentage points higher compared with third quarter a year ago, reflecting the 10.7 point increase in the catastrophe loss ratio. Our personal lines segment grew third quarter net written premiums by 5% and our high net worth business continues to progress as planned. The combined ratio for personal lines was 1.1 percentage points higher than the third quarter a year ago, with underlying improved performance masked by catastrophe losses that were 15.8 points higher. Our excess and surplus lines segment returned to producing an underwriting profit with an 86.7% combined ratio and grew third quarter net written premiums by 8%. As previously reported, both Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global experienced significant catastrophe losses and their combined is exceeded 100%. Nearly 80% of their third quarter 2020 total catastrophe losses were from Hurricane Laura, where our agency produced business had only $4 million of catastrophe losses. Our life insurance subsidiary reported outstanding results with third quarter net income up 50% from last year and non-GAAP operating income up 31%. It grew term life insurance earned premium by 4%. My prepared remarks conclude with the value creation ratio, our primary measure of long-term financial performance. Our VCR was 6.3% for the third quarter of 2020, including 5.5 percentage points contributed by improved valuation of our investment portfolio. That brought our VCR to 3.0% for the first nine months of this year. Now our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell will comment on other important areas of our financial results.
Mike Sewell: Thank you, Steve. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. Our third quarter 2020 investment performance was good, including investment income growing by 4% for both the quarter and on a nine month basis, matching the rate of growth for full year 2019. Dividend income rose 10% for the third quarter. For the first nine months of 2020, net purchases for the equity portfolio totaled $169 million. Interest income from our bond portfolio grew 3% compared with the same quarter a year ago. The pre-tax average yield was 4.03%, matching the third quarter of last year. The average pre-tax yield for the total of purchased taxable and tax exempt bonds during the third quarter was 3.42%. We continue to invest in the fixed-maturity portfolio with net purchases during the first nine months of the year totaling $236 million. Investment portfolio valuation changes for the third quarter of 2020 were again favorable for both our bond and stock portfolios. The overall net gain was $645 million before tax effects, including $530 million for our equity portfolio and $115 million for our bond portfolio. We ended the quarter with total investment portfolio net appreciated value of nearly $4.9 billion, including almost $4 billion in our equity portfolio. Cash flow continues to help us grow investment income. Cash flow from operating activities for the first nine months of 2020 was very good and generated $1.1 billion, up 27% from a year ago. Expense management remains a priority as we worked the balance strategic business investments with expense controls. The third quarter 2020 property casualty underwriting expense ratio was 1.6 percentage points lower than last year's third quarter. The pandemic has caused lower spending for several items, such as business travel. We expect some of those expenses to return to a normal rate in future quarters as governmental restrictions ease. In addition, catastrophe losses at levels closer to our historical average should cause agency profit sharing ratios to return to a more usual level. Turning to loss reserves. Our consistent approach aimed for net amount in the upper half of the actually estimated range of net loss and loss expense reserves. During the third quarter of 2020, we experienced property casualty net favorable development on prior accident years. The combined ratio effect was 0.8% for the quarter or $11 million and was still favorable overall, but lower than a typical quarter. Each quarter, we consider new informations, such as paid losses and estimate ultimate losses and loss expenses by accident year and line of business. As we obtain and study new data during the year, we update estimates as needed. While most other major lines of business and our excess and surplus line segment, we experienced favorable reserve development during the third quarter, the updated estimates resulted in an unfavorable amount of $10 million for our commercial auto line of business. While the ratio effect for the quarter was noticeable, the total dollar amount was less than 2% of total outstanding reserves for the commercial auto. The development was driven by large losses for accident years 2018 and 2016. Because commercial auto case incurred losses for those periods were higher than we expected. We again took prudent action and kept IBNR reserves at a level that increased our estimated ultimate loss for those accident years. On an all lines basis by accident year, net reserve development for the first nine months of the year was favorable for the two most recent accident years with $71 million for 2019 and $42 million for 2018. In aggregate, I think there is prior to 2018 were unfavorable by $22 million. Capital management is another important company function, we believe that our financial strength remains excellent, including plenty of financial flexibility. As I always do, I'll end my prepared remarks with a summary of the third quarter contributions to book value per share. They represent the main drivers of our value creation ratio, property casualty underwriting decreased book value by $0.25. Life insurance operations increased book value $0.11. Investment income other than life insurance reduced by non-insurance operations added $0.58. Net investment gains and losses for the fixed income portfolio increased book value per share by $0.57. Net investment gains and losses for the equity portfolio increased book value by $2.60. And we declared $0.60 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value increase of $3.01 per share during the third quarter to a record high $60.57 per share. And now I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Mike. Severe weather again challenged our results, we see reasons for optimism. The dedication demonstrated by our associates is one reason I'm optimistic. While most of our headquarters associates continue to work from home, they are proving that they are equipped and motivated to continue providing outstanding service to agents and their clients. Our IT associates have continued to move technology initiatives forward. Through their efforts, we are in two awards from IVANS, a division of applied systems that were announced in September. The IVANS digital insurer program recognizes carriers that are committed to supporting independent agents needs for digital connectivity using modern technologies. We are one of only seven gold award winners in personal lines and also a silver award winner in commercial lines. Our field associates continue to work closely with agents, each time we are able to help our agents manage risk for their clients or make a policyholder hole after a covered loss. We're inspired to refocus our efforts, delivering outstanding empathetic service and building financial strength for the future. As a reminder with Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Marty Mullen, Marty Hollenbeck, and Theresa Hoffer. Jason, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Phil Stefano from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Phil Stefano: Yes. Thanks and good morning. I was hoping to get a little more color on the drop-off and favorable development for commercial lines. And look, as a – for example, if I look at commercial auto, we have 5.5 points of adverse in the quarter, but the underlying loss ratio improved something like 10 points or 11 points. How should we be thinking about the reconciliation of these two seemingly opposing trends?
Mike Sewell: Yes. Great question. This is Mike. When looking at our favorable development for the quarter overall, obviously it was down to 0.8 points as I noted, commercial auto having really one of the larger effects of being adverse for 10 million. And some of that was really from larger losses, as I indicated in some older accident years. And so as the case incurred there, what we did is we kept the IBNR up until we see the ultimate payments for those to really play out. So current accident year is improving, it was really what we were seeing in 2018 and 2016, that was causing that. So we'll see how the rest of the year plays out. If I think about overall reserve development for the last several years, we've been running, I'll say 2.5 points to 5 points of favorable development. Full year 2017 was 4.7 on year-to-day basis right now we're at 2.1. So we're going to follow a consistent basis, let's wait and see what the fourth quarter has in store for us and follow our actuaries consistent approach.
Phil Stefano: Okay. Maybe thinking more generally about underlying loss ratios. Can you remind us how you're contemplating rate versus trend in the current environment and to what extent should we think about an underlying benefit coming through versus the conservatism and the waiting for this business to season to make sure that the pricing was indeed in excess of loss trend?
Steve Johnston: That’s a key point, Phil. This is Steve Johnston and we do feel as we've mentioned that loss costs – the rates are ahead of our loss cost trends. And we think we're seeing that as we've seen continued improvement in our core book with our underlying core accident year ex-CAT combined ratio improving by 6.2 points I believe. I think the key point is it's difficult to precisely bifurcate the improvement that we've seen in the loss experience between this COVID period and the actions that we've been taking over a number of years to improve that loss experience, they're kind of blend together. And I think the key point is to look perspectively, right, making this perspective, right now our actuaries are working on what the appropriate rate level should be filed for effective dates in 2021. And so they'll be doing that on a state-by-state – very granular, state-by-state, coverage-by-coverage basis, they’ll be looking at a number of quarters of past data to come up with their trends, to come up with the rates. So we're confident that the key point is as we go forward that we continue to have our rates in an adequate position and also in a position in which we can grow just as we've had here the last several years. We've been growing faster than the industry with the combined ratio lower than the industry for eight or nine years in a row now. And so, the key is I think to look forward, use of the data that we have understand that during this pandemic period there are some distortions in there and just make sure that we can hit the sweet spot with our rates next year that put us in a position to grow and grow profitably.
Phil Stefano: Got it. Okay. And the last one I'll ask about, in the opening remarks kind of dug into this. But there is this judgment in North Carolina that obviously broke against you. How does it change the posturing of your defense moving forward? Have you seen any claims start to get re-filed now that we potentially have a plaintiff argument that works against you? How should we get comfortable with the potential exposure here from our seats? Any color you could provide will be truly appreciated.
Steve Johnston: Sure. Good question. And we remain confident in our legal position, we plan to appeal the decision, we continue to believe that the business interruption coverage under our policy in this case does not apply because there was no structural alteration to property. The prevailing view by courts around the country has been that economic loss alone doesn't qualify as direct physical damage or loss of property, which is the trigger for business interruption coverage. So there is no change in the legal strategy. And also we haven't any uptick to this point in claims being reported.
Phil Stefano: Okay, thanks. I've been watching my conjunctions much more closely. Thank you guys and best of luck.
Steve Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome from Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Paul Newsome: Hey, good morning. Congrats on the quarter.
Steve Johnston: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Newsome: I wanted to revisit the reserve issue just a little bit. I think I heard you say that the reserves prior to 2018 are an aggregate negative. Could you – that's a little bit different than what you’d historically reported. Could you talk about sort of the trends back in that section? And were there any mass torts in there or specialist or anything like that that would have disordered that, take us 2017 and prior number?
Steve Johnston: This is Steve again. And it really was I think generated by some large losses in those prior accident years. So we still as always feel confident in the reserve that we booked our estimate our best estimate that our reserves are in a good position as they've always been. It's a little bit less than we've seen in other quarters that we're still showing favorable development year-to-date at 2.1%. And that's not that far out of the range of where we've been in previous full years. I think if we go back to 2014, we've had a couple of years where we've been in the 2% range of favorable development. So I think one thing for the quarter, just of note also when you compare it to the third quarter a year ago is workers’ comp, which is a big – one of our bigger reserved lines. It developed favorably third quarter a year ago by 27%, it’s still a strong number at 9.6% this quarter. But that's in terms of a difference in dollars that's a big difference between this year and last.
Paul Newsome: But no mass torts [indiscernible] big losses that would distort that 2017 prior, okay.
Steve Johnston: Thank you. I failed to identify that question and yes, it's a no mass torts.
Paul Newsome: Great. Any updates on some of these new businesses like the reinsurance business [indiscernible] business that are notable in the quarter and having increased impact I assume on the business.
Steve Johnston: Yes. I mean, we're confident in both, they're both growing nicely, as you saw from the numbers in total up about 26%, very confident in the underwriting. We know there is going to be some volatility there in terms of results, I've done an inception to date basis even through this really tough time for those lines of business, they're both at a breakeven or a little bit better than breakeven. Both are looking for ways that they can take advantage of affirming market to right new business and we feel good about both of those businesses.
Paul Newsome: So thank you very much.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Once again, your next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Mike Zaremski: Thanks so much. A couple of follow-ups on some of the previous questions. So clearly it's great underlying accident year loss ratio in a lot of lines. And so I just want to kind of be clear, should we be kind of take – assuming that there is been kind of a somewhat of a distortions, I think you said a benefit from COVID in terms of lower frequencies especially in some of the longer tail lines, and just so maybe we shouldn't right rate that, or do you think that there is potential for some of that to be sustainable maybe at a lesser level in the near term? Just trying to get a little bit more color, given how good it looked?
Steve Johnston: Yes. I think that – this is Steve again, I think that there was some benefit from the pandemic related slow down that you would see is just we've also been working, and Steve spray may want to talk about this a little bit more. We've really been working hard to improve the core results that's been our mantra through this whole COVID period is that we want all of our people to not be distracted by everything that's out in the environment, and to really focus on improving the core book of business. And Steve can touch on some of those reasons. So we think that a lot of the improvement is independent of what we've seen from the pandemic slow down, it's just hard to split those accurately into two pieces. So going forward we're confident that we can hit the profitability targets and growth targets that we've communicated to you over the long-term. And Steve, you might want to comment on some of the specifics.
Steve Spray: Yes sure, and hi Mike. Steve is right, difficult to bifurcate it, but it's continued execution that we're seeing at both our field underwriters and our headquarters underwriters and segmenting the book by line of business and then by account. And just focused on getting the right rate on a risk adjusted basis account-by-account, getting more rate on those that we feel give us less opportunity for making a profit. And then really focusing on retaining that business that we feel gives us a better shot at margin. So it continues to evolve, the underwriters continue to get better and better at execution working with our agents. I think that's an advantage for us as well. Mike is the fact that there is something like this that almost 2,000 of our associates already work from their homes in the communities where our agents are making decisions locally. And we think that contact, that those deep relationships with fewer agents are going to help care to with growth and profitability.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, got it. And this is helpful. And I understand it's difficult. So then would this tie in a little bit to, it seems like the town in the 10-Q and kind of on some of the growth metrics has slowed down a little bit, kind of when you talked about – even though submissions were up you declined more. So are you guys trying to be a little bit more cautious now, which seems like it was a little change of tone versus last quarter when it felt like playing a little bit more offense. Anything I should read into this quarter, or is it just normal volatility?
Steve Spray: Yes. I think its normal volatility, but I would tell you this, we are still playing offense. We've got plenty of capital, we are out there looking to help our agents grow. I think it goes back to your – kind of your prior question to Mike, is we just got such a better look into the book and we continue to evolve with these pricing sophistication, pricing precision tools that our underwriters, both field and headquarters just – are executing on discipline to walk away. So that's why the declination ratio would be higher. There is many reasons why an underwriter would decline a risk, it could be distressed from prior losses, they could do an inspection and find a premises to be unacceptable. A lot of times it's just terms and conditions, and they'll get an indication of what the renewal pricing is going to be. And just say that, like we are talking before that they just don't feel that they can make a risk adjusted return, risk by risk. So we think that that's creating some – the market is kind of bouncing around, it's based on mix of business, it’s based on size of account, where you'll see more firm pricing in the marketplace. So it's – that's I think creating some volatility is a fair way to state it.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. And follow-up on the North Carolina appeals process, any color on – does the appeals process take many quarters or is this kind of something that could – we could hear a resolution on in the – before year-end, any color there?
Steve Johnston: Good question. And I'm not lawyer. I think our notice of appeal is due here in the first part of November. My understanding is after that the court will establish a schedule for briefing and oral arguments. And then we’ve – it's just uncertain after that. We don't expect a decision by the North Carolina court of appeals, maybe until – into early 2021. But that's all, like I say, I'm not a lawyer that's uncertain, I'd say just the one thing that I would know is that we'll get our notice of appeal in here in the first part of November.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, great. And I guess one last one. I haven't checked this yet. Any change on the pay-to-incurred loss levels that maybe got you guys to, trend wise that kind of caused you guys to release a little less than we're used to or did we already kind of talked enough on the call and give enough disclosure on kind of what happened?
Steve Johnston: That's a good question. I think that there was not something that would be necessarily in the pay-to-incurred ratios that had to do with this. I do think it's more of looking at some of the larger losses in the older accident years and just being prudent in that regard.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields from KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. One follow-up if I can on Phil Stefano’s question. And that is in both personal and commercial auto, we saw better year-over-year underlying loss ratio improvement in the third quarter than the second quarter. And I think the general sense we've had is, there’s probably more driving in the third quarter. So just hoping you’d clarify whether, what drove that sequential improvement in the year-over-year improvement?
Steve Johnston: That's a good point, Meyer. And we did see – we follow the Google Analytics in terms of what they report in driving activity that's public information. And there was an uptick in driving through the third quarter. And so that's what gives us some confidence that the actions that we're taking or taking a route and also having a good influence. We just – we don't want to be overconfident in that as we go forward and that's why we're being maybe a little bit cautious or subdued in our comments.
Meyer Shields: No, that's fair. Was there any adjustment to the first half of the year in the auto lines in the third quarter loss ratio?
Steve Johnston: Well, I don't have that number. We usually look at prior year developments. I'm not sure about any development from first and second quarter into third quarter.
Meyer Shields: Okay. And then a broader question or I guess it's more of a request. Obviously, there's a lot of interest in how the business interruption plays out. Is there any way we could get access to, let's say the appeals or the other documents that you'll be filing, just so we can see how that's playing out?
Steve Johnston: That falls into me not being a lawyer, Meyer. I don't know – my lawyers – our lawyers would tell us, but I'm not sure. I'm not sure where they get it. I – you've got me on that one.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Fair enough. Not a lawyer. Thank you so much.
Steve Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Mark Dwelle from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark Dwelle: Yes. Good morning. I think a lot of people have been asking around the same question. Let me try it a different way, when I’m looking at the personal lines segment, the accident year margin from the second quarter to the third quarter, improved by about 10 points. Five of that relates to the expense ratio, but what are the factors in the other five points of improvement? There's a similar one point improvement in the third quarter to second quarter commercial combined ratio. And again, expense ratio, a little to do with it. So I'm just trying to reconcile those two points. Why was the third quarter better than the second quarter?
Steve Johnston: Yes. It's just a mixture of things that it's just difficult for us to separate them out. We know that we got rate, we know that that was ahead of loss cost trend. We also know that even in the personal lines, we talk about our segmentation quite a bit in the commercial lines, but they've really been working hard in the personal lines side as well. We have a new rating company that we're deploying called Cincinnati Casualty that takes our predictive modeling up to a new generation, really focuses on – really trying to write the best risks, we’re getting good growth in that new writing company. So I think the mix is helping in that regard, it's just difficult for us to, in this environment to really precisely attribute the improvement to one point or another.
Mark Dwelle: Were there any notable differences in things like non-cat weather or anything like that?
Steve Johnston: The non-cat was fairly stable. And in fact, maybe a little bit less non-cat weather in the third quarter. So I guess that could have a little bit of an explanation.
Mark Dwelle: Okay.
Steve Spray: Mark, this is Steve Spray as well, just we've – for several quarters, we've been taking a more stringent underwriting action in personal lines in specific states. And that's we think that that is culminating, we've getting through those books and we think we're starting to see the – kind of the fruits of that labor too.
Mark Dwelle: Okay. That's helpful. On commercial lines premiums, I mean, you talked about some of the submissions in new business. I guess, I would have thought – are you continuing to see a lot of premium return as a result of economic conditions, cancellations, people going out of business, whatever. I guess, I would have thought that you incurred most of the economic graph in the second quarter. And that the third quarter would have had, certainly not a negative trend, maybe not an improving trend, but it was a little bit contrary to expectations there. Could you maybe help drill down a little bit on what was going on underneath the hood?
Mike Sewell: Hey, this is Mike. Let me – maybe I'll start with that and maybe just make a few comments about audit premiums and where that has gone. And then if others want to chime in, but we've been generating during the third quarter about $3 million to $5 million per month in audit premiums. And that is down a little bit from previous quarters. If I look back at the second quarter, it was probably about $4 million to $6 million, so per month – so we're down $3-plus million or so related to the audit premium. So the audit premiums are declining as we're auditing the policies during as we're getting deeper into the pandemic period. The largest decreases in there were coming from the general liability lines, but we're also seeing decreases in the workers' comp area also. E&S audit premiums really has not been impacted so far. So we do take a look out at and we've gotten accrual for future audit. And we did decrease that accrual this quarter by $7 million so that's affecting it also. We had taken that accrual down $3 million during the second quarter so in total $10 million with most of it coming in the third quarter. So that's where it is on audit premiums, let’s see if others have other comments.
Steve Johnston: Well put, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line. My apologies, please go ahead.
Steve Johnston: Mark, are you still on?
Operator: Mr. Dwelle is still on.
Mark Dwelle: Sorry, I thought I was moved on. The last question that I had related to the Iowa losses, the derecho ratio losses. We understand that was a large event of fairly significant scope. And I guess, I wasn't surprised that there were losses, but $100 million single event loss for you guys is sufficiently unusual that I guess, I thought I'd ask the question in terms of, to what degree is that tally primarily IBNR or is it primarily all claims that are well in the pipeline and are in the process of being resolved?
Steve Johnston: I would think they're in the process of being resolved, but I think Marty Mullen may have some information on that. But its just – those were hurricane type winds that went right through Iowa and right up – in towards Chicago right in the – any company that writes in the Midwest where we're going to have – we're going to have exposure. I think that we're doing a pretty good job in managing our exposure there, but from time to time, we're going to have a loss of that magnitude here in the Midwest.
Marty Mullen: Yes, Mark. This is Marty. It’s kind of an unusual event for us in the Midwest, along with those hurricane winds, the actual account for the claims was 37% for commercial lines and 62% personal lines on the account. However, when you look at the loss, 84% of the incurred loss was commercial lines. So it just hit us in an area of a belt where we had a commercial presence and the losses were of a nature where they were more severe than we might expect in the Midwest for that type of wind loss. So I think we've got a great handle on that event. Losses have been inspected, reserved, and ultimately established as you saw in the release. And I think that's one event that we can put behind us and move forward.
Mark Dwelle: I appreciate that additional color. Thanks. So that's all my questions.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Mike Zaremski: Thanks for allowing me in for a follow-up. Just one follow-up, the policy being appealed, sorry, the decision being appealed in North Carolina, is it fair to say that that policy is similar to a lot of the Cincinnati Financial policies? Or is that one – would you say kind of more unique and maybe an outlier?
Steve Johnston: Well, I think, given that we’re filing an appeal and that we're in litigation on this one. I think you can understand, I just don't want to talk anything about the specifics on the advice of counsel to, the specific provisions of any of the policies.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Yes. Understood. I just – we've got some questions, so I figured I'd try and ask. Okay. Thank you again for all the insights.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I’ll turn the call back to Mr. Johnston for closing remarks.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Jason, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our fourth quarter call. Have a great day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Cincinnati Financial Corporation's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants’ lines have been placed on a listen-only mode. And later, we will open the floor for your questions. . Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer to begin. Please go ahead, sir.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel at Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Like yesterday, we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you will first hear from Steve Johnston, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses maybe made by others in the room with us, including Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Cincinnati Insurance’s Chief Insurance Officer, Steve Spray; Chief Claims Officer, Marty Mullen; and Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance, Theresa Hoffer. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, our reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. Now, I will turn the call over to Steve.
Steven Johnston: Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today. As we shared in our pre-release, the second quarter was a challenging one, that we also saw reasons for optimism. That optimism stems from the proven track record of our agency centered strategy in our investment approach, plus our ability to execute our plans. Operating performance was satisfactory, considering how catastrophe affects for any given quarter can cause income variability. Net income for the quarter more than doubled the same period a year ago, and it was nice to see the positive effects of a recovering stock market during the second quarter of 2020. While non-GAAP operating income was $69 million less than the second quarter a year ago, a $79 million after-tax increase in catastrophe losses drove that change. Our 103.1% property casualty combined ratio was 6.6 percentage points higher than a year ago, with elevated catastrophe losses representing 6.5 points of the increase.
Michael Sewell: Thank you, Steve. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. Investment performance during the quarter provided more reasons for confidence in our proven business strategy. The pandemic has not changed how we approach investment management, and we believe that will continue to serve shareholders, policyholders and others well over the long term. Investment income continued its steady growth of 4% for the second quarter and first six months of 2020, matching the rate of growth per full year 2019. Dividend income grew 6% for the second quarter. For the first half of the year, net purchases for the equity portfolio totaled $149 million. Interest income from our bond portfolio grew 3%, compared with the same quarter a year ago. Average yield was 4.11%, down one basis point from the second quarter of last year. The average pre-tax yield for our total of purchase taxable and tax exempt bonds during the second quarter was 4.4%. We also continue to add to the fixed maturity portfolio with the net purchases during the first half of the year, totaling $107 million. Investment portfolio, valuation changes for the second quarter of 2020 were favorable for both our bond and stock portfolios. Much of the fair valued decreases during the first quarter of the year in our stock portfolio recovered during the second quarter of 2020.
Steven Johnston: Thanks, Mike. The second quarter is often the challenging one. In this year second quarter was certainly no exception. I applaud the efforts of our associates to stay focused on our insurance business, serving independent agents, underwriting risks, and paying claims, while creating and embracing new ways to do so safely, effectively and efficiently. This focus on the execution of our proven strategy will continue to help us grow profitably over time for the benefit of all stakeholders, while also creating shareholder value. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Steve Spray. Marty Mullen, Marty Hollenbeck, and Theresa Hoffer. Maria, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski of Credit Suisse.
Mike Zaremski: Hey. Good day everybody.
Steven Johnston: Good morning, Mike.
Mike Zaremski: Good morning. Now, first question, I think that we're all kind of curious whether you feel the underlying loss ratio is getting actually any benefit from COVID in terms of potentially just less loss activity due to certain areas being shut down in courts and just less economic activity? That's my first question.
Steven Johnston: I think, we would have gotten some benefit during the second quarter. I think, as I mentioned, the activity really did pick up in the second half of the second quarter. But I also think a driver of the improved performance was just the hard work that was done by our associates and the agents in terms of the improved pricing, the improved segmentation of risks, inspection of properties and basically just executing our strategy.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. So there could have been some benefit and depending how the economy shapes up as the year progresses there. It could remain a slight benefit as well. Is that fair?
Steven Johnston: That's fair. We'll continue to monitor. Its hard to predict how things are going as we monitor activity and even look at outside sources like the Google Mobility data, which is public. It does seem that things are on the improvement. But we'll keep an eye 4on it. I just think that -- the most important thing is that we focus on our business, focus on executing our strategy, and just keep our entire associate workforce and all the agents focused on not being distracted by outside things and to really execute our proven strategy.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Understood. Moving to the reinsurance segment, there was a -- when you pre announced there was some COVID-related business interruption, I think charges in there. Did those policies have a virus exclusion?
Steven Johnston: For the reinsurance Cincinnati Re, they had some pandemic-related losses that we did reflect in our pre-release. They scoured their policies, looking for instances where there would be affirmative coverage. I think it resulted both from property book that they write and from the professional liability book that they write.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. So yes. Affirmative then would just mean that there wouldn't be an exclusion. It will cover the hybrid  related to COVID. Is what that means?
Steven Johnston: It means that there would be nothing in the policy language that would say that there needed to be direct physical damage or loss to property.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Got it. And my -- just my last question, maybe I'll go back in the queue. Just kind of on the broad pricing environment, it feels like in the small and medium sized business space where or Cinci focuses on. It feels like there are certain competitors pushing for more rate than others. Do you feel there's a big need for rate, because we kind of look at how most firms are doing financially over the past couple of years. Your results seem to be in pretty decent shape, obviously, COVID, it's going to have a negative impact. Just, I guess, I'm trying to get at as -- investors have been kind of interested in the pricing trajectory, kind of moving more north than they originally expected. I think it feels like it's due to COVID uncertainty. If COVID losses end up being manageable, as I think many participants in the industry expect, including your team. Is there -- do you expect pricing to stay elevated? Or could we see the trajectory move downward?
Steven Johnston: From what we see, the trajectory is moving upward. As we mentioned, our pricing on average has gone higher than it has been in the second quarter. And I think the key point with us as we continue to look at every policy one by one. And we want to make sure that we get an adequate risk adjusted price given everything that we bring to the table, from our predictive models, to our underwriting, to what claims brings to the table, loss inspection. We just want to make sure we understand the risks that we write, that we price that next risk that we write adequately on a risk adjusted basis. It does seem that the average of that has been moving up and we would anticipate it continues to move up. But we also focus on the distribution around that average, make sure that we're properly segmenting the book and looking at each policy on a one by one basis.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Thank you for the answers.
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from of Paul Newsome of Piper Sandler.
Paul Newsome: Good morning.
Steven Johnston: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Newsome: I was wondering -- wonder if you could talk a little bit more detail about the components of growth. I think I've got the math right. But it looks like they're sort of counter  forces here with price increases, plus whatever the economic impact was. I'm a little bit surprised with the growth, because I would have expected there would been a little bit more of an impact from the recession and companies going out of the business. But maybe you could just focus on what you're seeing there? As well as sort of the top line and how that would likely sort of emerge in the future?
Steven Johnston: Sure. And I think it's a continuation of the comment I had from the first quarter call is that, and I'll be still in Steve Spray's line here, and he'll probably get a chance to use it in a minute, that our business model seems to be built for this kind of disruption with the relationships that we have. And the way I described it in the last call is if you think of the economy is like a pie. That pie may shrink in times that we saw in the first half of the quarter. It may then start to grow as things rebound. But I think based on our business model, I think where the premium growth comes from is just the execution of our strategy. And we feel in all circumstances through the quarter, we were getting a little bit bigger piece of that pie than we otherwise would, because of our business model, the fact that all of our field representatives, claims representatives, everybody out there in the field, already work from their homes, in the communities with our great independent agents had the relationships in place and we were really able to react very quickly to agency needs.
Paul Newsome: It sort of relatedly. What's going on from an agent count perspective. And has the pandemic had any impact on your efforts to expand geographically?
Steven Johnston: We continue to appoint agents. It's very interesting the way you can do things virtually now. And really, I think we've capitalized on again, the field people really knowing their territories. They're responsible for understanding their whole territory with all the agents, not just the ones that represent us. They're able to make contact to do things virtually. And it's a big credit to Steve Spray and Angie Delaney and the people out in the field that have really kept their focus. Because it's so easy with all this distraction around us to lose focus. And there's really been a tremendous emphasis throughout the company to keep everybody focused on the business, on the task at hand and not to be distracted by everything.
Paul Newsome: Thank you. Keep safe.
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Paul. You too.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields of KBW.
Steven Johnston: Good morning, Meyer.
Meyer Shields: Thank you. Good morning. How are you?
Steven Johnston: Good. How are you?
Meyer Shields: I am doing well. Thanks. I was hoping to get a little more color on the sequential improvement in commercial casualty, specifically the accident year ex-Cat loss ratio?
Stephen Spray: Meyer, its Steve Spray. I think it just falls along with what Steve was saying earlier, is just implementation and execution of a segmentation strategy that we've got across all lines of business, obviously, we're a package underwriter. And I think the market, if anything, the market is giving us some runway, especially in the excess casualty area, that -- I would call that market access umbrella, pretty hard market. So we're seeking out opportunities there, underwriting pricing. And so, I just think it's -- again, it's basic blocking and tackling and test execution by all associates working with our agents on our segmentation strategy.
Meyer Shields: Okay. So that means that there's no -- this is my word substantial reliance on maybe depressed actual claim count in the quarter. It sounds like there are other factors that are driving that improvement.
Stephen Spray: I would say that's true, particularly for the commercial Casualty.
Meyer Shields: Okay. No, that's very helpful. Thank you. Second, basically an accounting question. For things like the domestic business interruption, defense and the credit for uncollectible premiums, is there reason to expect those to continue in the third quarter?
Steven Johnston: I'll tackle the reserve question and turn over the premium part to Mike. Basically, we just booked our best estimate of the ultimate expense as of June 30, with the information that we have for all of the claims through June 30. So it is our best estimate of the ultimate expense number.
Michael Sewell: And then, this is Mike. As it relates to the premiums, anything that's related to uncollectible premiums as we look at the aging, the moratoriums, as that pulls off some states have might have continued some of that. So we are watching the aging of that. So we will evaluate that at the end of each quarter that we that we report out. And so that will be adjusted accordingly at that time. In the past it's been very minor what we've had. And so this is little bit elevated. But we've shown you the numbers that we've reported.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks so much.
Michael Sewell: You're welcome.
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Meyer.
Operator: Our next question comes from one of Mark Dwelle of RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Dwelle: Yes. Good morning. Couple of questions.
Steven Johnston: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Dwelle: Good morning. First, on the workers comp line of business, there was a pretty significant decline in premiums. And I don't think that was entirely a surprise. Would you be able to kind of split that, break that that decline into sort of rate decreases, volume decreases and premium credits or something to just kind of give a flavor of maybe what some of the underlying pieces are? I'm sure there's a lot going on in that number.
Steven Johnston: Well, I think as the key is there's a lot going on there. And we can't say that the rate changes continued in the negative mid single digit range. We had seen - I think what makes it difficult, I think we had an executing underwriting discipline in segmenting the policies up until the pandemic. And so, we'd seen a decline in exposures and had that trend going. It may have accelerated a little bit as we came into the pandemic, but I'm hard pressed to give you a percentage breakout in that regard. It's just awfully tough.
Mark Dwelle: Okay. Well, I mean, the pricing is at least a little bit of a help. Turning over to the E&S line. There was a little bit of a reserve addition there. Again, I think that's -- this is the third quarter in a row. There's been at least a small addition. Please talk a little more detail about what you're seeing there? And I mean, it's unusual for you guys to have a reserve add for more than one quarter in a row. So three kind of bears some extra attention, at least in my mind?
Steven Johnston: That's a good point, Mark and a good question. As I look at it, if you go back to our 10-K and the development happened on accident years 2016 and prior. So if we look in the K and node on reserves, for accident years 2011 through 2016, if we look at those years from the initial pick, through year end 19, they had developed favorably by $156 million. In the first half of 2020, we've added back 11 million across those accident years. So, one point is the initial picks are still where we are now versus the initial picks, we're still in a favor put favorable position. It's just we did see a modest increase in the loss payments during this calendar year on those accident years versus what we expected in some of those mature years. So we acted prudently is we always try to do. We increased our reserves by the $11 million. So we're confident in the prospects of CSU. We're confident in our best estimate of the reserves that we booked here in the second quarter. In a while the accident year, combined ratio including catastrophe losses is higher this quarter, it's still running $91.0 for the quarter and $89.4 for the full year. So that continues to be quite good, particularly, in the E&S world. And we're getting now strong double digit -- I'm sorry, we're getting strong double digit premium growth. We've constantly increased rates and that's actually accelerated in the quarter. We're doing, I think a good job of managing limits in terms of conditions. So we're confident in the prospects of the CSU, E&S business, but we did see the need as we will, when we saw that the payments in those accident years prior to 2017 pick up more than what we would have expected during the first half of the year.
Mark Dwelle: That's very helpful color. That definitely puts a frame on the situation. One more question, if I may. I know second quarter is normally your highest quarter for catastrophe losses. But this quarter was even higher than a normal high quarter. And I know there were a fair number of volume of PCS events. Maybe just talked about what you were seeing? Whether there are geographies or types of storms? Maybe just provide a little bit more depth to the Cat number to help understand that? And what made it so much higher than kind of what it had been even in other heavy second quarters?
Michael Sewell: Yes. Let me just throw a couple of numbers. And then I think, Marty, will probably want to give a little bit more color. But thinking about the second quarter of this year, there was about 20 cats that were in there compared to about 16 last year. Two of the cats were about the same size, about 50 million a piece, and those were both occurring right there at the beginning of April. And when you look at the states that those were in, there's about 15 states or more for each of those, and so, for a particular region, it's going to be across the board. The next largest was about 27 million. And then we had the civil unrest and of course that, as you know, what's a kind of across the country. So maybe Marty got a little bit more information or color you'd like to add.
Martin Mullen: Sure. Thanks Mike. And Mike, this is Marty Mullen. Of course, the -- just to add a little bit more color on Mike's description there. Mainly was this middle of Southeast Tennessee and Arkansas, hail events and tornadic winds. So it was really a weather events related to those two causes of loss. I'm pretty proud of the fact that during this COVID situation, we were able to respond with our Cat teams and mobilize them to those areas and handled within our Cat strategy, personal handling of those claims. Within the -- of course, the safety precautions that were given and taken care of. I think it's just an unusual that it was large hail. It hit some of the areas of our commercial footprint, which we responded to. And again, I think we handled them considering the environment we're in and the amount of the claims that were submitted. I think we responded in an outstanding fashion and we're receiving a lot of favorable comments from our agents and our policyholders. Hopefully that provides some color. Any other questions on that, Mike?
Mark Dwelle: I think that some good additional detail. I appreciate that. And that's all the questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from one of Mike Zaremski of Credit Suisse.
Mike Zaremski: Hey. Thanks for the follow ups. I'll ask some questions on business interruption. Is there's any change in any of the terms or conditions to add a virus exclusion on new business?
Steven Johnston: We're continually looking at that. At this point, we do not have plans to add the virus exclusion. We feel that our standard policy language is strong. We feel confident in it. Our standard and commercial property policies do not provide coverage for business interruption claims unless there is direct physical damage or loss to property. And because the virus does not produce direct physical damage or loss of property, we believe strongly that no coverage exists for this peril. And now, two judges, one in Michigan and one in New York recently voiced their agreement that viruses do not satisfy the direct physical damage requirement.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Understood. And some of the reinsurers have been saying that they've been adding communicable disease exclusion. Curious, if you had any reinsurance renew lately and that language was added?
Steven Johnston: Not that I'm aware of. No. Our general property policies renew January 1st, catastrophe and per access.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. That's what I thought. And lastly, sometimes investors ask about one of the Cinci's unique policy advantages is that some clients can sign up for a three-year term. Can you kind of remind us how to think about the three-year term in the context of how rate earns in?
Stephen Spray: Yes. Mike, Steve Spray. Our three-year policy provides -- first of all, we think it's a big advantage in the marketplace. We think it shows our desire for long term relationships, consistency, stability. It's always proven to be an advantage for us. Our retentions at the first and second anniversary of a three-year policy are about 10 points higher than when we actually have a renewal. As far as how the premium guarantee or excuse me, the rate guarantee works is your property, your general liability, your crime, your own marine coverages would have a great guarantee. Now the premium could go up or down based on the exposure, but the rates would be guaranteed. Obviously, your auto, your workers compensation, your umbrella, those can be adjusted annually. And I believe with renewals, and with those lines of business, like I've got my number right here that about 75% of our premiums are subject to anniversary adjustment. But the three-year policy is a hallmark of Cincinnati. And like I said, we think it's consistent with our value proposition for long term, sustained relationships.
Mike Zaremski: And just curious, do you think it has anything to do with why, I think your top lines held in better than expected that maybe agents anecdotally are kind of gravitating if the consensus is pricing is going to go higher, maybe agents are kind of gravitating more to that product? Or is it just more so, some of your competitors might be retrenching a little bit, and you guys aren't?
Stephen Spray: I think it's a good question. It's probably a little bit of both, I think. Agents and policyholders appreciate that contrary depositors belief policyholders don't like to go through the renewal process every year. I think that helps them from an efficiency standpoint. Again, it shows long term commitment, both agents and the policyholders. I think with the rising pricing, I think all of our tools we have today, like Steve said, allow us to price each risk on a risk adjusted basis at levels that we think are satisfactory for returning a profit. And I can tell you, the pricing metrics on our new business have continued to get better and better. And I think a lot of that has to do with execution, but I also think the market is providing us a little bit of lift as well.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. I understand. And thanks again for the insights.
Operator:  Our next question comes from one of Phil Stefano of Deutsche Bank.
Phil Stefano: Yes. Thanks and good morning.
Steven Johnston: Good morning. Phil.
Phil Stefano: Just following up on an earlier question around the potential frequency benefit to commercial from the economic slowdown. I guess, in my mind, and I hope this doesn't belabor the point. But the frequency impact might be more notable in a short tail line versus the long tail line? And I was hoping you could just -- to the extent you can parse out any of the commentary on the duration of the business, I'd appreciate it?
Steven Johnston: Okay. Phil, good question. I'm not -- I'm sure I can't give a number answer to that. But I do think just as with most things, with the property, coverage in terms of business activity and so forth, you would know sooner, it's a shorter tail than the longer tail casualty lines. And I think all that, as we put out, our best estimates for reserves and so forth is considered and there's always consideration when you do reserving between stability and responsiveness. And so, I think our actuaries have done a good job there. And we've put together a quarter here with our best estimate on the reserves. And I think you bring up a good point and asking about the property versus the casualty.
Phil Stefano: Okay. Thanks. And so in response to another earlier question, you talked about the blocking and tackling that you have with relationships with agents and how that's helping to sustained production? How can we think about this from a -- are you picking up a larger share of new business? Are the agents steering more renewals in your direction? What are the moving parts of how that that relationship benefit is manifesting?
Stephen Spray: Yes, Phil, Steve Spray again. Again, it's a little bit of both. I think what Steve said earlier really is what's happening is the fact that our business model is -- it's really good in good times, but I think it's proving to be very resilient and effective in these difficult times as well. And so the fact that we have fewer relationships, but very deep, that allows us to manage that a little better. The fact that our field associates who all have authority to make decisions, regardless of their -- for all of our disciplines, being local in the community, having fewer agencies to call on, having close relationships, I think it's creating -- we've got such great trust with each other that I think it's opening the dialogue. And I think if there's an account that another carrier takes action on, that the agent doesn't necessarily feel is appropriate. Where there. They can get a hold of us. We're in the community. We're responsive. Our field associates are coming up with all different kinds of ways to reach out to agencies and be creative, be present. So I think that's what's given us lift. So I think it is some that's new-new, we would call it, new to the agency new to us. And I think we're getting opportunities on some other carriers renewals as well.
Steven Johnston: And Phil, I would just -- I agree with everything Steve said, and would just add commentary as we move through the quarter. In new business, as you can see from our numbers versus other quarters was impacted. But while the submissions from our agencies in the first half of the second quarter were down. When we got into the second half of the second quarter, we actually saw more submissions coming in than we had in the second half of the second quarter a year ago.
Phil Stefano: Yes. That kind of leads me to my last question. I know it's early, but is there any July read on how that submission activity has trended. And I'm wondering if we've had a pullback in some states now as the shelter in place comes back into play. Has that put any initial pressure on submission activity?
Steven Johnston: I haven't seen it. In fact, I really hesitate to comment on the third quarter yet, since so much is in flux still. But I haven't seen the pullback. But that's not to say that it wouldn't be there. And there's a bit of a pipeline as business comes in. So I should really probably be pretty careful about commenting at all on the third quarter here.
Phil Stefano: Not necessarily. It's unfair to ask you. But I appreciate the attempt. Thanks so much guys, and be well.
Steven Johnston: Thank you. You too.
Operator: Our next question comes from on of Meyer Shields of KBW.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. Let me just ask. This is for . I apologize for forgetting it. But given the overall trend of the economy towards reopening, Can you give us some insight in terms of how business disruption in claim filings and I mean, here, again, domestically, how those trended over the course of the quarter?
Steven Johnston: We don't comment a lot on the detail of the number of claims or the sequence of individual claims over the quarter there. I would say they did trail off towards the as time went on.
Martin Mullen: Meyer, this is Marty Mullen. Here's a comment. I think what we're seeing in some of the courts is, they're focusing on criminal prosecutions and follow-up, because those that take priority. Because during the COVID, shut down, the courts were inactive. So the criminal cases I think, in most dockets are taking precedent, precedent over the civil cases, not saying that they aren't receiving attention, but I know there's a lot of energy by the courts to make sure that they get current on the criminal prosecutions first.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Ron Bobman of Capital Returns.
Ron Bobman: Hi, gentlemen, hope everyone's well. Sounds like it. I was wondering with all the stress in the world and particularly in your markets. Are you seeing any reduction in claim settlement values?
Steven Johnston: I have not noticed that, Ron. 
Ron Bobman: Okay. Thank you.
Steven Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, there appears to be no further questions. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Johnston for an additional or closing remarks.
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Maria. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter call. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All lines are currently on a listen-only mode. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session.  As a reminder, today’s conference is being recorded.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello, this is Dennis McDaniel of Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. We knew people everywhere, face many challenges during this period of turbulence and we sincerely hope that the things important to you improve overtime. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you will first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer; and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses maybe made by others in the room with us, including Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Cincinnati Insurance’s Chief Insurance Officer, Steve Spray; Chief Claims Officer, Marty Mullen; and Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance, Theresa Hoffer. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These Forward-Looking Statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. Now, I will turn the call over to Steve.
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our first quarter results. As I reflect on the past quarter, I find myself feeling thankful. I applaud the efforts of our healthcare industry to stand on the frontlines of the pandemic, working tirelessly to protect us all. I thank our associates for their dedication and creativity to keep our business moving forward, and I appreciate working with the best independent agents in the business. This pandemic has illuminated the leadership and professionalism they deliver to their clients, guiding them through much uncertainty. I’m thankful to be a part of this noble industry. Spring storms didn’t relent in the face of the pandemic and we stood ready to respond helping policy holders rebuild what was lost. I’m undeterred by the recent volatility we have experienced in the stock market, even though that volatility led to negative total revenues and a net loss for us in the first quarter.
Michael Sewell: Thank you Steve and thanks for all of you joining us today. Some reviewing our results may be startled by our net loss and negative total revenues. Reporting negative total revenues is quite unusual, but has been possible since 2018, when new accounting rules from the FASB required changes in the fair value of equity securities to be reported through the income statement resulting in unnecessary variability. The fair value of equity securities, we continue to hold on March 31 decreased during the first quarter by $1.6 billion before taxes, that offset revenues from premiums and investment income, which grew 9% and 5% respectively from a year-ago. On an after tax basis, the equity portfolio decrease had a negative income effect of nearly $1.3 billion and offset all of the income generated by our operations. It is interesting to compare that to the first quarter of last year when a strong stock market boosted net income by $550 million in similar to last year’s fourth quarter with a positive effect of $428 million. Volatility like this in revenues and net income does not seem to give a clear picture to investors trying to understand the business of operations of insurance. Changes in fair value of equity security still held are better reported and other comprehensive income consistent with fixed maturity securities, where it still affects book value and investors can see it more clearly. Hopefully FASB will revisit this in the near future. Turning to more customary topics. Investment income continue to grow a 5% for the first quarter of 2020, including 15% growth for dividend income. Net purchases of stocks during the quarter, totaled a $125 million. Interest income from our bond portfolio rose 1% compared with the same quarter a year-ago. The pre-tax average yield was 4.04% down 11 basis points from the first quarter of last year. While we continue to invest in bonds, we reported first quarter net sales of $6 million, as many bonds we purchased near the end of the quarter had not settled as of March 31st. As we reported in our 10-Q, the average pre-tax yield for the total of purchase taxable and tax exempt bonds was roughly 74 basis points lower than the same period in 2019, further pressuring interest income. Investment portfolio valuation changes for the first quarter of 2020 were unfavorable for both our bond and stock portfolios. The overall net decrease was just over $2 billion before tax effects, including $324 million for our bond portfolio.
Steven Johnston: Thanks Mike. There is another point about future loss experience uncertainty that I want to emphasize. And we have heard investors ask related questions on other calls. Virtually all of our commercial property policies do not provide coverage for business interruption claims unless there is direct physical damage or loss to property, because the virus does not produce direct physical damage or loss to property no coverage exists for this peril, rendering and exclusion unnecessary. For this reason most of our standard market, commercial property policies in states where we actively write business do not contain a specific exclusion for COVID-19, while we will evaluate each claim based on the specific facts and circumstances involved, our commercial property policies do not provide coverage for business interruption claims unless there is direct physical damage or loss to property. Throughout our Company’s  (Ph) history, we have weathered many storms and we have the technology, the risk management expertise and the financial strength to weather this one. We have the best people in the industry. Together, we will take care of our Cincinnati family, protecting the health of our associates, serving agents and policy holders and emerging as an organization with new strengths to carry us forward. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Marty Mullen, Marty Hollenbeck, Theresa Hopper, and Ken Stecher. Please open the call for questions.
Operator:  Our first question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, good morning, gentlemen.
Steven Johnston: Good morning Mike.
Mike Zaremski: First question is kind of beyond on business interruption. I guess the stock market investors kind of appear to be taking the language you offered us about your policies. Most of them are not having a specific virus exclusion. I think, everyone does appreciate that the policies need to be - are triggered by property damage and COVID doesn’t constitute property damage. But given if I’m correct in interpreting language that, most of your policies don’t have the virus exclusion. Are your customers filing business disruption claims, trying to kind of stating that the policies don’t have the virus exclusion, basically is there more risk of potential litigation because of that?
Steven Johnston: Mike, I think like every other insurance company, we expect that, we are going to receive our fair share of COVID-19 claims. I think, that is just natural. But, we feel strong in our position with our coverage language.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Understood. Switching gears to stock buyback. And I might have missed that in the prepared remarks, are you continuing to buy back stock in the second quarter or are you kind of taking a pause given the more uncertain business environment for all in industry?
Michael Sewell: Yes. This is Mike. So, and we will likely not and we will not be buying for the rest of the year. We have always said, or I have always said, Steve has always said that we have a maintenance, buyback philosophy. And so, we have done that again so far this year. So, even though, it is a little higher that we bought back here in the first quarter, two and a half million shares. When you look at it overtime, we have been running out a million shares that is kind of really required and I was looking back. The maintenance that we did this year, actually got us back to the same level of shares that we were about 10-years ago. So we have achieved what we have done and I probably do not see any other buybacks through the remainder of the year as part of our maintenance program.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Understood. And one last one, if I may, going back to this interruption. Given you stated that there are some claims coming through and don’t expect to pay them though and everyone in the industry, other your peers are also seeing those claims of being attempted to be made. So should we at least expect some type of provision later in the year to account for some types of adjustment costs or potential legal costs or should we just kind of assume this is a anonymous material event in the near-term?
Steven Johnston: I think we are still in the middle of this storm, and I think as more facts and circumstances come out here in the second quarter and third quarter, we will provide that information to the extended material.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. And just, maybe lastly, if you are able to answer this. Is there a general rule of thumb in terms of what percentage of property policies have a business interruption endorsements? If you could answer that. Thanks.
Steven Johnston: Yes. It is about half, Mike.
Stephen Spray: Mike, this is Steve Spray and Steve is right. It is about half of our policies where the policy holder increases their limit. Our standard property form like many others, includes a sub-limit automatically for business income of 25,000.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ron Bobman with Capital Returns.
RonBobman: Hi, thanks a lot. Hi, Steve. Hi team. I had a question on the property cat reinsurance treaty. What the $800 million tower, what payrolls are covered by that treaty?
Steven Johnston: Well, I would say that there is not a virus exclusion in there.
Ron Bobman: I’m sorry, I just so I understand. So it covers all payrolls?
Steven Johnston: It is generally a property, it is a property catastrophe risk policy. And they follow our fortunes and we would have a virus exclusion in there.
Ron Bobman: Now the one other sort of strange twist will be if it ever becomes relevant, which I think it is low module, but what are the implications of the hours clause on that treaty and whether the pandemic and losses from it would be considered a single event or multiple events or somewhere in between?
Steven Johnston: Yes, that would be determined. If we ever got to that point, the hours clause for us as 120 hours, but our expectation is that we wouldn’t be in that position.
Ron Bobman: Okay. And any thoughts or plans to modify policy wordings on the BI subject?
Steven Johnston: I don’t think so at this point, but that is something again is second quarter, third quarter here evolves. We will keep an eye on things and we feel strong in our wording. We feel that an exclusion to those policies would just be belts and suspenders. And we feel that the policies do require physical damage or loss to the property.
Ron Bobman: Okay. Thanks a lot. Best of luck with this.
Steven Johnston: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will comes from the line of Mark Dwelle with RBC.
Mark Dwelle: Good morning. First I wanted to follow-up on a comment which Steve Spray made just a minute or two ago about sub-limits related to BI endorsements. Could you just go through that again? 
Stephen Spray: Sure. Mark. This is Steve Sprite. Our commercial standard property policies automatically include a sub-limit of $25,000 of business income. And then obviously like many other coverages, policy holders can elect to increase that limit based on their exposure. So it is not uncommon for property policies to include automatically a sub-limit for business income across the industry, and ours just happens to be 25,000. But again, even for that 25,000, you still need to have the direct physical damage or loss in the insuring agreement to trigger coverage.
Mark Dwelle: So just to make sure, I’m following the full flow of information, you had said initially that around 50% of the typical policies have a BI endorsement and then within those, the sub-limit which start at 25,000, and then to the extent somebody bought it up, it would be to whatever level they chose to pay an incremental premium to get a higher limit.
Stephen Spray: That is correct.
Mark Dwelle: Got it. Okay, that is helpful. Changing gears a little bit, in the quarter there was some continued reserve pressure relays the commercial auto, there was also a first time in a while, a little bit or second quarter in a row rather some pressure in the ENS segment on reserving. Can you just comment a little bit what we are seeing there and how the reserves are fairing?
Steven Johnston: Yes. We obviously feel good in our reserve position overall. We have developed favorably for 30-years now and we look at each line as it stands on its own. We do our best to make our best estimate. We think with the commercial auto, given the way it is been over the past several years, given what we saw with some of the paid trends that it was appropriate to do what we did with the commercial auto. In terms of the ENS, again, we feel strong in terms of our best estimate there. We did take a look at what was going on with defense and in cost containment, and we looked at that just across the casually lines for the standard and the ENS. For the standard we have asked some favorable movements and paid losses for the excess and surplus lines. We saw that go up by about a half a percent. And so, we just felt it appropriate to take the prudent action there, but we do feel good with the best estimate we have got in place.
Mark Dwelle: What do the rate increases look like in each of those segments, commercial auto and ENS in general?
Steven Johnston: Yes. For the commercial auto, we have been getting in the mid single-digits this past quarter. I think with the ENS, the way I would describe that, it is been more that the lower single-digits overtime, but we have increased that quarter-after-quarter, month-after-month for years now. It is just a nice steady, keeping up if not exceeding inflationary trends and producing excellent combined ratios over long periods of time. It is just been a very steady approach there.
Mark Dwelle: Okay. And then, I know you spend a lot of time in the sales offices and with the field underwriting staff and whatnot, can you just give us a sense of your customers and what they are doing, how they are changing policies, your own just anecdotal impression of how many people or what proportion are struggling to pay and so forth. Just trying to kind of get them as mosaic of what you are seeing on the ground amongst your small and mid market customer base.
Stephen Spray: Yes. Sure. It is all over the board there Mark. And we are being extremely flexible as you would expect with our policy holders in that. So, many of our liability policies are based on payroll and sales. We are working with our customers to reduce those exposures here, midterms, so that it will reduce their premium. They are contacting us with some concerns on being able to pay. We have instituted, we are putting a moratorium on cancellations for nonpayment of premium up until May 31st or later, if a state mandates it. The key here is, we want to help our policy holders and our agents through this and anything we can do to help that we will. I would say it is probably still a little too early to understand or have a full picture on premium collections over the long pole. So far, things have been good.
Mark Dwelle: Most of your underwriting is not really in areas that would have been particularly hard hit by virus outbreak itself. I mean, how to best to ask the question. But I mean, are you seeing regional differences? Or is what you are seeing just generally kind of across the base?
Stephen Spray: You mean, as far as the collections?
Mark Dwelle: Collections, pressure on wanting to change business, or change policy terms and so forth? I guess I’m trying to get out as if you are seeing any regional variation that is notable or exceptional?
Stephen Spray: Yes, I think this is a pretty broad based. We are not as far in the commercialized side which would be most impacted here. We newer to the northeast, which would certainly be more impacted by COVID. But I would say as far as the collections and individuals wanting to put layup credits on their fleet or reduce their exposures on their liability for payroll and sales. I would say that is pretty much across the board.
Mark Dwelle: Okay. Thank you for all the answers and best of luck going forward. Thanks.
Stephen Spray: Sure. Thank you.
Steven Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from line Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: Great, thanks. Good morning. Mike. I think your comments you mentioned that personal auto driving was down and that is accordingly so it is clean frequency. Can you just kind of fit in terms of what you are seeing with commercial auto?
Stephen Spray: Yes, this is Steve Spray. I would say we are seeing a little reduced frequency in commercial auto but it is still too early to tell on that. That is something that we will probably have to report back to you at a later date. Something we are watching closely. I do think that commercial auto and personal auto are an apples and oranges here, because so many businesses are still up in running. I think everyone knows that almost 40% of our GL premium is in contractor classes. Construction, a knock on wood so far has been able to continue for the most part across the country. So those vehicles are still out operating. One of the other areas that we are helping our policyholders on is many restaurants or other retail businesses have moved to a delivery to help their communities. And we are extending the average. It is adding exposure to us but it is something that we feel is the right thing to do. And so our exposures are going up on the higher non-owned commercial auto from delivery standpoint that we didn’t anticipate at the beginning of the policy period.
Meyer Shields: Okay, no, that makes perfect sense. Can you give us your sort of long-term historical perspective on the influence of declining unemployment on workers compensation frequently?
Steven Johnston: Yes, there is a couple of ways to look at that Meyer. Especially coming out of the financial crisis, there could be the thought before somebody gets laid off, they get injured. And there could be an increase in frequency. Offsetting that there could be with employers as they determine which employees they keep, they tend to keep the more experienced ones that would be safer. I think also with the another consideration would be what we are seeing with unemployment insurance and some of the increases in the payments for unemployment insurance, I think would have a mitigating effect there too. So, I think it is too early to really tell, but in terms of as you ask the long-term perspective, those would be some of the considerations that we would be looking at.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Thank you very much.
Steven Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Phil Stefano with Deutsche Bank.
Phil Stefano: Yes. Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to talk about premium volumes and the way it feels like it is been messaged by some peer is that, we will get a short-term shock and written premiums and second quarter, third quarter may have some pressures. I was just hoping you could kind of talk about it from what you are seeing. I don’t know to the extent that the distribution is a little more reliant upon face-to-face contacts with agents to the extent that the shelter-in-place may go longer than some are expecting. How do you feel about the business trajectory, I mean, retention likely to go up, but new business likely to, maybe qualitatively you can just help us think about directionally what this might be.
Steven Johnston: Yes. I think for the long-term Phil, our model is working extremely well. As Steve Spray likes to say, it is built for a situation like this and now I will let him have a chance to comment, but I think, we are just naturally going to see submissions go down as an economy is in the shape that it is in. What we are seeing though is, as that pie shrinks, we seem to be getting a bigger piece of the pie. And I think as we come out of this, all the works that we are doing with our agency facing model, with the great relationships, our field people, every discipline, working in the communities, with the agencies and so forth. I think will come out with that bigger piece of the pie as the pie grows. So, I feel for the long pool, we are in good shape. I would invite Steve to add anything if he wants.
Stephen Spray: I think that is perfect. I spent 10-years in the field, Phil and I do say that, if any company is built for this, it is Cincinnati Insurance Company. Having as few agencies as we do, having that limited franchise, I think helps us. We have fewer relationships to manage. We have deep relationships with each of them. Our field strategy taking the company out into the communities where our agents and policy holders are. 1,900 of our, 5,200 associates work from their homes in the communities, where our agents are and they have since 1950. So, it sets us up well there in the community deep relationships able to handle claims just like we literally are handling storm claims as we sit here and speak today, just delivering on that promise. So, I agree with Steve. I think that, submission counts, although they have dipped, they have flattened in that dip too. Our hit ratio has got a bit, and I think, like Steve said, I think our shot at a bigger piece of the pie, because of those deeper relationships and being local with our agents is key.
Phil Stefano: Understood. Thank you. And to revisit the workers’ compensation conversation just for a minute, I mean it is a line that is clearly has pricing pressure. We have seen favorable development slowed down, just given some of the maybe regulatory changes that are happening in workers’ compensation and the potential for increasing loss cost. Does it feel like that the COVID impact maybe something that changes the trajectory of this line of business?
Steven Johnston: Yes. I think, it would. I think we are in a pretty good position here with workers comp only being about 5% of our premiums. Our largest state here, Ohio is a monopolistic state fund. We really don’t have any California workers comp to speak of. It is very small. And we have been disciplined, I feel in terms of as we have seen the pricing soften. We haven’t done crazy things with commissions. We have done our best to, as I mentioned in the opening comments to really segment the book, make sure that we are getting rate on the ones that need it and that we are retaining the ones that highest profit potential. And I do think that I would expect that there would be some firming given the points that you made as we go forward.
Phil Stefano: Got it. Okay. And last one, I will ask. And I’m not quite sure how to ask. So I apologize if this comes out awkward. But it seems like the messaging is our primary policies do not have an explicit virus exclusion. But it is not something to worry about. It is not notable, but our reinsurance program doesn’t have a virus exclusion. And that is something that is notable. Like I guess to the extent I wanted to play devil’s advocate that might be a contrary there. Can you help me understand that.
Steven Johnston: Yes. And I’m very glad that you brought it up actually. Because I think maybe I was thinking when somebody was zagging. And when I talked about a reinsurance program, I was talking about what we see to our reinsurers, not what we would assume. What we would see to our reinsurer. So, it is basically that they are following the fortunes of us in terms of we are aligned with our policy provisions with the reinsurance that we seed to.
Phil Stefano: Okay, so one way or another, so goes the primary policy. So goes to reinsurance section.
Steven Johnston: Yes.
Phil Stefano: Understood. Okay, that make sense. Thank you, sir. 
Steven Johnston: Yes, thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Paul Newsome with Piper Sandler.
Paul Newsome: Good morning, folks. I wanted to ask a little bit more about what might be happening with retentions and sales. My sense from other conference calls is that at least in the last couple weeks of March, and maybe in April, agents in general are just not selling much. And they are also not pulling business from other carriers as well. So I think there is the presumption that we will see retentions go up and new sales go down. Is that kind of what you are seeing on the margin here or not?
Stephen Spray: Paul. I think that is very steep. And I think it is still probably a bit early. But I think your take on it is what we are hearing in the market place as well. I can tell you, though, that we are still active trying to write new business where maybe other carriers aren’t able to maybe meet the needs of the agent of the policyholder or that we feel that we can write that risk on a risk adjusted basis and make margin. But I think your general sense is right and something we are going to have to watch going forward. But that is kind of the feedback we are getting from the agents as well. It is just that the new business has slowed a bit, but retentions are real solid.
Paul Newsome: Outside of - options, and I’m curious if you are seeing or have any anticipation of increased liability claims in things like your liability and do you know, et cetera move I mean, I’m thinking, lawsuits for nursing homes and hospitals and doctors and factories that needed to protect their workers enough. Is there any sense that some of that may be happening or it is just too early?
Steven Johnston: I think it is too early. I think that we are just in unprecedented times here, and I think some of that will play out here over the next quarters that what we are seeing now. We are not really seeing that.
Stephen Spray: Paul, this is Steve Spray. I would just to what Steve was talking about earlier on workers’ compensation is being only 5% of our premiums. And on top of that is, we don’t have a large account number or a large policy number of municipalities or hospitals where we write the workers’ compensation or on the small book of skilled healthcare facilities that we do have. It would be rare that we would write the workers’ compensation. So, exposure to first responders for us, I think is going to be minimal as well.
Paul Newsome: Great. Thanks. Appreciate it.
Steven Johnston: Thanks Paul.
Operator: . The next question will come from the line of Larry Greenberg of Janney Montgomery.
Larry Greenberg: Good morning.
Steven Johnston: Good morning Larry.
Larry Greenberg: We are not in South Carolina, but that is okay.
Steven Johnston: We are not there yet.
Larry Greenberg: Yes. So, I think that statement on business interruption was that, most of your standard market policies don’t have the virus exclusion. I’m just curious where your policies would have a virus exclusion.
Stephen Spray: Yes. Larry, Steve Spray. That would typically be in States where we are inactive and where we have filed straight ISO. So we don’t have agents on the ground. We don’t have associates there. So, where we would write a secondary coverages outside of our active state, so inactive states where we file straight ISO, we would have some -.
Larry Greenberg: Got it.
Steven Johnston: And also on our excess and surplus lines company on CSU, they have that as well as the binders we ride out of the Lloyds.
Larry Greenberg: Okay, great. Thanks. And then, just an accounting questions, how you are going to treat the stay-at-home premium credits coming up, whether that is going to be a premium offset or will you account for it in the losses line?
Michael Sewell: Yes. This is Mike Sewell. It will be in the expense line as of right now. We understand, there might be a group, NAIC and others that might be looking at that issue, but as of right now, it will be an expense.
Larry Greenberg: Great. Thank you very much.
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Larry.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse.
Mike Zaremski: Thanks for fitting me back in. Just a follow-up on reinsurance. Can you remind us to the extent for some reason, some business interruption policies or just COVID writing claims were required to be paid out. How do we think about where to reinsurance program would start succinct in those payments?
Steven Johnston: Yes. Our program attaches it $100 million, which is why we feel confident that we won’t get there. But it is nice to know if there would be some legislative action or something that is just untested, unanticipated that we have the program and that we are in the falls of fortunate situations.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, perfect. That is all I have. Thank you, gentlemen.
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: There is no further audio questions showing. We get back to the closing remarks.
Steven Johnston: Okay, thank you very much, Nicole. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. We hope some of you will join us for our first ever virtual shareholder meeting on Saturday, May the 2nd at 9:30 AM. Eastern. While we intend to resume in person meeting until 2021. We felt moving the meeting online was the best way to keep shareholders and associates safe during the pandemic. Please visit www.cincin.com for details on how to register for the meeting. If you can’t make the meeting, we look forward to speaking with you again on our second quarter call. Thank you all very much and have a great day.
Operator: This does concludes today’s conference call. We thank you for your participation. And ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-06 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.  I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker for today Mr. Dennis McDaniel, Cincinnati Financial's Investor Relations Officer. Thank you, sir. Please go ahead.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel at Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results along with our supplemental financial package, including our year-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you'll first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer; and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including Chairman of the Board, Ken Stecher; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Cincinnati Insurance's Chief Insurance Officer, Steve Spray; Chief Claims Officer, Marty Mullen; and Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance, Theresa Hoffer. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. Now, I'll turn over the call to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today to hear more about our 2019 results. Operating results and overall financial performance for the fourth quarter and full year were excellent. And we also see reasons for confidence regarding future performance due to our proven strategy and demonstrated experience and execution. Net income for the fourth quarter rose nearly $1.1 billion, including more than $1 billion for changes in the fair value of equity securities. Non-GAAP operating income improved 28% for the quarter and on a full year basis, it was 26% higher than 2018. Strong 2019 operating performance for both the fourth quarter and for the year again reflected efforts to carefully underwrite and price policies provide outstanding service to our agencies and manage investments well. We also continue to benefit from risk diversification by product line and geography. Our fourth quarter 91.6% combined ratio helped lower full year 2019 to 93.8%, 2.6 points better than 2018. More favorable catastrophe weather effects contributed slightly more than one full percentage point for the year, while improved underwriting was reflected in various underlying measures. We continue to further segment our renewal and new business opportunities.
Mike Sewell: Great. Thank you, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Investment income growth continued at 4% for both the fourth quarter and full year 2019 doubling the growth rate we experienced for the previous year. Dividends from our equity portfolio again drove the growth, up 10% during the fourth quarter of 2019 and 11% for the year. Interest income from our bond portfolio was essentially flat for the year.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. It was a good quarter and 2019 overall was a great year. We see improving trends in several areas that give us confidence in the future for Cincinnati Financial. Last week A.M. Best recognized our capital strength and upward operating trends by affirming our A+ financial strength rating and raising our issuer credit rating to a little A from a little A-. At the same time, Best upgraded the financial strength rating of the Cincinnati Life Insurance Company to an A+ superior rating to match the rest of the Cincinnati companies. All ratings have a stable outlook. We know our strategy works and we'll continue to execute it as we target profitable growth while providing great service to our appointed agencies. That should benefit all stakeholders of the company creating shareholder value over time. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you during the remainder of the year. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Ken Stecher, Steve Spray, Marty Mullen, Marty Hollenbeck, and Teresa Hoffer. Catherine, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Yes, sir.  Your first question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse.
Mike Zaremski: Hey good morning gentlemen.
Steve Johnston: Good morning Mike.
Mike Zaremski: First question. I believe the language in the earnings release was about commercial P&C pricing was low single-digits which didn't seem like a change from last quarter. It feels like based on the surveys and some of your competitors who have released earnings there seems to be some pricing momentum. Would you say that you just you don't need to take as much price given the results are good? Or maybe it has to do with your book being a little bit more multiyear-weighted? Any color there would be great.
Steve Spray: Yes. Thanks Mike. This is Steve Spray. It's a great question one I believe certainly worth some further discussion. I'd tell you first we've certainly witnessed the disruption that you mentioned; large rate increases, capacity contraction that you're hearing about in the industry. However, I think it's a little more complex than that and I don't think you can simply paint the entire industry with a broad brush. I think it warrants peeling the layers back a little bit. And I think from our perspective the best way to do that is by line of business. I think commercial auto is still probably the best example of the entire line struggling to make money and the struggle seems to be rather universal across the industry. But the point is is even within commercial auto, we see segments under more pressure or ones that are more stressed than others. Large fleets with heavy gross vehicle weight trucks, long-haul transportation risks seem to be really under pressure, both from a rate and a capacity standpoint. I think in commercial property, it seems to be experiencing more disruption with the higher hazard risks, larger limit industrial properties, habitational, and anything coastal. Those will be just a few examples. On the casualty front, it feels like it's in a similar position as property. High-hazard-casualty risks such as manufacturers with tough product exposures, residential contractors that are in states where maybe construction defect jurisdictions are a little tougher. Professional liability even for us on skilled nursing home facilities really, really tough. I would say in the casualty segment though the thing that we've seen probably -- where there's been the most dislocation or disruption is an umbrella in excess liability and quite frankly on tougher risks that I mentioned before in the auto and on the casualty. Now, I think -- and I make that point in saying about the industry from a broad brush standpoint. While we certainly have risks in those types of business, it's not what we do on a day-to-day basis. It's not the lion's share of our book. Our average commercial account size is $11,000 in annual premium, and the marketplace for these risks from our perspective is certainly different. And the biggest thing I think to get to your question is I don't think that average rate increases tell the full story, at least not for the strategy that we're trying to execute in Cincinnati. And I would say it all starts day-to-day work with our agents, our field underwriters, our field marketing reps who handle all new commercial lines business, and then the headquarters underwriters who are working on renewals. We're taking a risk-by-risk approach trying to balance the art and science of underwriting. We just don't believe that from our perspective the rising tide, raising all boats is a sustainable strategy. And we're confident going forward that we've got the data and the professional underwriters to execute on a segmentation strategy like we have been, and get the appropriate risk -- or excuse me, the appropriate price on the appropriate risk on a risk-adjusted basis. On the business that we feel is the most adequately priced, Mike we are really focused on retaining that business. And then on the segments, where we feel that maybe the pricing isn't quite as adequate or that our opportunity for a profit, there we are really pushing the rate. And we're seeing the rate increases on that segment really at a much higher level obviously than the business that we feel is most adequately priced. Or if we're pushing really hard in that business, sometimes we're losing it. So, it's changing the mix of our entire book, and I think it's showing up in our results. Anytime you have good results, I don't think it's any -- it's ever any just one thing. But from my perspective being here for 28 years, the pricing sophistication that we've been executing on over the last several years is certainly having an impact. And I think that's -- commercial lines has just completed eight years of underwriting profit, and I don't think it's by any accident. I think it's that pricing segmentation strategy that we're going to continue to execute. So, probably here a bit of a long-winded answer, but it's a big topic and I -- we're executing well on it. I think it's worthwhile having a discussion.
Mike Zaremski: That's helpful. And I guess a couple of things that might dovetail with those comments. So, do you feel like the industry -- like pricing should be biased higher just given the interest rate headwinds in the industry is facing? Like you -- or maybe you kind of feel you don't need to have in your book? And I guess separately were there any -- some companies have said that loss cost inflation on the casualty is going to inch-up a little bit quarter-over-quarter or year-over-year. Are you guys seeing any changes in your trends? Those are two separate questions.
Steve Johnston: This is Steve Johnston, Mike. Really good questions. I agree 100% with the answer Steve Spray just gave. In terms of the interest rates, we certainly do consider them. They're really just low. I mean they're bouncing around your 50 basis points or a little bit more from time-to-time. But wherever they are and where they settle, it's really low against historic norms. And we recognize that in -- that we do have to make an underwriting profit and a good one every year. Just as Steve mentioned, eight years in a row now that we've put in underwriting profits. I think in terms of the trends, I guess my main point is and it buttresses what Steve said is we do have very sophisticated pricing models. And we look at them in the results on a policy-by-policy basis. We aggregate them up, everything that we're seeing from our pricing models, which show that we're more adequately priced today than we were a year ago. And those trends look such that we feel will be more adequately priced next year. Hence the comment in my prepared remarks that we feel that our combined ratio, we can perform next year to either match or exceed where we are today. In terms of the inflation, we've always measured inflation. We do that explicitly in our reserving models. I do think -- and I'd like to talk a little bit about the size of policy. As Steve mentioned, our average policy is about $11,000. For CSU, it's about $6,000. 93% of our commercial GL policies have occurrence limits of $1 million or less. 92% of our umbrella and excess policies have limits of $5 million or less. So, we don't feel that insulates us from inflation or if you want to call it social inflation. However, we do believe the effects on those companies that write the smaller limits would be less. In actuarial circles, we kind of refer to that as the leverage effect of inflation. And basically if you would look at it to give a simple example, I'm picking a number out of here and say -- let's say 10% since it's a round number. I'm not suggesting we see 10% inflation but just picking a number. And you have $1 million limit. If you had a claim last year that was over $910,000 and you had it again this year that would hit the limit and would not be a 10% increase. It would be held down by the limit. And also it would go over the $1 million limit and compound the inflation in the next layer up. So that's the leverage effect of inflation. And so we do think -- and we do not think that it would insulate us from what we're seeing in inflation. But we do think for those of us that write lower limits due to this leverage effect of inflation, it's going to have less of an impact on us. We haven't seen any surprises. I mean we talked about that in our last call in terms of seeing back in 2015, an uptick in inflation. We increased our reserves on the casualty side by 27% since then. The IBNR portion of that is up 50%. And that's against over that period of time about a 12% increase in earned premiums. On the commercial auto side, our reserves since 2015 up 44%. Our total reserves IBNR component up 140% while the earned premiums have been up 26%. So we're not being surprised by anything. We believe in our models. We think, we understand the impact of inflation on us. And we really feel confident that our pricing is adequate and improving. And we throw in with that all the good work that's going on in just old-fashioned underwriting, loss control claims. Everybody is chipping in. And that's why we feel confident in saying that we're going to give information that we think our combined ratio next year will be at least as good as it is this year. A little bit long-winded but I think that's the essence of where a lot of the questions are coming now Mike.
Mike Zaremski: Yeah. Great color. Thank you for the answers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Kumar from Buckingham Research.
Amit Kumar: Thanks and good morning. Maybe I'll follow-up Mike's question in a different manner. So staying on the discussion on, I guess the guidance and maybe let's start with commercial lines. I would have imagined with all the discussion that's going on your guidance probably would have gotten better than what you suggested. And maybe if you were to look at this in a different manner what number are you picking or thinking for loss cost inflation versus earned rate?
Steve Johnston: Well, we feel with our rate that it is above what we see in the loss cost inflation. We've talked about our commercial lines, our average rate being in the low single digits. So it's going to be a little bit less than that. And again I think to Steve's point, it has to do with segmentation. When we look at loss cost trends, it's not historic. When we look at loss cost trends, it's prospective. Rate making from an actuarial perspective is rate -- is prospective. So you always want to try to be projecting how much will loss cost increase into the prospective policy period. And that is impacted by the great segmentation that Steve and his people are doing as we move the book away from those policies with the less profit potential to those with the highest profit potential. And so it's a matter of every company having a different mix, a different position, a different geography. Everything is different. And we can't look at our premium as -- our total commercial premium as if it's one policy and it gets that rate increase. It's thousands of policies all being treated individually by local underwriters that can go out and put the decision at the intersection of the art and science of underwriting to see risks to meet management teams. And we really feel confident as our results would show that we're doing a good job in that respect.
Amit Kumar: So as a follow-up to that question. You know, when you look at the buckets of different policies et cetera or sub-segments if you will many companies will talk about there is a bucket of business which still needs rate and then there's a bucket which is adequate and other is obviously benefiting from the hardening. Can you, sort of, talk about -- even in a broader sense are there buckets in your overall, which could definitely use more rate acceleration from here? And maybe what percent is sort of adequately priced here?
Steve Johnston: Sure. And it's not so much buckets. We do summarize to groupings but it's looked at with each single policy. It's the technology. It's the skill that we have now. And we're not the only one in the industry in this position. But it's -- by a long shot it's looking at each policy on its overall merits. And I do think we add -- in addition to the science that we bring to the table which I think is substantial we bring people on the ground, working from their homes, living in the communities with the agents that go out see the risks meet the management teams. And so we have worked the percentage of those that are we believe those with the most profit potential to be a substantial part of our book.
Amit Kumar: Okay. The other question I had was just staying on the topic of social inflation. And I was looking at the claim count data and that's probably closed claim count data. Maybe you can talk about your own book? And if you look at it over the past I don't know 3, 6, 9, 12, 24-months have you seen any pressure or noticeable pressure from social inflation in terms of attorney involvement, et cetera? I know you talked about how the small size of the book insulates it to a great extent, et cetera and you're confident of the changes. But in your book are you noticing trends where you're like, okay. That is interesting and that is exactly what we thought it would be or maybe in pockets where it's coming in better than what you expected?
Steve Johnston: We -- this is Steve Johnson, again. We have seen trends over a period of years. It's nothing that just jumped up here in the last six months and surprised us. I think if we go back to 2015 we did see some movement there. We did -- you'd have to have a good memory but we did as I just gave the numbers increase our reserves over the last few years took some adverse development back then fuel that puts us in a very strong position. We just said back then that for somebody who wants to have 31 years of favorable development you have to react to trends as soon as you see them. We saw them we reacted and we feel good about our position. I think it's -- the answer would be it's just been more of a stable look at inflation over the last several years rather than something that we've seen jump up in the last six months.
Amit Kumar: Got it. That's helpful. Last question. On the E&S segment obviously it's seen good growth. And I was, sort of, wondering when you look at the different businesses and the rates versus returns how are you thinking about sort of capital allocation for 2020? Clearly E&S is where a lot of rate movement is happening and submission activity is happening. I was just wondering I mean we've seen great growth in the past few quarters. Is that sustainable? Or are you saying, okay, you know what? This is where we want to be in our broader pie chart? Maybe just talk about that.
Steve Johnston: Sure. This is Steve Johnson again and maybe Steve Spray would want to chime in. But what we preach is that the next policy that we write we want to be adequately priced on a risk-adjusted basis. In the E&S space under the leadership of Don Doyle they've just been doing a fantastic job. I mean over the last -- they have increased rates in the mid single-digit range for 113 straight quarters. I mean that's 9.5 years every quarter. And so we're going to continue to allow them on a policy-by-policy basis to pick the risks that they think are best. We think that business model that we have with our excess and surplus lines company gives us a great advantage in work. So we're going to continue to ask them to do that policy by policy. I sometimes love to demand matching this year's growth rate, or especially when it's that high, because it might put pressure to accept risks that have less profit potential. So we just want them to be out in the agent's offices, which they do a tremendous job of doing, look at every policy on its merits, write the ones that we think that we can write at the very profitable levels that they've been doing over the years.
Steve Spray: Yes. And this is -- yes, this is Steve. I'm sorry...
Amit Kumar: I'm sorry. Go ahead.
Steve Spray: This is Steve Spray. I would -- to the other part of your question too, I just -- for 2020 anyway, we still feel the submission counts are up. We don't see any change in the marketplace that would think that we can't continue to grow the E&S business.
Steve Johnston: And Steve wrote me a note correcting that it's 113 months, not 113 quarters. I had the 9.5 years.
Amit Kumar: Okay. Thanks so much and good luck for the future.
Steve Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: Great. Thanks. Good morning.
Steve Johnston: Good morning, Mayer.
Meyer Shields: Obviously, we're seeing --good morning, I'm sorry -- tremendous success on the pricing sophistication. And I'm trying to get a handle on continued potential upside, so I'm going to frame the question this way. Is there any quantification or description of, let's say, the current profitability gap between the best and worst 10% of your book and what that looked like three years ago?
Steve Johnston: Yes. We have all that in detail. I don't think we're in a position to make a disclosure on it, but it has made really substantial improvement over that period of time.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Fair enough. And then, two really smaller questions. First, are you seeing any increase in workers' compensation severity? We're seeing medical costs fill up and maybe wages going up and I'm wondering how that's running through the book.
Steve Johnston: We look at the loss costs pretty much in total. It has been a mix of increasing inflation. I don't know that I would say that it's picked up or spiked. It's been just a pretty steady inflationary increase. Our frequency and, again, I think, it has to do with the segmentation and so forth, is still continuing to be down. And over the last many years it's down by a substantial amount. So we look at the total loss cost trend and that is one line where we feel we're losing some ground to that, in terms of where we are with the rate, but we're losing it like much of the industry, from a very profitable position. And you don't want to do anything rash that would run off good profitable business. We've got a real long-term focus.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Now, that makes perfect sense. And then finally, I think, you did a great job explaining the whole in place on leverage. But I'm wondering, whether the social inflation phenomenon that we're hearing a lot about, is that more pronounced at accounts that have higher limits? In other words, is there a deep pocket phenomenon also?
Steve Johnston: I've wondered about that. It's not just by size of limit, but by geography, as well. If you're going to have increased attorney involvement, they're going to, I would think, seek deep pockets. They would seek jurisdictions, maybe, where they think they might have a higher likelihood of success. But at this point, it's just kind of a thought experiment more than anything we're seeing in the data.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Fantastic. Thanks so much.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Meyer.
Operator:  So we'll take the next question from Mark Dwelle with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Dwelle: Yes. Good morning. I think my esteemed colleagues have already exhausted quite a lot of the questions that I had hoped to ask, but a couple of others to hit on. Given the pricing trends and things that you're seeing, do you contemplate any changes in business appetite in either Cincinnati Re or Cincinnati Global? And maybe, while you're at it, just a little bit of an update on how those businesses are performing and what your thoughts are there?
Steve Johnston: Yes. It's pretty much steady go the course with both. They're just doing a great job. I mean from what you could see in the numbers there, the combined ratio for Cincinnati Re for the year it came in at -- in the low 90s, the growth, 44%. I think they're doing it in a disciplined fashion. The submission flow for the fourth quarter was up 31% from where it was a year ago. And the hit ratio went down. It's actually accepting less than 20% of those that are submitted to them. And that's very consistent with what we wanted to do from the beginning, which was have an allocated capital model. We didn't set up a company and put capital in there such that they would feel compelled to grow maybe recklessly against that capital. We want them to just look at each of the contracts that they're faced with and make good decisions there. They've really staffed up with some very, very skilled underwriters, actuaries, technicians. It's actually without that being the plan been quite steady over time. On an inception date -- inception-to-now basis the property, premiums have been about 33%; the casualty 54%; the specialty 13%. For this year, it was 32, 51 in 2017. So very consistent with the way they've been operating. And so we're happy there. And we encourage them as markets change to look at opportunities. The Cincinnati Global couldn't be more happy with the way that that started out. We know, there'll be volatility therein in Cincinnati Re, but we hadn't done an acquisition for many, many years. And it's always better to start off on the right foot than in a loss position. They've had good growth. They've come in in the low 80s with their combined ratio. One thing I can say there is, as they file their business plan with Lloyd's. It's for good growth. They're going to add two new lines. One of them is going to be terrorism; the other one is going to be political risk. And so they've already hired seasoned underwriters to start to write those lines of business and take advantage of a -- what we think to be affirming -- and trade credit, I'm sorry. So there's terrorism political risk and trade credit. So, there's the higher experienced underwriters in those two areas. They're going to I think take advantage of a firming market over there at Lloyd's.
Mark Dwelle: That's helpful. I appreciate the update. And then, the other question I had probably for Marty. Just with equity markets at kind of record levels and bond yields, I don't know thrashing around in the 1s, anything you're doing differently from a portfolio management perspective just to balance exposures and so forth?
Marty Hollenbeck: Nothing dramatic. What we do is look for opportunity in the yield curve where we see it. We might put a little more money short term maybe try to wait out a little bit; try to get a surge in yields, that kind of thing, but not a lot. We're getting the dividend increases which have been very healthy last couple of years. So, that protects us a little bit. So, nothing on the scale that would be particularly meaningful.
Mark Dwelle: Anything on the equity side? You're harvesting any gains or otherwise repositioning there?
Marty Hollenbeck: Not too much. No, we're kind of staying in the course there as well. Not seeing as you might expect as you alluded to a whole lot of values out there, but there's pockets to be had out there. So, we generally don't make big macro calls and really move portfolio around a whole lot, so fairly steady.
Mark Dwelle: Okay. Thanks for those questions and appreciate the update. Thanks.
Marty Hollenbeck: Thank you, Mark.
Operator: And with no further questions at this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Steve Johnston for any closing remarks.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Catherine, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter 2020 call. Thank you, very much and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-25 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. . I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker for today, Mr. Dennis McDaniel with Investor Relations Officer. Thank you, sir. Please go ahead.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel at Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us on our Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the Quarterly Results link in the navigation menu on the far left. 
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our third quarter results. Our operating performance was again strong, and we're making steady progress on profitably growing our insurance business overtime. We believe our improving results reflect our winning strategy and dedication to executing it well.  Net income for the third quarter of 2019 was very good. Although, it did not match our results from a year ago when changes in the fair value of equity securities represented nearly 2/3 of the total. Non-GAAP operating income was up an impressive 31% and is up 26% for the first 9 months of this year. Every segment of our business performed well, and it was nice to see an underwriting profit in each of our property casualty operating units for both the third quarter and the first 9 months of the year.  Our 94.2% third quarter 2019 property casualty combined ratio was 2.6 percentage points better than a year ago, and it improved 2.7 points on a year-to-date basis. We continue to see benefits from work in recent years to diversify risk by product line and geography. We also are pleased with results from ongoing segmentation of risks, retaining more profitable accounts and getting better pricing on less profitable business. That gives us increasing confidence to decline opportunities when we determine profit margins are unsatisfactory. We also benefit from having outstanding independent insurance agents, representing the company. They understand how to communicate value to their clients, and they continue to produce more premium revenues for us as we earn a larger share of their business. Our consolidated property casualty net written premiums rose 8%, including renewal price increases and healthy growth in new business written premiums. 
Michael Sewell: Thank you, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Our investment income rose again, up 5% for the third quarter of 2019 before income tax effects. Dividend growth from our equity portfolio was 11% as dividend rates have increased for many of our holdings. Net purchases of stocks during the third quarter totaled $77 million. Interest income from our bond portfolio declined slightly from the same quarter a year ago. The pretax average yield was 4.03% for the third quarter, down 16 basis points from the third quarter of last year.  We continue to invest in bonds with third quarter net purchases of $208 million. As we reported in our 10-Q, the average pretax yield for the total of purchased taxable and tax-exempt bonds was roughly 60 basis points lower than the same period in 2018, so interest income may continue to be pressured. Investment portfolio valuation changes for the third quarter of 2019 were again favorable for both our stock and bond portfolios. The overall net gain was $186 million before tax effects. That included $89 million for equity portfolio and $99 million for our bond portfolio.  We ended the quarter with net appreciated value of $4.2 billion, including $3.6 billion in our equity portfolio. Cash flow remained strong and fueled investment income growth. Cash flow from operating activities generated $880 million for the first 9 months of 2019, up 7% or $54 million, even after paying $114 million more this year in catastrophe losses. Another important area for management is balancing expense controls with strategic investments to aid in the profitable growth of our business.  The third quarter 2019 property casualty underwriting expense ratio was 0.3 percentage points higher than last year's third quarter. But on a 9-month basis, it matched the average of full years 2016 through 2018. Regarding reserving, doing so carefully is imperative. We aim for a consistent approach as we target net amounts in the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of net loss and loss expense reserves. During the third quarter 2019, we experienced a satisfactory amount of property casualty net favorable development on prior accident years. Favorable reserve development for the quarter benefit our combined ratio by 3.7 percentage points.  On a year-to-date, all lines basis by accident year, it included 33% for accident year 2018, 27% for accident year 2017 and 40% for 2016 and prior accident years. Regardless of weather, the root cause of particular changes and loss control trends is from social inflation or other matters, we do our best to establish adequate reserves. For example, we have disclosed that since the end of 2015, we've increased our commercial casualty total loss reserves by $324 million or 26%. 
Steven Johnston: Thanks, Mike. As we head into the last quarter of the year, we're committed to maintaining the momentum we've created so far in 2019. We're confident that Cincinnati Financial was on the right track to deliver shareholder value far into the future. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you during the remainder of the year.  As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Marty Mullen, Marty Hollenbeck, Theresa Hoffer and Ken Stecher.  Katherine, please open the call for questions.
Operator: . Your first question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with Crédit Suisse.
Michael Zaremski: First question. Thanks for addressing the loss trend discussion. If I look at your year-to-date losses paid versus incurred levels for commercial casualty and commercial auto, they -- just the ratio does seem to be higher year-over-year, I think, or I could be wrong year-over-year but it's close to 100%. Does that indicate that you potentially are seeing a rise in loss inflation trends? I don't know your view there. Are you guys seeing any changes, some of your competitors, the larger ones, have said that they are seeing an increase in trend? And they also pointed out that they're getting more pricing, so maybe you could comment on that.
Steven Johnston: Okay. Thanks, Mike. And that does seem to be the question of this earning season. As we look at the paid-to-incurred ratios, the paid -- as you mentioned, the paid to incurred this year is a bit higher than last year. But last year was actually one of the lowest paid incurred that we had. So if we look at it more over the long term, we think we've addressed our reserving position in casualty, commercial auto and really all the lines very consistently over time. And I think I break it down, going back to 2015, 2016 as Mike pointed out in his conference call.  We look at inflation in total. So social inflation or any other kind of inflation would be a part of that, and we have a very talented actuarial team. They use a very sophisticated basket of techniques to come up with the estimate.  One of them that they use is a multiple regression method that regresses not only over the accident years, the development years but also the calendar years. And that regression over the calendar years makes an explicit estimation of inflation effects.  And so I thought it was important that Mike pointed out that while the total reserve has been increasing much more than the earned premium or our proxy for exposure. Within that increase, the IBNR was up significantly. The IBNR for casualty over that period of time was up 49%; the auto, up 158%. And if you think about it, we like, most people, that IBNR component has a provision for both the development on case incurred losses, which our claims department does a great job of estimating, and those are claims that have actually been reported and we put an estimate on it. So within that IBNR, there's a good bit of -- for pure IBNR, pure incurred but not reported claims. And so I think a lot of the inflationary effects, no matter how we described them, would be in those ones that we really don't know about yet. The incurred but not reporting. And I think over the history of our company, we've just really done a good job of being prudent in terms of estimating the total reserve. And I think this increase in IBNR that we've had over a period of time has put us really in a good position. I think it's manifested in now 29 years in a row that we've had our reserves developed favorably, and we really just think our best to estimate for our lines of business are all in a good position right now. So that's part of it. That's the reserving part of your question, I think.  And I think that that's an important part of it because you don't want to have to be paying for adverse development on prior years. So we feel we're in a good position in terms of our current reserves. 
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Great that's helpful. And I guess, I think, I've tried to ask this in previous quarter just because there's a number of moving parts, and it's -- workers comps are meaningful beneficiary and the -- to earnings mostly from reserve releases. But the top line is coming down a lot and the underlying loss ratio is deteriorating.  So is that trend mostly due to decreases in pricing? And on the other hand, what's causing so much of reserve releases to come out. Is it both severity and frequency are better, or is it mostly more recent accident years or the older accident years? Any color would be helpful.
Steven Johnston: Sure. This is Steve Johnston again. On the reserving said, I'll touch on that, and then Steve Spray will touch on the pricing side. But on the reserving side, we -- whenever we set these, we set our reserves with certain assumptions as to inflation settlement practices in all the data that we can look at. And basically what's been happening with the workers compensation is, and I think it's a real team effort around here in terms of every area the company contribute in, particularly our claims department, our underwriting department, the pricing department. The actuals have just been coming in underneath, what we said is our expectation for the reserve development.  So it's just been a matter of actuals comparing favorable to what we put in in terms of the expectation. And you have to be careful with setting those expectations. I'm sure you know in the workers comp, longtail line, a lot of the trends have been favorable over time but you have to be careful to keep an eye out for any turning points that there might be. And again, we take a prudent approach to the reserving of all lines. And Steve, you might want to comment on the pricing.
Stephen Spray: Yes, Mike. Steve Spray. On the pricing, it's similar to the discussions we've had in the prior few quarters. NCCI base rate declines across states are having a compounding effect. But I will tell you, I concur completely with Steve, it's been a total team effort here. Our field reps, our renewal underwriters are working with our agents on work comp pricing, making sure that our risk selections where it needs to be that we're getting the right rate. Of all of our lines, commercial lines, lines of business, the new business is really only off in 2 lines, workers compensation and professional liability. Professional liability is a much smaller segment. But I think it shows the discipline we have in risk selection and in pricing on the work comp book.  Just looking at the -- as Steve talked about the segmentation, specifically the workers compensation, and we use the analytics and the tools that we have there. We still feel good about our overall pricing of that book of business, but it's no doubt the accident year results are under pressure from the base rate declines.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Great that's helpful. And just lastly on the excess and surplus lines segments. If you could remind us is this growth sustainable? Is there something one time, or is it -- I know there was a Lloyd's acquisition maybe that's in that segment too?
Steven Johnston: Yes. The CGE, the Lloyd's acquisition would not have any impact on our E&S company, CSU. I would say that I feel that the -- that we feel that the growth there in CSU is sustainable. I think it's -- it is showing what's going on in the marketplace. The submission counts in our E&S company are up considerably. I would make note there too Mike that we've got just a great experience team, and they have been consistent and stable in their underwriting appetite, the terms, conditions and the pricing, and the pricing is improving as well.  Our value proposition for our agents is still extremely attractive. I think we have more and more of our agencies turning to us and because of our value proposition with the E&S company, and I've talked about that in the past as well. So we feel good about not only the profitability that we have there but our growth trajectory too.
Michael Zaremski: And I guess just I could ask you sometimes I don't have the best answer. So just the -- like usually an E&S company doesn't fit in a traditional commercial insurance company. So what -- why are you -- how are you able to have the analytics or capabilities to have an E&S company, since you are more of a traditional commercial insurer? Is there something unique there?
Steven Johnston: Yes. I think one, we've just -- we've built a tremendous amount of expertise on the team for E&S underwriting. The majority of that book, about 88% of it, is really traditional casualty business, albeit a little tougher, all right? So it might be -- well, inherently it's going to be a risk that is not eligible for the admitted market. As an example, you might have a borrowed tab and the admitted market doesn't feel that it can get the proper terms and conditions or pricing, so that would end up in the E&S market.  Where I think our differences, and why we are outperforming the industry on our E&S operation is we've stuck to our knitting, like I said before, the underwriters, the entire team has been consistent in their appetite in terms, conditions and the pricing. And the value proposition we have for our agents and the policyholders and their community is different. The traditional E&S route is for a retail agent to go to the wholesale market, and then the wholesale market go to the broader E&S carriers.  We've formed our own brokerage, our underwriters are employees of the brokerage, our agents have direct access to the decision-makers in our E&S company. The other big thing is, now there's a several of them. But we gave our agents, I think more confidence on that E&S business because we use all the local resources of Cincinnati Insurance company to bear with our E&S company as well. Most importantly, our claims operation. So our agents have a relationship with that local claims adjuster that will handle both the admitted market business as well as the nonadmitted. We run our brokerage lean and mean. We can return more of the commission to our agents. And on top of that, we include the premium and losses from our E&S company into the Cincinnati Insurance company overall profit sharing arrangements. So we're aligned with our agents but they send us business that they feel is going to perform better than maybe some other E&S might.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill.
Paul Newsome: Congrats on the quarter. One of the things just comes up with the call so far has been most of BCF reported incrementally stronger price increases in the third quarter and the second. But I think you said that you really weren't seeing that, it was more flat, not that that's terribly bad. But could you maybe, I think, I know what the answer is but could you maybe talk about why this might be the case that maybe you're not seeing quite the same dynamic as some other companies in the commercial insurance role?
Stephen Spray: Well, Paul, this is Steve Spray. Let me try to tackle that. Let me try to tackle from commercial, personal and E&S. We have had consistent average net rate change that we've reported over the last several quarters. But that doesn't tell the full story. What we're really trying to execute. And I think we're doing a great job in all segments. At the underwriting level working with our agents is focused on segmentation. We're really focused on retaining the most profitable business, the business that we feel we have an opportunity to have a better margin. We are really focused on getting larger rate that's needed on that business that we feel is less apt to drive a profit for us. And our retention spreads look really good there as well. So we are retaining more of that -- more profitable business. We're either getting rate or we're losing some of that business to the market, and we're comfortable with that. It's changing our mix, and I think it's -- you're seeing it in our results.  Now that's primarily, what I'm talking about there is commercial lines. The same story is going on in personal lines. You can see it in our auto results. We continue to improve our sophistication on pricing both on the auto, in home. That continues to evolve. It's good number that's going to continue to get better. And as everybody is reporting, you're seeing better personal auto results, and we're seeing that as well. But there is certainly some variability and volatility going on in the homeowner book and we've seen that as well.  And the good news there is we feel like we're in a positive rate environment on homeowner, and we think the runaway is long, and we'll continue that we'll serve everybody well and it's needed. Our E&S company has continued to get low single-digit rate even with the levels of profit that they've generated. They've gotten low single-digit rate quarter over quarter over quarter for quite a while. So that really sums up the way we look at rate, and the way we look at execution, the way we work day-to-day with our agents, Paul.
Steven Johnston: And Paul, this is Steve. I might just add 1, just -- I agree with -- 100% with everything Steve said. With the commercial casualty and it's more of a Q comment then we put in the press release or the scripts that we are gaining a little bit more on the commercial casualty, still in that same range that we put out. But it is a little bit higher than it's been in the second quarter on average and Steve's points about segmentation talk to the distribution about that average.
Paul Newsome: Could you home in on some of the -- on your commercial auto business and what's happening with your business as well as your perception of the market. That seems to be the most notable segment the people are focusing on -- across the industry.
Stephen Spray: Yes. Sure. Paul. And prior to the role I'm in now, when I was leading commercial lines. I lived this real time. So I think I can speak to it. This is Steve Spray. We really saw back in 2016 is where we really took a sense of urgency and started taking serious action on the commercial auto book. And again, it goes, to what I mentioned before, we really focused on the segmentation piece of it and risk selection. But just from a pricing standpoint, we really got aggressive starting in 2016, and I really believe that we're out in front of this issue. And the reason I can -- why I measure that is we have such a close relationship with our agents. We have so few of them, you know our distribution model. But we on a daily basis, we're delivering necessary auto rate change back starting in 2016. We were causing considerable pain, and we heard pretty regularly that we were, "an outlier" from our agents as far as how hard we were pushing.  Well, fast forward to fourth quarter '18, really beginning in '19, that pain has really, kind of, gone away. And I think it's because others really started noticing and started taking similar action. So if you look at our x-cap accident year on the commercial auto, it is continuing to improve. We haven't crossed the finish line. Now that loss ratio isn't where we wanted to be. But I can tell you we feel really good about the trajectory and where we're heading with that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua Shanker: Another great quarter. Congratulations. So I got a question this morning, somebody wanted to know just how well you're doing in the high net worth individual market? And I started trying to build a time series. I noticed that you've talked about overtime your growth rate differently. Some years you've talked about it in terms of most recently how much premium you're getting in that business, sometimes you've talked about it in the new business generated, some of them tend to change in new business generated.  In terms of going forward, this has been a good growth here, and you're talking about in terms of total premium. Are you planning on breaking this out into its own segment given the clarity of the disclosure?
Michael Sewell: Josh, this is Mike Sewell. We are not planning on breaking that out. That would still be a part of the personal lines, now whether or not we give additional information within some charts and so forth. But it would not qualify as a separate segment on its own under the GAAP rules. Go ahead, Josh.
Joshua Shanker: Well i was wondering, may be if we talk about the relative margin high net worth versus personal lines, the whole, whether it's a more profitable business or about the same level of profitability? And two, whether we can talk about rate in high net worth versus rate in the personal lines business more broadly?
Stephen Spray: Sure, Josh. This is Steve Spray. Let me first start with, I think some numbers I can give you on high net worth. It's -- right now, it's about 28% of our total personal lines book. It's how we would break out high net worth. When we started really focusing on high net worth, being deliberate about it. A little over 5 years ago, our book was at about $100 million, and it's now approaching $400 million, written premium this year is up over 30% and new business was up about 25% to give you a little flavor there.  I will tell you that we've got an experienced, Will Van Den Heuvel leads personal -- leads all personal lines, came to us with 25 years of high net worth experience, has brought nearly 40 people with him who had many years of high net worth experience as well.  So overnight, we became a 25-year high net worth experienced company. We were deliberate to get into that business because over time, historically, it has outperformed the broader personal lines market. Plus we like the value we bring as a company through claims and our coverage forms and all of that. So it was a natural progression for us there. I will tell you that on the homeowner front, from the very beginning as we're growing this business, we fully expected quarter-to-quarter variability. We're writing larger risks that can have larger losses may also bring larger premiums with them, but we have experienced some of that inherent variability. We did in the third quarter this year with some larger losses on high net worth homes as well.  We've dug in to each one of those. We don't see any trend on geography by agency. You name it. So we think it's, again, it's just inherent variability from quarter-to-quarter, it's expected. We expect it to continue on that front going forward as well.  Now I think, if you look at the industry, we're seeing many of the competitors are reporting some pain in the high net worth homeowner area as well, and that kind of goes to what I was saying earlier is we think the runaway for rate will remain positive there. And it's going to benefit us as well.
Joshua Shanker: And correct me if I'm wrong. But your strategy, not because -- for any of the reasons I think it's just where you started, is concentrated in the New York tri-state area more so than other places. Can we talk about the scaling that naturally, and whether or not the geographic concentration is sort of you're sticking with or should we expect in 5 years that your writing is robustly on the West Coast as you are in New York?
Stephen Spray: Yes. Well, no. It's a great question, Josh. Let me clear that up as well. It's not centered just into the Northeast. We've rolled out our high net worth product across the country. I believe now we're in 41 states -- 42 states, excuse me, active, where we have agents appointed. We're running high net worth across the country with all of our agents. Now candidly, a lot of those -- a lot of that clientele is on the coast, and we are growing in New York in the Northeast, and we are also growing in California. Now our California growth has slowed some and it's been by design. That market is, I would say, in flux from the '17 and '18 wild fire losses. We were undersized there, and we've talk about that in the past and our loss experience was -- we experienced losses. We didn't experience any total fire losses either, and we actually avoided 11 -- excuse me, 11 total losses on risks that we had declined. So we think our underwriting there is really solid as well. So California has slowed a bit but we are still completely committed to California. Our agents there, we think it's a good opportunity, and we'll continue to grow that too. Does that answer the question, Josh?
Joshua Shanker: Yes, that's great. That's great. And then in terms of the E&S market, can you talk about a little bit on where you think the business came from the past to you to the extent that you were taking it from the admitted market, form competitors who were well entrench within your agencies. And as next year happens do you expect that there will be as easier market to pull business away from it. It's never easy, of course, but does seem like there was a lot of business looking for an omen in 2019?
Steven Johnston: Yes. It's a great question. I think that it's kind of coming from a little bit of everywhere, Josh. I think there's certainly is an element to admitted market companies taking kind of retrenching in some of that business that flows back and forth between E&S and admitted market based on the cycle is flowing back into the E&S company. That's a big chunk of what they're writing. I still think our value proposition is -- the word still continues to get out, and we just continue to trip on our agents, and they continue to send more and more business our way. The key there though Josh for us, I think is that -- a key point is that our underwriting appetite and consistency and approach in terms of condition and pricing have stayed -- have remained stable, they've stuck to their knitting and just getting more opportunities because of a market, a little bit in flux.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Dwelle with RBC.
Mark Dwelle: I think a lot of the ground has already been covered. But maybe just ask a two more -- two other question, I don't think we've hit on. First one for Mike. Just within the investment portfolio with interest rates having declined. Or anything that you're doing there different or just strategically for positioning? And if you could just remind me there, kind of what portion of that portfolio typically is up for reinvestment in any given year?
Martin Hollenbeck: Sure. Mark, this in Marty Hollenbeck. We really don't do a lot of different in the fixed income portfolio. The exception in the last couple of years is being skewed more favoring taxable versus tax-exempt bonds. There's really 2 -- kind of 2 variables as to what determines our interest income that will be kind of the yields on purchase, which would detain you treasury in 100 basis points year-to-date, that's really seeing some pressure on that front.  On the other hand, and I've mentioned in the prior calls, bonds that we have lost through maturities or calls, those yields were very high, it was about a lot of corporate bonds 10-year not a call paper during and in the aftermath of the financial crisis. So we've been bleeding fairly good out the back door on yields lost, that seems to be abating now. The worst of that, we feel confident is over. So if we can get the 10-year treasury, for example, up to, let's say, the 2.5% to 3% range. We think we can get some traction on interest income growth. So we -- again, we typically will choose the point on the yield curve that's got those risk-adjusted, tax adjusted yields and kind of go with that. So and short answer is, we're not really doing anything much different.
Mark Dwelle: Okay. That's helpful there. And the same question, and it's probably too soon to have any particular. But obviously, the devastating tornadoes in Dallas, that's traditionally been a big market for you. Is that a lost event that you would expect to have for some fairly substantial exposure to?
Steven Johnston: This is Steve, and it is too early to really comment on that. We've obviously seen that, we're getting our claims people on the ground but don't really have specifics for you at this point in time.
Operator: . And your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: I was wondering if we could get a breakdown of the accident year '18 reserve leases by line of business.
Steven Johnston: Yes. We have that, and Mike is pulling it up.
Michael Sewell: Accident year '18?
Steven Johnston: '18.
Michael Sewell: Yes. So on a year-to-date basis, is what you asked for, Meyer?
Meyer Shields: Yes. Whatever's in it or third quarter?
Michael Sewell: Yes. So for the reserve development for 2018. So if we can drill down on any of these. So for commercial lines, it was 4.7%; personal lines, 1.6%; Cincinnati Re, we actually had -- that was 3.7%; and for the surplus lines, 12.6%. So overall, it was a 3.4%.
Steven Johnston: And those are all percents.
Michael Sewell: Those are all percents. That's exactly right. And it was -- when I said the 1.6% for personal lines that was strengthening there.
Steven Johnston: So just in total in terms of dollars, Meyer, it was $68 million for the whole thing.
Michael Sewell: For the whole thing.
Meyer Shields: Right. Understood. Okay, yes we can top that I think. Two other quick questions. When I look at workers composition lines. And I'm asking that in the light of your comments about recognizing worsening trends a few years ago in casualty. Are you seeing something in workers compensation that's for that the year-over-year higher loss pick or is this just anticipating that favorable trends may not continue?
Steven Johnston: I think it's the latter there. You just -- with the longtail line like that, it pays to be prudent with your picks and just a small movement in medical inflation can turn that number in a big way. So difficult with our prudent approach, we don't want to get too aggressive there.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's helpful. And the finally, so you mentioned that the E&S book is predominantly casualty. I'm wondering is that by design, do you want less property because I would've thought the submission flow would have increased there earlier than casualty.
Steven Johnston: Yes. It's been by design, Meyer, on the casualty side. And just to give you a little flavor of what the book looks like, it's -- our average premium size for the general liability on E&S is just a little over $6,000. So certainly on the small end, our limits profile there, 80% of our limits are $3 million or less. So kind of gives you a feel for that too. The other thing that I would add there is about -- it's between 40% and 50% of the time when we write an E&S, say casualty line, Cincinnati Insurance company is picking up the other lines of business on the admitted side. So it might be a manufacturing concern as an example that has a really tough product liability exposure where our E&S company can underwrite it term, condition and price it appropriately, and then Cincinnati Insurance will write the property, will write the premises liability, the auto workers compensation. So that happens 40% to 50% of the time. So that's driving us more towards casualty as well.
Operator: . And I'm showing that there are no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Johnston.
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Katherine. Well done, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our fourth quarter call. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-31 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, my name is Natalia and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. . Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. You may begin sir.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello, this is Dennis McDaniel at Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for the second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our -- quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the Quarterly Results link in the navigation menu on the far left.
Steve Johnston: Good morning and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our second quarter results. Operating performance was very good, particularly given challenging spring weather including storms affecting the Dayton, Ohio area with insured losses that exceeded the $100 million retention level of our property catastrophe reinsurance treaty. We believe our steadily improving results reflect our proven strategy and careful execution, as we continue efforts to grow profitably over the long term. Net income for the second quarter of 2019, nearly doubled the amount of a year ago. Changes in the fair value of equity securities held at June 30th, produced most of the increase. Non-GAAP operating income was up 5% and is up 23% for the first half of the year. Our 96.5% second quarter 2019 Property Casualty combined ratio was 0.7 percentage points better than a year ago. Without the effects of natural catastrophes, it was 3.6 points better. Our results benefited from efforts to diversify risks by product line and geography in the recent years. That, along with various improvements over time and how we underwrite property risks, helps reduce adverse effects of catastrophic weather events in the Midwest that have tended to impact our second quarter results. A major reason for our confidence and improved underwriting performance is progress in segmenting our business, retaining more profitable accounts, and getting better pricing on the less profitable business, while walking away from opportunities when we judge profit margins to be too thin.
Mike Sewell: Great, thank you, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Our investment income continue to climb up 4% for the second quarter of 2019. Dividends from our equity portfolio rose 14%, as dividend rates have increased for many of our holdings. Net purchases of stocks during the second quarter totaled $75 million. Interest income from our bond portfolio was down slightly, decreasing just under 1%. The pre-tax average yield was 4.12% for the second quarter, down 16 basis points from the second quarter a year ago. Steady investment in bonds again occurred during the quarter as we made $69 million in net purchases. Although the average pre-tax yield for the total of purchased taxable and tax exempt bonds was a little lower than in recent quarters. For the first six months of 2019, there was 6 basis points higher than the same period in 2018, and within 2 basis points of the full year 2018 purchases. Investment portfolio valuation changes for the second quarter of 2019 were favorable, both for our stock and bond portfolios. The overall net gain was $564 million before tax effects that included $366 million for our equity portfolio and $199 million for our bond portfolio. We ended the quarter with net appreciate value of more than $4 billion including nearly $0.5 billion in our bond portfolio. Strong cash flow again contributed to investment income growth. Cash flow from operating activities generated $476 million for the first six months of 2019, up $12 million even after paying $57 million more this year in catastrophe losses. Regarding expense management, we watch our spending carefully as we make strategic business investments. The second quarter 2019 property casualty underwriting expense ratio was 0.4 percentage points higher than last year's second quarter. But matched the full year 2018 period and was within a 10th of a percentage point of the average a full years 2016 through 2018. Moving next to reserves, we apply a consistent approach as we continue to aim for net amounts in the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of net loss and loss expense reserves. During the second quarter of 2019, we again experienced a healthy amount of property casualty net favorable development on prior accident years. Favorable reserve development for the quarter benefit our combined ratio by 6.4 percentage points. Of two longer-tailed lines, commercial casualty and workers compensation, represented nearly 2/3 of the property casualty total. Other than homeowner, each of our major lines of business experienced favorable reserve development during the first half of this year. On an all lines basis by accident year that included 29% accident year 2018%, 26% for accident year 2017% and 40% for 2016 and prior accident years.
Steve Johnston: Thanks, Mike. The second quarter is often a challenging one, yet we are satisfied with our overall results. The storms that crisscrossed our nation over the past few months gave our independent agents and our claims associates who work with them a chance to shine. In August, our field associates from across the country will come together in Cincinnati to celebrate the progress we are making to attend educational opportunities in the plan for the future. It's a great opportunity to reinforce our Cincinnati advantages into learn from our associates about the opportunities they are seeing firsthand. Our strong performance for the first half of the year bodes well for the future. As always, we remain focused on execution of our proven strategy, seeking profitable growth for the benefit of all stakeholders, and creating shareholder value over time. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Marty Mullen, Martin Hollenbeck, and Theresa Hopper. Natalia, please open the call for questions.
Operator:  Your first question is from the line of Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse.
Mike Zaremski: Hi, good morning. My first question is regarding the catastrophe levels this quarter. I know it depends when you, when I -- the long-term average cat load, I believe, for 2Q was higher than what you experienced this quarter. I know it depends when I start my start the average calculation, what year I start. I know that's changed since then, you have grown into different segments and states and you have a new treaty. So I'm trying to understand whether this quarter's cat load was materially above your kind of base case normal expectations, if you can opine?
Mike Sewell: Yes, this is Mike Sewell, and that's a great question, Mike. And actually if I think about the second quarter cats that we had, so it was 10 points for this year. When we think about cat loads and we do look at averages, and that average actually was right in there between a 5- and 10-year average. So, a five-year average for us was right at 10 points, if you gauge as of 12/31/18. So we actually we're right on top of it. We were actually a little bit lower if you go and look at a 10-year average, but included in the 10-year average -- remember back at 2011, where we had our two largest cats, back to back. So we were actually right, kind of right in the middle on this one.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. I'll check my math then, and I think I probably added more cat load for the reinsurance division. So then this would kind of be kind of within your normal expectations, was, is my take away?
Mike Sewell: I would say so, yes.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. In terms of the commercial pricing environment, it sounded like in the press release that pricing is -- there hasn't been much momentum quarter-over-quarter. I think some peers have shown I think a good deal of momentum. Specifically Travelers showed over a point of momentum in their book quarter-over-quarter. Any color or thoughts there?
Steve Spray: Yes, Mike, this is Steve Spray. You're right. Second quarter, just from our major lines of business, what we're experiencing is in commercial auto, we're still in the high single-digit range, commercial property mid-single digits, casualty low single-digit, and workers compensation is down mid-single. Just as a reminder, I think we talked or I commented on this on the last quarter as well. I don't think the averages really tell the complete story for the way we're trying to execute with our agents, both on new business and on renewals. As an example, while we remain consistently in that high-single digit range on the commercial auto, we're really focused on executing on segmentation. So a portion of our book, the analytics that we have that would indicate that we have less of an opportune chance for profit, or at least adequately priced business, another way to put it, we are getting increases far in excess of our average. And then on the business that we see that is most adequately priced, we're working with our agents to really focus on the retention there. And that will impact the average, but it also, if you think about it, it's improving our mix. And we don't just do that in commercial auto, we take that across all major lines of business and commercial lines, new and renewal. Now to comment, I think I'd like to add a little extra color too, because we are seeing in the marketplace, a pronounced firming, hardening -- how you'd like to put it. And it's focused in some specific areas and commercial lines. As an example habitational risks, so apartments, condos, anything coastal, large property schedules or large property risks -- we're seeing an additional firming in that. Commercial auto, of course, we're seeing that there. Commercial auto would be the area that we would track with the industry. Those other areas, we certainly have larger property risks, larger property schedules. We have some tougher casualty, we have a little coastal as well. But on a relative basis, not to the rest of the industry. So I think that's what's driving some of the muting of what you're seeing there as well. Does that make sense?
Mike Zaremski: Yes, that's good color. As a follow-up to you, and then some of your peers have talked over the years about being more precise in determining which accounts need more or less rate. I'm just curious, at a high level, is this, are these tools you're using to determine this, are they proprietary to Cincinnati Financial? Are they, is it a change in the last couple of years versus the prior decade? Or is this kind of off-the-shelf software that most of your competitors are using too?
Mike Sewell: No, I would say it's proprietary to Cincinnati Insurance. Others obviously use predictive analytics and tools as well, and theirs would be proprietary to them. We implemented this from on the workers compensation front about 9 or 10 years ago, and then our package lines, our major package lines -- auto, GL, property, and work comp -- property followed right after the workers compensation. I just think we are continuing to execute better and better on the segmentation across all those lines, Mike, and just really focused on it. Our underwriting teams are doing an excellent job working with our agents and it's picked up steam over the last couple of years. And I think that's -- well, I'm confident that's what we're seeing in the results.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, great. Maybe a piece of that is your field underwriters have gotten more comfortable using the analytics? I don't know if you have a thought about that.
Mike Sewell: Yes, that's a great follow up. Absolutely, the analytics, we use the tools both on new business and on renewals. And I would say that both our HQ renewal underwriters and our field sales underwriters, it took time to evolve on this, get more comfortable, communicate with the agents, work with the agents. I think we're, our underwriting teams are doing a great job of getting out in front early and often and communicating with the agents on those risks, where we think we need to take maybe the most drastic action. So yes, I feel really good about that. And we can see any the analytics too, that our new business pricing has continued to improve and its continued to improve this year as well.
Mike Zaremski: Okay and great. One last question, also then, probably for Mike. Did you say in the prepared remarks that the gap between the new money investment yield and your portfolio yield, or whatever is expiring in the portfolio, is 2 basis points?
Mike Sewell: Yes. Yes, that's right. And let me have Marty maybe give a little bit more detail on that.
Marty Mullen: Yes. Purchases of about $419 million, book yield purchase was 427. That's about, call it 3 basis points less than the prior quarter and embedded book value, so very slight.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. So then if it seems like you guys have less -- if that's on the go-forward basis, it doesn't seem like you guys have much of a drag, whereas some peers have a bigger gap.
Marty Mullen: I wouldn't quite glad for. We do have a drag in that, we've got a number of corporate bonds purchased 10 years ago in the aftermath of the financial crisis at very generous credit spreads and for the last year and a half or so we've been experiencing those leaving us. So that's created some drag. So we're doing our best to counter it, but there is still some drag there.
Mike Zaremski: Thanks for the insights.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill.
Paul Newsome: Good morning. Congrats on the quarter. My, I was looking at the paid losses relative to incurred. It looks like they've risen significantly in both the commercial lines and personal lines this year and I was wondering if you could kind of reconcile what's underneath that, too. I mean, it looks like paid losses are pretty flat. But the incurred is down, what do you think is going on with that?
Steve Spray: This is Steve, I'll jump in. I think there is a very steady approach to setting the reserves. And I think if we look at the half year, and its total, the paid to incurred look pretty reasonable. I think we've added about 2.4 loss ratio points to the first half in terms of IBNR additions. And I think one thing to consider is that we're coming out of a period that had relatively higher catastrophe losses. We're looking at this paid to incurred on kind of a calendar year basis. And so we could have the emergence of claims that are being paid and also some take down in reserves is showing up in the favorable development column. And so I think the deeper that we dig into it, and the confidence we have in our consistent approach to setting the reserves, gives us great confidence to the point on the cat payments. They were $57 million more so far this year than they were for the first half a year ago. So I think that has some explanation there.
Paul Newsome: Great. Given the environment with pricing sort of outside the core business being a little bit more attractive, have you thought about putting more capital than you had previously thought into the reinsurance in and the voids business?
Steve Johnston: We are pleased with the way both of those are performing. I think one thing that we've done that was -- the way to do it, on the Cincinnati Re was to not establish a separate company there. Basically it's a part of Cincinnati Insurance and it puts us in a position to just not have pressure to grow into a capital base, to maybe be incentive to take a little bit more risk to provide a return on the capital amount has been allocated. To that point, we have a very small but talented group. I think there's about 20 in the Cincinnati Re that are performing I think at a high level in there. It puts them in a position where they can just, on a risk-adjusted basis look policy-by-policy. It's not at all top-down dictated, it's very much our people getting more and more opportunities. As we see in the marketplace, Cincinnati Re is just developing a reputation, getting a lot more looks, maintaining their underwriting discipline, and we can be very selective in the risks that we entertain and the contracts that we entertain. In terms of Cincinnati Global, our Lloyd's subsidiary, again, very happy with the way they're started. They're a talented group that's been profitable 20 out of the last 24 years. We think we have sufficient capital there to execute on the business plans that they have submitted and received approval for. And we will keep a close eye on that. So in this instance, I don't want to show any lack of confidence in either by not saying we're going to pour more capital to it, but we think we have adequate capital in both places and we think that both are executing at a high level.
Paul Newsome: Great. thanks. Congrats on the quarter again.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Josh Shanker with the Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker: Yes, good morning everybody. I don't know I'm connected, hello?
Dennis McDaniel: Yes, good morning Josh, can you hear?
Josh Shanker: Good , good. Got it. And I'm glad you are there. I just wanted to hear, I mean the workers' comp reserve releases continue to be quite excellent and I expect that they will be in the future for the industry. I was hoping you could give us some color on what years you're seeing excellent reserve releasing trends in the workers' comp book, and whether you've touched upon the recent years at all?
Mike Sewell: Yes. Josh, this is Mike. And so for the year-to-date on the workers' comp, we had $42 million and favorable development. So thinking about that and looking at our details, it's actually kind of spread throughout, evenly throughout the year. So for accident year 2018, it was $6 million, accident year '17 it was $9 million, accident year '16 it was $9 million, and then for accident years 2015 and prior it's $18 million. So it's that kind of evenly throughout the most recent accident years.
Josh Shanker: And in terms of your forward writings, to what extent are is the pricing that you guys are putting to place a function of regulatory requirement? To what extent are you taking those profitabilities yourself and saying that you can offer better prices to your customers?
Steve Spray: Yes, I think -- Josh, this is Steve Spray. It's hard to ignore the base rate declines that are coming through from the very state rating bureaus, and that's putting pressure on the accident year results for sure. But we've seen the loss trends be benign. We're an open market for work comp. I couldn't, we couldn't be more pleased with the way we're managing work comp. I mean underwriting, risk selection, pricing, loss control claims -- everybody hitting on all cylinders there. So we're open for business, but that line can be volatile, it can be variable as everybody knows. So we're just watching that closely and want to and want to grow it. But as we are seeing these base rate declines come through, again, we're using the tools that we have, both the art in the science of it, and we're trying to mitigate those base rate reductions running through our book as much as possible.
Josh Shanker: Terrific, and one more if I can. I'm wondering if you could give any color -- I know obviously you give great detail. On the personal lines and net premium growth rate, is there any way to segregate your traditional business growth rate from your high-net-worth homeowners' growth rate? And if you can talk about a few geographies where you found recent success in the high-net-worth homeowners' business outside the, I guess the New York Metro area, I'd love to hear about it.
Steve Spray: Yes. Our high net worth, we are really pleased with the progress there and that just continues month after month. Our high-net-worth is growing. It's obviously on the coast is the main areas where that business is, and where it's going, but we're seeing growth across our entire agency footprint. I would tell you our middle market business, the growth there has been under maybe more pressure than the high-net-worth, because of necessary rate actions we're taking. That's put pressure on the new business as well. But we think it's appropriate, we need it. We're targeting it by state, and some of our larger states need the most action -- Michigan, Kentucky, Georgia are three states to, just to name three of the larger ones that we're taking very aggressive rate action, it's needed. It's prudent, but it's putting pressure on both the new business retentions and written premium in, on the whole book.
Josh Shanker: Would it be wrong to say that high-net-worth homeowner policy count growth continues to be in the healthy double digits for you?
Steve Spray: Yes.
Josh Shanker: That'd be correct. Would be wrong to say, is that correct?
Steve Johnston: That would be correct.
Josh Shanker: Yes. Okay, thank you.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Josh.
Operator:  Your next question is from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: Good morning. I was wondering if what lines are driving the reinsurance growth?
Steve Spray: The reinsurance growth would be Cincinnati Re.
Meyer Shields: Well, specifically like what, I guess, types of business are you?
Steve Spray: Yes, it is -- when you look at it on a very ground-up basis, it is about, I think for the year, 42% property right now. Let me check that number, it's 40% property. Year-to-date, the rest would be in our casualty and specialty. That is varied over time, but as we go through various times of the year and we're getting a lot of great looks at some of the property business here in the second quarter, we were a little bit higher on the property this quarter. But if we look inception-to-date, it's a very balanced portfolio of 35% in property, the other 65% in the casualty in specialty buckets. So again, very much a ground up contract-by-contract emphasis on where we grow.
Meyer Shields: Thank you. I appreciate that. On the Lloyd's, can you just give a little color on what you're seeing in the pricing and market environments there? I think we are there was one insurer who just recently mentioned. They're seeing some E&S business bouncing from Lloyd's back into the US CNS market, and are you seeing that as well?
Steve Spray: It has been a firming market. I would say it's been a firming market both in what we see with our CSU in terms of excess and surplus lines. Also what we're seeing in the Lloyd's market is firming that is welcome. We're seeing it from some of the bigger carriers in the United States as well in terms of firming. So I think it's just overall, especially given the experience over the last couple of years, it's definitely been a firming market and we're seeing it in our Cincinnati Global underwriters and Lloyd's as well.
Meyer Shields: I appreciate the tie up, thanks.
Operator: We have a follow-up from the line of Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, thanks. One follow-up on, on the high-net-worth space. Just curious, do you feel, do you have any sense of whether the high-net-worth marketplace is growing or whether you're mostly taking share? And also, do you have a sense of whether your pricing is similar to that of peers, or are you kind of taking share because of its less price sensitive and more of the relationships with the agents, if that makes sense?
Steve Johnston: Yes, I'll take the first. This is Steve Johnson, I'll take the first quick shot at it and turn it over to Steve Spray. But we're seeing both growth from -- in both areas. And I think not only from what you would think of as the traditional high-net-worth carriers, but also much of the business is also written from just standard carriers that the clients have been with for many years and I think they see the value that we bring in terms of upgrading coverage and expertise in handling the higher-net-worth policies. So I think a lot of the growth can come from that area, both the traditional and the non-traditional.
Steve Spray: Yes, I would, I would just add, Mike as well that as far as the pricing goes, we feel like we have an excellent value there with the agents, and we feel like our pricing is in there with the marketplace. It's more of a value play for us, and the claim service that we bring, the broad coverage from that we have, the services that we provide. We've just been received. Our strategy and our model has been received really well by all of our agencies.
Mike Zaremski: Yes, thanks again.
Dennis McDaniel: Thanks, Mike.
Operator:  Your next question is from the line of Amit Kumar with Buckingham Research.
Amit Kumar: Hi, thanks and good morning. Maybe just a couple of quick follow-ups. So, the first is on the commercial auto discussion. I was looking at the supplement. The current AYLRs look to be trending in the right direction. Can you just refresh us on that discussion because your numbers are getting better, however, Travelers had more noise in this quarter. So I'm trying to figure out what exactly is going on in the book?
Steve Spray: I mean, this is Steve Spray again. Yes, every quarter that goes by, we get even more confident that we were out ahead of this commercial auto, the trends that we've seen. For us, it's severity. I think it's severity for the industry. Our frequency has been good and trending even more positively. The macro things in the marketplace, so those macro effects, haven't gone away. Those will be examples of just distracted driving. We have an improving economy, there is increased miles being driven. Employers are having difficulty hiring qualified drivers to put behind the wheel, and then I think we all can see that the construction that goes on in the infrastructure of the highway system. So all that's leading to the severity. But I think we -- again, we were out ahead of this. We've worked with our agents, starting back probably about 2 years ago, maybe a little longer than that, of really focusing on segmenting the book. And we've got the pricing in a good spot. We still have room for improvement. There is still a runway there. The market's going to allow us to continue to improve, but we feel really good about where we are with commercial auto right now. And a matter of fact, are looking for opportunities inside our agencies as this market is firming. We think we can help our agents write some new business, well underwritten and at more adequate prices than we've seen in the past several years.
Amit Kumar: You know, related to that answer, we've been reading more and more about the oversupply of I guess big rigs, falling freight rates et cetera. How does that factor in your book? I know you talked about the driver issue and the overall economy, but how does that oversupply of big rigs and freight rates impact your book?
Steve Spray: Yes, I don't think it -- it doesn't really apply to us. I mean, not that we don't have some of that business with our agencies, but we've just -- we've never been a big transportation market for long haul trucking and such. But I can -- that kind of goes to the question earlier, too. That market, when we do see those risk presented to us, you can understand why that market is as firm or as hard as it is, that segment of the market.
Amit Kumar: Yes, fair point. It's been a challenge for a long time. The other question I had was the discussion on the child victims exposure and I don't recall you mentioning in the opening remarks. Can you remind us what exposure you may or may not have to those claims?
Dennis McDaniel: I assume you're talking about New York and some of the things we've seen here with the diocese and so forth. Marty Mullen may want to chime in here a little bit on that.
Marty Mullen: Sure. Thank you, Amit. This is Marty Mullen. That really won't be a very big factor for us with Cincinnati and in New York as we wrote little very little of that back in, 20 or 25 years ago in New York, which I think you're referring to the statute of limitation change for these claims. We really weren't in New York at that time, back -- I think this mainly pertains to '80s and mid-'90s. So our exposure as a result of those change in the statutes should have very little impact on us.
Amit Kumar: Got it. And then the only final question is, maybe a broader question, is the discussion on social inflation and in jury awards and sort of plaintiff awards have been climbing a bit. Any thoughts on that and your thought process changed, let's say, over the past few quarters?
Marty Mullen: This is Marty, again. And that's not the -- in our experience, it's a jurisdictional issue and it's very specific to the type of claim, the type of defendants that you might have, and the actual details of the incident. And our experienced claim staff that's been with Cincinnati -- we promote from within, so we have what we feel a culture within Cincinnati, to just recognize those types of situations, where severity may play and an impact in certain jurisdictions over another. And it certainly is impacting the industry, you just have to take it a case-by-case basis and be aware of the potentials for an adverse verdict.
Amit Kumar: Got it. That's very helpful. I'll stop here. Thanks for the answers, and good luck for the future.
Operator: Your final question is from the line of Fred Nelson .
Unidentified Analyst: So number one, I want to tell you, to thank all of you for what you've done, because through ownership of your company I've changed people's lives and allowed them to do things they never dreamed of. You never hear much about that in our society, but I do, and I want to say thank you for what you've done. A couple of questions now, the taxes on the dividend income and equities, could you tell me how it's done now? Is there a certain percentage that's free and a certain percentage that's taxed at 21%?
Steve Johnston: Fred, I'll start out, this is Steve Johnston. I'll turn it over to Mike Sewell. First off, and I thank you for your initial comments. They're very much appreciated. When we look at the tax rate for the dividends received deduction, as it was changed a bit by the new tax reform and Jobs Creation Act, it really didn't affect the overall tax rate for the dividends because the rate came down, but the parts that could be offset there went up a little bit, and the overall effective tax rate for the dividends that we receive remained really pretty much unchanged. So Mike might have more specifics.
Mike Sewell: Yes, yes, no, it's. Yes, Fred, that was a great, great observation. It really hasn't changed between the different subsidiaries, if you will. So, for the life insurance company, there is no dividends received deduction. So you're still going to have a 21% rate there. So therefore we don't hold any stocks where we get dividend income in the life company. For the property casualty companies, you do get partial dividends received deduction. So our effective tax rate on dividend income there would be about 13%, and then for the non-insurance subsidiaries which would be like the parent company or CFCI, again, we do get dividends received deduction. The effective tax rate there is going to be about 10.5%. So there still are benefits for holding that. There were also a few changes on the tax-exempt interest, but if I think about it in total related to our investment income, whether it's interest income or dividend income, our effective tax yield or effective tax rate would be about 16%. If you add that on top of the non-investment income, so through operations, gains and losses, which will come in at 21, our effective tax rate will probably be in the 17% ,18% range, if you have the same mix. This quarter our effective tax rate was around 19%, a little bit higher, but that's primarily because of the movement of unrealized gains and losses on our equity portfolio and our bond portfolio were so much that kind of skewed a little bit more towards the 21%.
Unidentified Analyst: It used to be, there was a percentage of the dividend income that was exempt from taxes, like 60%, and then that remaining 40% was taxed at 35%. Is that formula kind of still in use, but just a different range and different structure?
Mike Sewell: That's right. And that effective tax rate, when you blend it all out, has stayed pretty much unchanged from before the tax reform of two after it's down just a little bit.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, the other question I have is on your book, defecting book value, your deferred tax liability has increased. Does that reduce your book value?
Mike Sewell: Well, yes, yes. So you've got your -- the reason that's going up is because our unrealized gains on our equity portfolio, if that goes up a $1, then your deferred tax liability in that case is going to go up 21%. That is an offset to the asset that increased. So it, it is offsetting that. And so that's, it's a good thing that that liability is growing, because the asset is growing on the other side.
Unidentified Analyst: It could be $3 a share that's taken off book value. I am just rambling with my math here.
Mike Sewell: Yes, another way of looking at it is we carry on the balance sheet the equities, net of their tax liability. And so as the overall total value goes up, the liability goes up, and as Mike mentioned, it's a good thing because well, looking at it all out it's very positive.
Unidentified Analyst: Well, hey, thanks for making my life. You guys and gals and everybody in your company deserves a pat on the back, because you've been terrific. So I just want to say thanks again.
Mike Sewell: Thank you, Fred. We really appreciate your comments, and your questions were excellent.
Unidentified Analyst: You deserve it.
Mike Sewell: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions, I will turn the call back over to Mr. Johnston for any closing remarks.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Natalia. Thank you for joining us all today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter call. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-25 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Heidi, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session . Thank you. Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer, you may begin your conference.
Dennis McDaniel:
Steve Johnston: Good morning. And thank you for joining us today to hear more about our first quarter results. Operating performance was quite good and we believe it reflects our prudent strategy and careful execution as we seek to continue growing profitably over the long term. Net income for the first quarter of 2019, was up $726 million from a year ago. Changes in the fair value of equity securities still held accounted for $672 million of the increase. Non-GAAP operating income, which we believe is a better indicator of short-term core operating performance also improved significantly up 43%. Our 93.0% property casualty combined ratio was 4.9 percentage points better than the year ago. Slightly worse catastrophe weather effects in 2019 had an unfavorable effect of 1.4 points, while improved underwriting was indicated by several underlying measures. The first quarter again demonstrated experienced management in pricing individual policies, which – with average renewal price increases for each of our property casualty segments. That along with excellent service helped us to again earn more business through our agencies contributing to 10% growth in net written premiums with healthy amounts of new business written premiums.
Mike Sewell:
Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. The first quarter was another good one and we remain optimistic about the future of Cincinnati Financial. Our confidence is enhanced by what we hear from our appointed agencies as we meet with them at our annual sales meetings around the country. They are enthusiastic about their business and how we partner with them to serve their clients for our mutual success. We'll continue to focus on execution of our proven strategy, seeking profitable growth for the benefit of all stakeholders and creating shareholder value over time. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Ken Stecher, Steve Spray, Marty Mullen, Marty Hollenbeck and Theresa Hoffer. Heidi, would you please open the call for questions?
Operator:  And your first question comes from the line of Michael Zaremski with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Q – Michael Zaremski: Hey good morning. First question, just given it's a lot of carriers you're talking about some rate hardening. It seems to be more on the large commercial size of the market. Maybe you can comment whether you guys are seeing any meaningful changes in rates. It sounds like you're not. And can you remind me does Cinci, do any of the kind of large -- I don't know if it's Fortune 1000 or how to think about it also, but do you do any of the large account business currently?
A – Steve Spray: Yes Mike. This is Steve Spray. Fortune 1000 that would not be a target for us. We are moving up with expertise and specialization in some larger commercial lines risks and that would be -- we would identify that as in excess of $250,000 in premium just to give you an idea because some national carriers would consider that more middle market.
Q – Michael Zaremski: That's good color. Do you -- as a follow-up, do you think -- do you sense that the industry's trend line in terms of expense inflation is rising as well? And maybe that's part of the impetus of rates moving north?
Steve Johnston: This is Steve. I think that we still see the loss cost inflation very much manageable by the rate that we are taking. And as Steve mentioned, looking at it risk-by-risk policy-by-policy and as we look at our loss cost trends versus where we see our premium trends, we're still comfortable as we've mentioned in the past in terms of our position.
Q – Michael Zaremski: Okay, great. My next question was on personal lines and this might be a long-winded question or more complex answer, but I'm just trying to understand how to better think about the growth dynamics. So I believe pricing -- you guys have been pushing pricing in the middle -- mid-single digit if not higher levels recently. But the top line's growing by 4%, which is less than pricing, which kind of implies that maybe you're -- on an organic basis, you're shrinking a little bit.
Steve Spray: Yes. Great question, Mike. This is Steve Spray, again. And you're absolutely right. We are, for our personal lines segment, all in. We are seeing high single-digit rate increases. The homeowner right now is still in the mid-single digit, but we expect it to continue to tick up and auto is in the -- on the high end of the high single-digit range. As far as the growth, personal lines is rightfully so, under a little bit of pressure to the written premium growth. They are taking prudent deliberate underwriting action, both underwriting and pricing action across the country and really focusing on some specific states that need maybe a little stronger action than others. Michigan would be an example. Indiana, Kentucky, Georgia, those are just four that come to mind, where they're really taking strong underwriting and rate action. And it is putting -- those are larger states for us, and it's putting some pressure on the growth as well. But we continue to write new business. As you can see, we do continue to appoint new agencies. A lot of those do tend to have a high net worth focus on the personal lines only. But they're committed to the middle market and getting it profitable as well. 
Q – Michael Zaremski: Okay. And then -- and in terms of the high net worth, can you remind us how large that book of business is currently? And also just remind us how you define high net worth?
Steve Spray: Yes. So first of all high net worth is for us is defined as the Coverage A, so the home value Coverage A replacement cost in excess of $1 million. And right now it's about 25% of our overall personal lines book.
Q – Michael Zaremski: Okay. Thank you very much.
Steve Spray: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
Paul Newsome: I wanted to see if you could give us a little bit more color on the reserve releases in the quarter in particular the change in the commercial-casualty piece that seemed -- it seemed a little bit bigger perhaps than we've seen in the past. And although I realize the fourth quarter tends to be a quarter with a decent amount of reserve releases in general. But is there something there that changed? Is it case -- I mean, or anything that you can give me that just sort of tells me kind of what happened there with the reserve release?
Mike Sewell: Hey, Paul. This is Mike. And maybe I'll make a few comments, and then if Steve wants to jump in with anything more he can. So the -- for the commercial casualty, yes, it was about $31 million. So it was approaching half of the total favorable development for the quarter. If I think about it and looking at it from the accident years, it was kind of spread across. There was about $9 million from accident year 2018; $8 million accident year 2017; $1 million 2016; and then $13 million favorable development for the prior years to 2016. Generally speaking, as you know, and I've said on these calls before, we build a consistent approach in what we do and setting the reserves. We've got the same actuarial folks, who are setting those reserves, so we haven't had any changeover in that area. We don't know how paid losses will actually occur. We're watching that come in quarter-to-quarter plus other factors that the actuarial folks will think of. So paid loss -- or paid losses, cost trends have been improving, if you look back at footnote 4 from our 10-K. Even in the first quarter, our case incurred has improved. So in the supplement that we also put out on page 10, it gives kind of a -- little bit of a preview there, but you'll see our case incurred is down about 20% versus the average per quarter for 2018. So at this point, let's see how the reserves develop, and we're going to follow our actuaries' consistent process in setting reserves.
Paul Newsome: That's great. And completely different topic. So you've got Lloyd's operation, the reinsurance business, the EMS business continues to grow nicely. How has that changed or potentially changes your reinsurance use? To me like -- I was thinking that -- as I was looking at results today, the makeup's changing a fair amount even with high-net-worth business right in the personal lines bigger limits and such? Does that mean you might look at reinsurance usage differently in the future?
Steve Johnston: Paul, this is Steve. Excellent question. We have thought about that a good bit. And as we did a year ago July 1st actually put in, buy a new contract. Part of that contract specific to the reinsurance was a clash cover that we wanted to have where there might be losses to both traditional Cincinnati Insurance and Cincinnati Re. And basically, even though we disclosed everything, I didn't want the market to be surprised by thinking that we had this clash cover in place when we didn't. Through the modeling, through working on being cognizant of not writing reinsurance where we are exposed on the primary side, we think that the lack of correlation there works in our favor. But just the same, we wanted to get some clash cover. So the Section A of the contract that we bought last July 1st provided $50 million of coverage excess of $125 million, where we might have a loss that would come in from both parties. And that would be one instance where we've looked at reinsurance differently and we'll continue to look at the growth. We have a very vigorous risk management area that does a lot of modeling, and gives us insights into where we could have exposure that might need additional cover.
Paul Newsome: Would that clash cover also cover the Lloyd's operations prospectively or not? Just curious.
Steve Johnston: No, not at this point.
Paul Newsome: Okay. Congrats on the quarter. Thanks guys.
Steven Johnston: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Josh Shanker: Yeah, thank you for answering my question. I was looking at the premium volume in the personal auto section and saw it flat which hasn't been flat since 2011, I guess. And you're taking a lot of rate, I guess and losing some customers. But I assume you're keeping their homeowners with you? Or can you talk about the -- how the bundle fell? And whether there's a movement for customers to unbundle and seek a different carrier for their auto as time progresses with higher pricing?
Steve Spray: Hi, Josh. Steve Spray, again. Thanks for the question. Yes unbundling we're not -- we watched that. We're not seeing that. It's an excellent question. We're a package writer. We are looking to write package business. What you're seeing with our auto is again what I had mentioned earlier it's just taking appropriate underwriting and rate action. And like I said earlier high single-digit rate increases on auto have put pressure on the growth there. So the retention on our auto is a tick below what our homeowner is and it's even more so in those specific states that I mentioned. And I'd say ground zero for us quite frankly is Michigan with that. Now one other thing to think about, as we continue to write more high net worth and change the mix of our business, high net worth homeowner -- excuse me, high net worth packages, typically have a lower auto premium as a total percentage of the package versus middle market. So that's showing up there a little bit as well.
Josh Shanker: Sorry, I don't mean to put words in you mouth. But if I look at -- I think you said that pricing was up high single-digits and the auto is flat which says to me that policy count is down. I mean it might not be exact but somewhere between 5% and 10% I would think. Are you losing 5% to 10% of the homeowners policies as well or a tick below that? Is it -- am I reading that correctly? Or how should I think about what happens to that package as you lose the auto?
Steve Spray: I think it varies account-by-account and situation-by-situation, Josh. We may have auto that is distressed. That would go to another market and we would keep the homeowner or the entire package might go.
Steve Johnston: And Josh, this is Steve Johnston. Just as I heard you kind of I think restate what Steve said. I just want to make sure to clarify. The rate increases we're getting on the auto personal auto side is in the high single-digit.
Josh Shanker: Yes. That's -- I think that was clear. Thank you. So, I guess -- yes go ahead.
Steve Johnston: And just one more little bit of information is that about 84% of our personal lines accounts are on a package basis.
Josh Shanker: Okay. And in terms of the -- I guess the policies that you're losing they tend to be more or less on the high-net-worth side or are they on the I guess the more mainstream part of the portfolio?
Steve Spray: It would -- Josh it would be more on the middle-market portion of our business.
Josh Shanker: Okay. Thank you very much for the answers and great quarter.
Steve Johnston: Thank you. 
Steve Spray: Thank you, Josh.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Dwelle with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mark Dwelle: Yeah. Good morning. Some of my stuff's already been answered. But with respect to the -- just since it's new can you break apart within the other segment what portion of that was the right -- the previous reinsurance business as compared to how much was new premium from MSP?
Mike Sewell: Yes. Mark, this is Mike Sewell. And so if you think about the other section that is a part of the -- that was in the press release and I believe it was about -- hold on here.
Mark Dwelle: $105 million of written premiums was in the other...
Mike Sewell: Yes. It was about for the -- what have we got here, it was about $40 million of earned premium was related to Cinci Re for the quarter and $10 million of earned was for MSP underwriters.
Mark Dwelle: And what about on a written basis? Is that would that same ratio apply?
Mike Sewell: It's probably going to be fairly close. Although for the Cinci Re business what they wrote for the quarter was they had $84 million, is what they wrote for the quarter and it was $20 million written for MSP.
Mark Dwelle: Okay. That's helpful. And then the last question that I had related to that I guess was -- I mean, we know that Cincinnati Re business has a certain amount of seasonal variation to it. Is the MSP similarly seasonal? I know it's a lot of property or is it more steady throughout the year?
Mike Sewell: Yeah. It's going to be also a little bit seasonal. Some of their policies will be kind of like when you think about revenue recognition that will be recognized over straight line over the year. But they are -- they've got a lot of more seasonality related to wind. And so as we watch the earnings pattern over that, you'll probably tend to see more of their earned premiums occurring later in the year and it will not be as consistent as you see the rest of our business.
Mark Dwelle: Okay.
Steve Johnston: And I might just tag on there and it's a little bit of a follow-up to the reinsurance buying question and that as we've modeled while we don't have additional reinsurance for Beaufort at this point we have been significant modeling in this place and it's our 10-K, page 34 if you want to read more about it. But for a single hurricane at the one and 250 level, we estimated Beaufort would add about $55 million in terms of after-tax after-reinsurance estimated loss. So that's about one loss ratio point. So we will continue to look at that seasonality as you asked and are definitely doing a good job of managing the risk there.
Mark Dwelle: Okay. That's helpful. And the other question I wanted to ask about was really just within your workers' comp book. I know that -- I mean you indicated that that area that remains a line of business that is not seeing much rate in fact probably still some declines. But what are -- how are the loss trends holding out there? I know they've been favorable for quite some time. Have you begun to see any shift in that?
Steve Spray: Mark, Steve Spray. Yeah, our rate is still under pressure there. And I think it is for the industry as well as in Cinci continues to decrease base rates. We're down mid-single digits year-over-year on written -- or excuse me on our net rates. We are still feeling very good about the underwriting and the pricing of that book. The analytics tools we use show that we are still priced very adequately. The segmentation looks really good. But there's no doubt that the accident year quarter has deteriorated over first quarter of 2018, and I think that those accident year results will continue to be under pressure. It's just simple math. We are still managing I think I mentioned it last quarter. We're managing workers compensation so well out of our claims area and our loss control underwriting and pricing and just feel really good about it. It's just -- it's a competitive environment and we're just going to have to continue to pick our opportunities. I mentioned this last quarter as well, I think one thing that's different about workers' compensation that gives us a little hedge there is that unlike other commercial lines, major coverage lines. If the comp isn't favorable to us whether it be the underwriting, attributes or the pricing, we can typically still write that package and have the agent work with us to get that comp placed somewhere else. So, yeah, we're still -- we still are looking for opportunities. And like I mentioned before, we still want to grow the work comp line but there's no doubt that it's under pressure. I think it's under pressure for the industry.
Mark Dwelle: That’s helpful color. And those are all my questions. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Meyer Shields with KBW. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Hi, great. Thanks, good morning. One follow-up on workers' compensation please. Is the best comparable for the first quarter accident quarter loss ratio? Is that the first quarter of last year or the full year number?
Steve Johnston: Well, I have – Meyer, I have the current accident year before catastrophe losses here and for the first quarter, 78.8. For the same quarter a year ago, 73.1. So that's one quarter. Do those match what you're looking at?
Meyer Shields: They do. But we saw a significantly higher number in the fourth quarter of last year and I'm wondering whether that sort of represented a rebasing of accident year 2018 as a proxy for the rate-driven compression that we're seeing?
Steve Johnston: No. I think we just call them as we saw them and there's going to be some volatility in any line quarter-by-quarter. And to Steve's point, we feel good about our prospects and workers' compensation and Steve and his team are doing a great job of balancing the risk versus rate situation policy-by-policy.
Meyer Shields: Okay. No that's very helpful. Second, really a small ball question I guess. If we take out the tax impact on the realized and unrealized gains, they get an operating income tax rate of about 15.7%. Is there anything unusual in that?
Mike Sewell: No probably not -- near too much. I would say if you're -- when you're looking at your models that you're building out for our investment income, so if you think with the same current mix that we currently have our effective tax rate will probably be approaching 16%. But then really almost everything else is going to be a 21%. So depending on the size of operating income compared to investment income that's going to fluctuate in between there. So maybe if you put in a blended rate of about 17%, 18% effective tax rate, you'll probably get close on a long-term basis. I will probably also say that for MSP their effective tax rate might be just -- might be around 21%. But because of the size of it and the way that will fluctuate, it probably will not have a significant impact on your overall estimate for an effective tax rate.
Meyer Shields: Okay, great. Thank you helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Greenberg with Janney Montgomery. Please go ahead. 
Larry Greenberg: Good morning and thank you. Mike, heard your commentary on reserves and commercial casualty. Just wondering if you could give us a little bit more color on the commercial auto reserves? I mean, it clearly has been a little bit of a problem for you guys and everyone else in the industry. It looks like maybe in the first quarter turn the corner a little bit. Any more color you could provide there?
Mike Sewell: Yes. Let me give you a -- from what I can and then if Steve or someone else would like to chime in. So for the commercial auto that was favorable $11 million for the quarter. If I kind of look out over which accident year was that $10 million was accident year 2018. So a majority, obviously a clear majority is going to be right there with it being a short tail. Accident year 2017 was a favorable $2 million. Accident year 2016 was unfavorable, so we've strengthened there by $2 million. But then accident year 2015 and before it was favorable by $2 million. So it's -- a lot of it is more of the current accident year that we were seeing just looking at that as a page-command case, it's still following that consistent process.
Steve Johnston: Yes, Larry and this is Steve. And I agree with everything Mike said and I do think that a lot of hard work over many months, quarters, years has been put into the line. And it's been a real team effort from claims to underwriting to loss control and do feel that through the consistent process that Mike mentioned we have turned the quarter -- corner after some times when we've had some adverse development there to feel good about the position of the reserves for commercial auto.
Larry Greenberg: Great. Thank you. And then I know the purchase accounting for MSP was probably tiny this quarter, but it probably gets a little bit bigger although still probably insignificant in subsequent quarters when you have it for the full period. But is there any way of quantifying that impact?
Mike Sewell: For right now, it's -- there's probably more detailed analysis. We do have -- we went through a process. First, we had an estimate of what we thought we would pay which was about £102 million that we had disclosed that back in October. And really then when it came to closing which was at the end of February, a lot of those adjustments come with what's the net asset value or the estimated net asset value at that point? And then you add on the implied premium that we were paying for the organization. So, there we -- when we did close, we paid $64 million for the closing. We have paid an extra $35 million in extra funds at Lloyd's. So, that's extra capital. Had Munich put that in before we closed we would have been closer to the £102 million that we originally disclosed. Thinking about once you take that, you revalue your assets and the liabilities assumed, you have to look at the intangibles then that fall out from that goodwill. There's a couple of things I do or at least one item gets written-off. Deferred acquisition costs that comes off, that doesn't continue on so that gets written on. We did have to relook at the deferred tax assets under U.S. GAAP. How much of that can be realized or you set up a valuation allowance against that which we did do. And then you add on the premium. So, when you add all that together, we really -- at least right now, we're estimating that we've got about $82 million of intangibles and goodwill that will be on our books subject to further adjustments that can and will occur over the next quarter or two. If I'm thinking about the goodwill that probably will make up maybe about -- I'm going to say a third of the intangibles and goodwill. We'll have some syndicate capacity distribution relationships the value and force. So, some of those will be amortized, some of those will not be amortized. So, when you don't have deferred acquisition costs being amortized being replaced with a little bit of intangibles, you're going to pick up some benefit there at least during the first four quarters I'll say. That's probably more than you wanted to hear, but it's a very complicated question that accountants love to answer.
Larry Greenberg: Yes, yes. No, I was actually just really kind of focusing on the deck write-off and the benefit you get on the expense ratio from not having to amortize that, but I appreciate all of the commentary.
Mike Sewell: Good.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Kumar with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Amit Kumar: Thanks and good morning. Just a few follow-ups. The first question I have is going back to the reserve releases coming out of the E&S segment, it seemed to have trailed off over the past two quarters. And before that they were running at a meaningfully higher clip. Can you just talk about what is causing that drop-off in reserve releases?
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Amit. This is Steve Johnston. Good question. We have -- and I think we've talked about this in some past calls. But as we start-up any new operation and we look at how to set the reserves without a lot of actual experience for the E&S company, we look to industry, we look to Cincinnati Insurance, which we're generally right similar risks at higher limits, and we use judgment different methodologies. And over time as we gather more actual data for the E&S Company, we start to blend that actual CSU data into the computation and estimation of the reserves. And that is what is driving what you're seeing in terms of we're seeing favorable development for the E&S Company. So, what we're focusing on and I think where you'll see more consistency is in that ex-cat accident year number and combined ratio that's been running in the low to mid-80s that we feel very good about that position and the consistency there and the strong performance of CSU both in growth and profitability. But I hope that explains a little bit about what you're seeing in the change from quarter-to-quarter on the favorable reserve development.
Amit Kumar: Yes, it does. The other question was maybe a bit broader. This goes back to the discussion on pricing in commercial that you talked about low single digit and E&S low single digits. Is that pure pricing? Does that exclude exposure? If you included exposure what would be the number be?
Steve Spray: Yeah. Amit, this is Steve Spray. That number excludes exposure. If you added the exposure in it would probably add about two points to those numbers.
Amit Kumar: Got it. And maybe I can take this offline. I got a sense listening to some of the calls that E&S pricing discussion was a tad higher. I think I heard like a higher single digit number. But maybe I can follow up offline as to why we're getting this sort of wide range of pricing metrics from different companies. Or I don't know if you have any thoughts on that.
Steve Spray: Yeah. Amit, I think we can certainly address that here. I think E&S companies vary on their appetite whether they look at property cat, whether they're in the tougher product liability, construction. It varies by -- from company-to-company. And as an example, almost 90% of the E&S business at our CSU rights is on the casualty side. And it can be tougher business, but it's stable. The pricing has been good for a long time. The underwriting has been solid. And so, I think that's why you would in effect relative to others maybe that has -- may have say a Florida coastal book the rate increases would be muted. But it wouldn't be apples-to-apples either. Does that make sense?
Amit Kumar: Yes, it does. I think that's all I have. Thanks for the answers. And I do want to commend you on your exhaustive letter introduction. That is always helpful in the 10-K. So, I will stop here and good luck for the future.
Steve Johnston: Thank you very much, Amit.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Michael Zaremski : Hey, thanks. One follow-up on the E&S segment given how profitable it is. I was curious if there's something unique about your value proposition or -- and/or maybe distribution that's allowing you to capture business that's so profitable. And maybe along the same lines, if you're willing to talk about who do you feel your competitors to be in that space?
Steve Spray: Mike, Steve Spray calling -- or calling -- answering on this. Thank you very much. Good question. Our value prop for CSU is multifaceted. First and foremost, the time -- at the time when we formed the company non-admitted carrier that takes the risk. We also formed a brokerage, because you have to have a brokerage involved in the E&S business to take care of surplus lines taxes and all the compliance that goes with a non-admitted carrier. So the key with that is that only licensed and appointed contracted agents of Cincinnati Insurance Company have access to our E&S company. We do not go through wholesalers MGAs, MGUs. It's only appointed agents of Cincinnati Insurance Company that in effect have direct access through our brokerage to our E&S company. Another big factor is that I think you might know that our profit sharing we would stack it up against anybody in the industry. We include the premium and losses from our E&S company into the agents' profit-sharing calculations. So, we share in the profitability of that business with them. I'd like to think we can run the E&S operation leaner than what the marketplace does because we don't have so many cogs in the wheel. And so what we do is we return more of that to the agent. We pay 15% commission upfront to the agencies which in many cases might be double what they would get in a traditional E&S placement. I think most importantly beyond the compensation is -- on our E&S company, many E&S risks are well managed, good people in the community. They just happen to be in a tough class of business. And when our agents know that our local claims rep that has a relationship with them that's assigned to the agency is also going to handle the E&S claims that's a big, big deal. Because in many cases those E&S clients in the other markets would be sent out to a third party. That may handle it just fine, but our agents know exactly what they're going to get from our local claims rep. And it gives them a peace of mind. They also have access to all resources of Cincinnati Insurance Company, whether it's loss control, claims, premium audit. We've now introduced about a year ago, 18 months ago direct bill into our E&S, which is unique. That's attractive for our agents and for policyholders as well. So we think again long-winded. We think we've got a really differentiating value proposition in E&S, and think that we are just scratching the surface inside our own agencies today. Our E&S business is approximately $275 million, and we've identified that our agencies that we do business with write about $3.5 billion in the market. So our runway to write more business inside our agencies, as you can see, is really strong.
Michael Zaremski: That's very helpful. Yeah. It sounds like there's some strong competitive advantages there, so best of luck. Thank you very much.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Johnston.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Heidi. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. We hope to see some of you at our Annual Meeting of shareholders on Saturday -- this Saturday, April 27 at the Cincinnati Art Museum. You're also welcome to listen to our webcast of the meeting available at cinfin.com/investors. We look forward to speaking with you again in our second quarter call. Thank you all very much.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-07 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Catherine, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer at Cincinnati Financial. You may begin your conference.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel, and we thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter and full year 2018 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results along with our supplemental financial package, including our year end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our Investor website cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is a quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you will first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer, and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating in the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenback; and Cincinnati Insurance's Executive Vice President, J.F. Scherer; Chief Claims Officer, Marty Mullen; Chief Insurance Officer, Steve Spray; Senior Vice President of Corporate Financial, Teresa Hopper; and Chairman of the Board, Ken Stecher. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore does not reconcile to GAAP. Now I'll turn over the call to Steve
Steve Johnston: Good morning and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our fourth quarter results. Operating results for the fourth quarter of 2018 represent a strong finish despite reporting a net loss of $452 million because of the accounting requirement for changes in the fair value of equity securities. Non-GAAP operating income improved for the quarter and on a full year basis, it was 21% higher than 2017. We are encouraged by our 2018 financial results and continue to be confident in our strategy and in our ability to execute it well. Improved operating performance for the fourth quarter and the full year 2018 again reflected steady efforts to carefully underwriting price policies, provide outstanding claims service, manage investments and support our agencies. Our fourth quarter, 93.9% combined ratio helped lower full year 2018 to 96.4%, 1.1 points better than 2017. Slightly more favorable catastrophe weather effects in 2018 contributed one-tenth of a point while improved underwriting was reflected in various underlying measures. We continue to further segment our renewal and new business opportunities using pricing precision and risk selection decisions that combine data models and underwriter expertise on a policy-by-policy basis. That work is vital to a further improvement of underwriting results. We believe we can successfully balance prudent underwriting and business growth to improve on the 2018 combined ratio before catastrophe effects for a 2019 GAAP combined ratio below 95%. We also believe our 2019 property casualty premium growth rate can be within 1 percentage point of 2018. We recognize that weather and significant changes in industry market conditions that influence insurance policy pricing trends are some variables that will affect the property casualty results we ultimately report. In 2018, we continued to manage our business to healthy levels of policy retention and with average renewal price increases for each of our property casualty segments. Policy retention rates for commercial lines were similar to a year ago continuing near the high end of the mid-80% range. For personal lines, our policy retention during the second half of 2018 declined from recent year levels reflecting increased underwriting discipline and was near the high end of the mid-80% range. Our long-term growth strategy includes appointing agencies in areas where we are underrepresented taking care to preserve relationships with established agencies and the franchise like benefit they value. In 2018, we appointed 167 new independent agencies. Similar to recent years in 2019, we plan to appoint approximately 100 additional agencies that will offer most or all of our property casualty insurance products and another 80 that market only our personal lines products primarily ones with a high net worth focus. We continue to earn new business through our agencies from a combination of superior service and expansion of insurance products for clients of those agencies. For full year 2018, each of our property casualty segments reported record levels of new business written premiums and overall property casualty net written premiums grew 4%. For renewal business in the fourth quarter, our underwriters continued to generate overall price increases. Commercial lines estimated average price increases for the fourth quarter were similar to the third quarter. Combined ratio for our commercial lines segment improved by a full percentage point for the year 2018 to 95.4% despite the ratio for catastrophe losses increasing by eight tens of a point. Our personal lines segment continued to experience a rise in average rate changes as the fourth quarter of 2018 was similar to the third quarter. Personal lines fourth quarter combined ratio was profitable, while it was above 100% for the year 2018 it prove compared with year end 2017, as we continued to work for performance improvement. Our excess and surplus lines segment had another year with excellent results including double digit growth in net written premiums and a 2018 combined ratio below 75%. Cincinnati Re continued to grow as planned, but was adversely affected by catastrophe losses from severe weather and wildfires. It finished the year with a combined ratio of 105.8% which is consistent with our expectations for a year with global insured catastrophe losses roughly twice the long-term historical average. Our life insurance subsidiary again grew term life insurance premiums, its largest product line, with fourth quarter earned premium growth of 13% and full year 2018 growth at 9%. This business supports account retention for our agents and provides steady contributions to our earnings as it has less correlation to weather than our property-casualty business. On January 1st of this year, we again renewed each of our primary and property-casualty treaties that transfer part of our risk to reinsurers. For both our per risk treaties and our property catastrophe treaty, terms and conditions for 2019 are similar to 2018. While we did receive some modest rate reductions, we expect the amount of seasoned premiums for both years to be similar because our direct written premiums subject to those treaties are growing. The full year 2018 value-creation ratio, our primary measure of long-term financial performance, was negative 0.1%. The contribution from operating income was a positive 6.7%. The VCR in total was below our long-term target range due to the decline in securities market value. However, the VCR average for the past five years was within the target range. In conclusion, finishing the year well reflects areas of ongoing operational improvement. Despite the fourth quarter downturn in the stock market, the good performance of our insurance business was a key factor in the recent decision by our Board of Directors to reward shareholders with a 5.7% increase in the regular cash dividend declared earlier this month. Next, our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell will highlight several important points about our financial performance.
Mike Sewell: Great. Thank you, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Investment income growth continued at 3% for the fourth quarter and 2% for the full year 2018 matching the full year 2017 growth rate. Dividends from our equity portfolio, again, led the way, up 9% during the fourth quarter of 2018 and 6% for the year. Interest income from our bond portfolio was flat for the year. The pretax average yield was 4.21% for the fourth quarter of 2018, down 13 basis points from 2017's fourth quarter. We continued to invest in bonds including $347 million in net purchases for the year. Taxable bonds purchased during 2018 had an average pretax yield of 4.48%, 60 basis points higher than we experienced a year ago. Tax-exempt bonds purchased averaged 3.69%, up 40 basis points from a year ago. Despite the higher purchase yields, we continued to experience redemptions of relatively high coupon bonds throughout 2018. Our investment portfolio valuation was volatile for much of 2018 and on a full year basis experienced an overall net loss of $741 million before tax effects. That included $395 million for our equity portfolio and $334 million for our bond portfolio. Even though those losses -- even with those losses, we ended the year with a net appreciated value of nearly $2.6 billion including $46 million in our bond portfolio. Cash flow from operating activities continues to help us grow investment income. Funds generated from net operating cash flows, again, exceeded $1 billion and for full year 2018 exceeded $1 billion and for full year 2018 exceeded the prior year by $129 million, or 12%. I'll briefly comment on expense management always an important part of our focus. While we continue to make thoughtful strategic investments in our business, our full year 2018 property casualty underwriting expense ratio decreased by two tenths of a percentage points compared with the same period of 2017. Loss reserves are another important area and our consistent approach to setting overall reserves again resulted in property casualty net favorable development on prior accident years on both a fourth quarter and full year 2018 basis. 2018 marked our 30th consecutive year of net favorable reserve development. Full year 2018 favorable reserve development benefited our combined ratio by 3.4 percentage points matching the annual average during 2013 through 2017. Our commercial casualty line of business experienced $16 million of favorable reserve development during the fourth quarter -- during the quarter and $47 million for the year. Most of our major lines of business experienced favorable reserve development in 2018. On an all-lines basis by accident year, it included 38% for accident year 2017, 23% for accident year 2016 and 39% for 2015 and prior accident years. We continue to actively manage our capital and both financial strength and flexibility remained excellent. This week we concluded efforts to enhance our financial flexibility by amending and extending our line of credit agreement with various banks. The former agreement was due to expire in May. The term is for five years for up to $300 million and the accordion feature allows us to double that amount under the same terms and conditions. Most of the other terms and conditions are similar to the former agreement, although our financial flexibility also improved with the elimination of a minimum net worth covenant and the debt to total capital maximum is now 35%. I'll wrap up my prepared remarks with the usual summary of fourth quarter contributions to book value per share. They represent the main drivers of our value-creation ratio. Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.38. Life insurance operations added $0.04. Investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.52. Net investment gains and losses for the fixed income portfolio increased book value per share by $0.17. Net investment gains and losses for the equity portfolio decreased book value by $3.70. And we declared $0.53 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value decrease of $3.12 during the fourth quarter to $48.10 per share. And now, I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. It was a good quarter and second half for the year 2018. We are bullish about the future of Cincinnati Financial. We see improving trends in several areas. And look forward to meaningful contributions over time from leaders at Beaufort Underwriting Agency, the Lloyd's managing agency subsidiary of our pending acquisition of MSP Underwriting Ltd. That acquisition is still on track to close during the first quarter of 2019. We know our strategy works and we'll continue to execute it, as we target profitable growth, while providing great service to our appointed agencies that should benefit all stakeholders of the company creating shareholder value overtime. Many of you know J.F. Scherer from his years of investor travel. He's announced his intent to retire in August after more than 35 years of service and leadership to our organization. This will likely be his final earnings call. J.F would you like to say a few words?
J.F. Scherer: Yes, thanks Steve. I'd just like to say it's been a pleasure traveling with and getting to know many of you on the call today. I've learned so much from the conversations, we've had your, your review of the industry, and your comments about the company. I'd be forever grateful for what I learned from all of you. I appreciated your professionalism and your interest in Cincinnati Financial and I certainly wish all of you continued success. Thanks to all of you.
Steve Johnston: As I'm sure you can all imagine, we're sad to see J.F. go. At the same time, however I have absolute confidence in Steve Spray and in his ability to smoothly step into the role of Chief Insurance Officer. I know you all will feel the same as you get to know him during future investor business. As a reminder with J.F., Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Marty Mullen, Marty Hollenbeck, Teresa Hopper, and Ken Stecher. Catherine, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Amit Kumar with Buckingham Research.
Amit Kumar: Thanks and good morning. The first question, I have is going back to the guidance you mentioned. I wanted to be sure I heard this correct. You said 95% ex cats. Is that correct?
Steve Johnston: No it was 95% or less assuming normal catastrophe loss levels.
Amit Kumar: Okay. So the language is similar to what I think what you had said in terms of the cat definition. I was curious, if I go back and look at the guidance for 2018, 2019 is obviously higher. What's the biggest sort of moving parts? Is this mostly driven on the loss cost side? Maybe just expand on the thought process a bit?
Steve Johnston: In terms of the combined ratio being above 95%?
Amit Kumar: No in terms of it's above when we talked about – when you laid out the initial guidance for 2018 at that time on 8th Feb, I think you had said mid- to low-90s I think was the number you had given in early 2018. So I was just trying to compare and contrast what had changed in your mind.
Steve Johnston: Right. And yes, I think we were expecting and hoping for a little bit better performance in the personal lines results. They are the one segment for the year that came in over 100%. But having said that we're really buoyed by the work that's been done in personal lines in terms of the rate action that's been taken. I think Steve might be able to expand a little bit on that. But I think kind of the proof is in the pudding – when we look at the fourth quarter alone it came – personal lines came in with a 91.7%. And I think that gives us good optimism towards where we're heading into 2019. And maybe Steve Spray might want to comment a little bit on the actions that have been taken.
Steve Spray: Yeah. Amit on the personal lines specifically throughout 2018, we continued to earn in on the homeowner line mid-single-digit rate increases. We think that that is going to strengthen into 2019 into the high-single-digit range. And on the commercial auto, we think that's going to stay strong in the high-single-digit range as well.
Amit Kumar: Got it. Now that's helpful. The other question I had was looking at the workers' compensation line, and I think the reserve release just were substantially higher than the run rate we’ve seen. And I know a lot of companies have been talking about it. I wanted to understand a bit better as to the driver of those reserve releases. And maybe just talk about the market conditions. It seems that we were worried a bit in Q3. And in Q4, I think things have got eased up a little bit just based on the general economic conditions. Maybe just talk about the loss costs and the pricing environment.
Steve Johnston: Yes. Amit, this is Steve Johnston. We have two Steves here, so we'll try to be careful to mention which one. This is Steve Johnston here, and I'll cover the reserve part. In terms of the releases, we have a very qualified actuarial department that uses some very sophisticated tools, particularly in the long-tail lines, such as workers' compensation. They're looking at trends and explicitly looking at inflation in terms of medical inflation, indemnity inflation, paid loss trends. And with all of the data that they look at, there's obviously a little bit of a cautious eye towards workers' compensation in that. It's been a cyclical line over time. And that slight variation in actual results on some of the loss trend picks can have a large impact on the overall results given the long-tail nature of the line. So they have taken, I think a very prudent approach to reserving workers' comp. And yet as they look at the more recent accident years going back in terms of how the actual trends have come in versus what they've predicted feel that it's prudent to release the reserves that they have. And it's a very consistent position that they take a consistent philosophy that they go about the reserve setting. In terms of the market conditions, I'll turn it over to Steve Spray.
Steve Spray: Yes. Amit, Steve Spray. We feel really good about workers' compensation. We're obviously a package underwriter. We don't write mono-line work comp. The results have been good. We feel good about the growth of it in the future and our appetite for it. Over the last several years, I think we've made really good strides on many different fronts in managing workers' compensation, risk selection underwriting, pricing the analytics that we've employed there, loss control. And I think no change has impacted our work comp results more than the things that we've done with claims, more expertise, a call center for timeliness of reporting have just helped -- medical bill repricing have just really helped the results over the year. I will tell you, over the years, we are cautiously looking at the continued base rate declines that come out of NCCI, and the impact that that's having on the accident year results. You can see that in the reports. But something that we are going to continue to watch, we'll continue to be cautious with work comp, but we want to continue to grow it.
Amit Kumar: Okay. That's helpful. Last question and I will requeue. Just going back to that response on the guidance you said it has some level of normal cats. What's the normalized cat load you're assuming? The reason is, I want to be very clear and understand -- how that number probably compares with the investor expectations? Can you just talk about is it six points or so or maybe higher or lower? Just talk about your normalized cat load expectations? Thanks.
Steve Johnston: It would be right in that six point something to seven point in terms of normalized cat. You're right on it Amit.
Amit Kumar: Got it, okay. I will stop here. Thanks for the answers and good luck for the future.
Steve Johnston: Thank you for your question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse.
Mike Zaremski: Hey congrats J.F. Wish you all the best.
J.F. Scherer: Thanks.
Mike Zaremski: My first question just following up I guess on the guidance, so it's a 95% all-in combined ratio?
Steve Johnston: That's correct.
Mike Zaremski: And so this year you're about one point higher than that. And your cat load was kind of in line with historical the last 10, 11, 12 years -- 12-year average. And so kind of in this quarter you put up close to 95%. So is it kind of just doing more of the same as you kind of did in 4Q and first lines gets a little bit better? And that's kind of how we think about 95% and rate is kind of in line-ish with loss cost trends overall? I know it's generalizing a lot.
Steve Johnston: Right. That's very close though Mike. This is Steve Johnston and I think you're very close. We do see and feel that with the actions that we're taking in terms of loss cost trend, we're very prospective on that. What do we feel loss cost trend would be going forward? We do think that while it may be slight that we are slightly ahead of loss cost trend with our pricing. We think that all of the actions that have been taken will show improvement. And so we do think we'll - on an ex-cat accident year basis see improvement next year.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, that's helpful. And looking at commercial auto, the underlying loss ratio accident year ex reserve developments has been improving and it was in the 50s this quarter which is great. But then on the other hand you have reserve additions from prior developments have persisted, just trying to understand those two kind of contrasting trends?
Steve Johnston: Sure. Good question and this is Steve Johnston. I think anytime when you're at a turning point with a line which I think we are with commercial auto as you pointed out we are seeing improvements in the ex-cat accident year. We have been taking the appropriate action to get there. I still think as we see that and in terms of setting the reserves as you mentioned the -- that there is a little bit of stubborn adverse development there. I think there's still a little bit of caution in terms of releasing reserves or being more optimistic with the picks on prior accident years until we see a little bit more evidence of the improvement that we're seeing in the current accident year.
Steve Spray: Mike, this is Steve Spray. Having spent the last couple of years in commercial lines, a lot of focus on commercial auto Steve's, right, we are seeing improvement in both the accident year and calendar year results. And one thing I'd point out is, we continue to earn in really solid high single-digit rate increases throughout 2018. We think that there's still plenty of runway in 2019 for that to continue, but those high single-digit increases don't really tell the full story. I think our underwriting teams with our agents -- in working closely with our agents have really executed well on segmenting the book. And we're getting obviously more than the average on the least adequately priced business and less on the most adequately priced; really focused on retention on that adequately, on that most adequately priced business. So still plenty of runway. There's still macro issues that are going on in commercial auto that you've probably heard distracted driving, driver shortages, policyholders having difficulty finding, qualified individuals to put behind the wheel. It's all having an effect on commercial auto.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Great. That's -- hopefully that line of business gets better for the industry as the year progresses. And my last question was back to the last question from Amit on workers' comp. So I think you guys said, you want to grow that line of business. And when I look at premium rates – sorry, your premium volumes there, they've been second half of the year down kind of close to double-digits. Is that mostly just pricing and policies are flattish? Or are you guys expecting to kind of grow premium levels in 2019 because maybe pricing is getting less negative? I'm just trying to understand the dynamic there on workers' comp growth for 2019.
Steve Spray: Yes. Mike, this is Steve Spray again. Let me try to answer that. If I don't hit it, you obviously can give me a follow-up. The base rate declines are putting pressure on the growth. But the underwriters I think are doing an excellent job of trying to mitigate that as much as possible. We still feel really good about the overall pricing of the book at this point in time although again those base rates are putting pressure. We're a package underwriter. So many times when you write -- let me give you an example. If you're writing a package and you're not real high on the auto, you're probably going to lose the entire package. You're not going to have an opportunity at that. With workers' compensation, there's enough monoline markets out there that if that line of business is not attractive to us, we can still continue to write the package and that comp will end up going somewhere else. So it allows us to be I think more prudent and more conservative on the workers' compensation. So I think that covers it.
Steve Johnston: Yes. In short, we do want to grow the line. It's a profitable line that we feel that we can do well.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Great. Thank you for all the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill.
Paul Newsome: Good morning. I was hoping you could just give us a little update about the expansion efforts that you're doing. And I'm just curious sort of maybe big picture thoughts on how far you think you'd develop products for yourself in the future?
Steve Johnston: Okay. Paul, this is Steve Johnston. And we'll kind of tag team on this. But we have an agency strategy. We are always looking for products and services that we can do with our agents to help grow our company. And we know that when our agents are successful, we'll be successful in or confident in, I think Steve has some ideas on how to expand on that thought. But we are confident in our growth strategies as we appoint agents, come up with products and services that we are definitely in a growth mode.
Steve Spray: Yes. Paul, Steve Spray. Agree completely. Especially the agency strategy piece. We've always been a company as you know that has built -- build around our distribution. And anything we do in here as far as expanding products and services is in direct reflection of what the agents' desires are of us. So, as an example, our excess and surplus lines company, you can see how that's performing. High net worth. Will Van Den Heuvel and the team that he's built and the growth that we've got there, we started the target markets division which is really niche products and commercial lines in direct response to agents' needs and the fact that they were majoring in specific industries or class segments. We're up to 15 of those now. We've made extensive product improvements in management liability and surety, especially on the management liability front. That segment is growing rapidly and is very profitable. We stay out of the public company sector. It's primarily non-profit, small privately held companies as well. So, that's performed well. So, it kind of just goes on and on. Now with our Lloyd's Syndicate, things that are always in direct -- again, it's always in direct response to the needs of our agents. We have -- another area that we are expanding is in commercial lines. And as we move upstream into larger more complex risks for our agents, we feel like we have plenty of capacity. We just need to expand our expertise. We hired Chet Swisher about two and a half years ago, came over to join us and had tremendous amount of large account experience and expertise. He's building out that unit to just be that much more important to our agents as well. So, hopefully, I think that should cover what your question was Paul.
Paul Newsome: That's great. And congratulations J.F. I'll miss watching you at the company, but all the best.
J.F. Scherer: Thanks Paul. It's been great to spend so much time with you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker: Hi there everybody. Congratulations on a great quarter and particularly in personal lines, just excellent results. I was wondering if we could dig in a little bit about the timing. Some of your competitors have said they've seen a higher frequency of homeowners losses over the past six months or so and it seems you've already priced for that. Did you see that loss trend developing earlier than others? And is that's what's in your price right now? I guess to say are you experiencing higher frequency of losses, but it's already priced for?
Steve Johnston: I think in general, Josh, and not to bring in -- I haven't really heard or read about the competitors. But we do feel just that our people in personal lines have been doing an excellent job in responding to the trends that we see in personal lines both auto and homeowners. We have seen -- we focused on the pure premium trend which will be the combination of frequency and severity. I do think within that pure premium trend, it is more the severity that's driving it. But again when we talk trends we talk prospectively. And a lot of the underwriting action that's been put in place by our underwriters we think is dampening that trend some. And we feel that we are in a position where we are getting rate ahead of that loss cost trend.
Josh Shanker: Do you have a general idea of how much rate you're getting in homeowners right now?
Steve Johnston: Yeah, in terms of the homeowners, we feel we're in the high single-digit range in terms of our homeowners increases. I'm sorry mid-single-digit for home high single-digit for auto.
Steve Spray: But Josh, this is Steve Spray. We do see it strengthened on the homeowner line throughout 2018 and we expect the homeowner rate increases in 2019 to move into the high single-digit range.
Josh Shanker: Okay. And I realize, you're not a big auto player compared to a lot of auto specialists out there but there are people who do put their personal auto with you, going forward can a multiline competitor be an effective player in the auto market is that a concern you guys look at or you think that there's many years of roadway ahead of you on the auto line?
Steve Spray: No. I think we can absolutely be effective in the personal auto market. Again we are not a mono-line auto writer, we're a package underwriter. We are trying to attract the policyholder that sees value in the advice that they get from an independent agent and they claims service that I'm proud of and have been proud of over the years that we provide in the community for our agencies and for the policyholders. So in the area where we are focused Josh the agency strategy and the centers of influence and the individuals in the community that they work with we absolutely feel like we can continue to grow personal lines.
Josh Shanker: And then one last one on high net worth homeowners, how many states do you plan to be in 2019?
Steve Spray: By the end of 2019, the plan is we'll be in 46 states. We're in 42 right now. The plan is to add Rhode Island, Delaware, Hawaii and Nevada in 2019.
Josh Shanker: Very good and I'll just say on regard that J.F. is wrong that the pleasure has been all ours, I'm sure. And have a very happy retirement.
J.F. Scherer: Thank you very much Josh. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. I want to echo everyone's best wishes to J.F. it's been a pleasure dealing with you over the years.
J.F. Scherer: Thanks Meyer.
Meyer Shields: A couple of I think small questions if I can. One, for the past couple of years, we've had some seasonality in the workers' compensation underlying loss ratio. Does that represent the fourth quarter true-up of the full year? Or is there something else going on?
Steve Johnston: I do think we try to look at things over an annual period of time, but I do think with workers' comp you're going to see more construction activity. And that sort of thing during the summer months than what you do in the fourth quarter and the first quarter. So there could be a little bit of seasonality there.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That makes sense. Can you compare the rate increases you're seeing within excess and surplus lines to the other commercial lines?
Steve Spray: Yeah. I think an excess and surplus line has been consistent for many quarters Meyer and that their getting into low single-digit range is pretty consistent.
Meyer Shields: Okay. So actually lower than I guess the aggregate for standard commercial lines?
Steve Spray: No. I think it's about -- I think it's about the same in the aggregate.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Perfect. Thank you so much.
Steve Spray: Yeah.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] You do have a question from the line of Scott Heleniak with RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Heleniak: Hi, good morning. J.F. wish you the best as well and happy retirement as well.
J.F. Scherer: Thanks very much.
Scott Heleniak: And so the first question I had was on the -- just the life insurance book. You saw really good premium growth for the year. It was up about 8%. So, how much was that of just -- was that more a function of just your agency base kind of more -- marketing that more assertively? Was it market conditions something else going on there? And then, if you can just talk about just the opportunity there and not only in the term life which is where you're seeing most of the growth, but in some of the other ancillary products annuity and disability and kind of where you see the opportunity in the next few years?
Mike Sewell: Yes -- no this -- great. Thanks great question. This is Mike. We had another really good year on the life company. We're thinking about the term product as our main product. For the first year, term premiums were up about a little over 14%. And it's just been a lot of applicants -- applications that they've been receiving this past year. I think we had a pretty good year at 2017 too also with the applications up. So the worksite -- so when we're out there on the commercial lines side and getting the worksite that was up 17.7% for the current year and that's a first year. So it's -- just all around, it's been very good. It's rounded out the -- what our independent agents have in their toolbox for the insurers to be able to sell the insurance. From the annuity side, we just have fixed annuities. We don't do any variable annuities. So we think we do remain competitive there with the interest rates that we apply to those products. And we do look and adjust those quarterly to make sure that we are remaining competitive in that area. So overall another -- I think a great year for the life company. Their non-GAAP operating income was $52 million this year compared to $40 million in the prior year. So with the premiums that are in there, the mortality was up a little higher than what we predicted at the beginning of the year. And then kind of rounding that out with some tax effects, we had a great year. So the life insurance company continues to be a valuable asset for us.
Scott Heleniak: Okay, great. And the E&S premium growth it ticked up quite a bit compared to last couple of quarters. I just wondered, if you could just talk about some of the trends there and some of the areas where maybe you're running a lot more business. And are you just generally seeing more of that type of business flow to -- as a sort of E&S risk as opposed to standard market risk? Or just any color on the 20% growth rate there.
Steve Spray: Yes, Scott, Steve Spray. That I was involved in the E&S company from the get-go. And Don Doyle's leadership and that team they just continued -- it's blocking and tackling. They've stuck to their knitting, but they've also continued to expand their expertise. It's outstripping their appetite. But they're just -- they're out on the road constantly meeting with agents. Their value proposition is extremely compelling. And I think like anything else you have to just tell somebody 90 times over and over what your value prop is. And the agents just continued to move more and more business that way. It's primarily a casualty book. It's about 90% casualty about 10% of it property. So it's -- our agency plant today has about $3 billion of E&S business of which we write roughly $260 million. So we just think that there is a long runway for us there.
Scott Heleniak: Okay, great. And then just one last one on the E&S as well just the accident year loss ratio saw a pretty big improvement. Are you seeing any different trends there versus any other units as far as frequency or severity that kind of drove that improvement?
Steve Spray: No, I think that -- again it's an E&S book. They do an excellent job of pricing in terms and conditions. But it's going to have a variability component to it. It's a -- just inherently it's going to be a severity book. They only retain $1 million so that helps their cause there as well. But I think it's just inherent variability that happens in that book.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. Got you. Thanks a lot.
Steve Spray: Yes.
Operator: You do have a follow-up question from the line of Amit Kumar with Buckingham Research.
Amit Kumar: Just two quick follow-ups. The first question goes back to the discussion on MSP Underwriting. At the time of the announcement you had, I think, you had mentioned that it was going to be modestly accretive. In the slide deck you had mentioned, 98% or better. I think it was a penny accretive at that point. I was curious had -- is that pretty much unchanged since the announcement? Or is there any more additional update on that?
Steve Johnston: Yes, good question. It is unchanged since that. I would turn everybody to the slide deck that we released that Amit is referring to on October 12. And that is where we are still in terms of how we feel about the transaction with Beaufort. We are confident that it will close here in the first quarter. We've been in contact with the people and continue to be very confident in the people there, the quality of the people, the expertise. And we are optimistic and we're ready to get going with that one.
Amit Kumar: Got it. And the second and the last question I have is, if you look at CinFin Re in the 10-K you had laid out, I think 30% of the premiums were coming from property exposures, 60% was from casualty. That piece has seen some decent growth. I was curious, how are you thinking about that piece for 2019, and especially, coming out from an active hurricane season as well as other losses? Is there -- could there potentially be a desire to grow that book and hence we could see an upside down the road? Or is the desire to keep the PMLs within check and hence this book's, sort of, proposition varies around $150 million or so in terms of premiums?
Steve Johnston: This is Steve Johnston, and we're very much focused on the profitability on a risk-adjusted basis there. We intentionally didn't set up a separate company. It's written on Cincinnati Insurance paper. We just look at each individual contract one by one to see if we think we can make a good risk-adjusted profit. So we don't put pressure on them to write. With the one on ones, they've been very selective. They wrote less than 20 new property cat treaties out of some 130 cat submissions. They're very much looking to align themselves with quality companies. And I think we would see continued more premium on the casualty side as we go through the year as we saw in 2018 just based on the market conditions. But to the extent that we see good opportunity on a risk-adjusted basis to either increase our share on contracts that we like or selectively write new ones, we feel very confident in their ability going forward.
Amit Kumar: Got it. That’s actually very helpful. I will stop here. Thank you so much for the answers.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Amit.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your questions. I'd now like to turn the call back over to the Steve Johnston for any closing remarks.
Steve Johnston: Thank you all. We very much look forward to talking with you and I look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter 2019 call. Thank you, Catherine for running the call.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Michelle, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. Please go ahead.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel at Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our Investor Web site cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is a quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you will first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer, and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating in the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenback; and Cincinnati Insurance's Chief Insurance Officer, J.F. Scherer; Chief Claims Officer, Marty Mullen; Senior Vice President of Commercial Lines, Steve Spray; and Senior Vice President of Corporate Financial, Teresa Hopper. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore does not reconcile to GAAP. Now, I will turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Good morning. And thank you for joining us today to hear more about our third quarter results. Net income for the third quarter of 2018 was more than five times the same period a year ago. Approximately three quarters of the growth in net income again reflected variability related to this year’s new accounting requirement for changes in the fair value of equity securities. About one eighth of the increase was from other non-recurring items generally related to taxes, and Mike will comment further on that in a moment. The remaining growth in net income largely reflects improved underwriting results despite higher catastrophe losses and is reflected by our improving property casualty combined ratio and 41% growth in non-GAAP operating income. Our 96.8% combined ratio for the third quarter of this year was 2.5 points better than year ago. And is the result of several factors, including ongoing benefits of diversifying our business in recent years. Our commercial line segment experienced another good quarter with a combined ratio of near 95%. Importantly, we’re seeing signs of improvement in paid loss cost trends for our commercial casualty line of business. The paid ratio for the first nine months of 2018 was almost 2 percentage points lower than the same period a year ago. While we’re currently maintaining a prudent amount of IBNR reserve for that line, particularly for accident year 2018, we were comfortable with releasing some reserves for all the accident years, largely accident years 2016 and prior. We continue to take a careful approach to growing our commercial lines business and targeting underwriting actions, slowed net written premium growth to 1% on the nine month basis. Overall, commercial lines' estimated average price increases for the third quarter were slightly higher than the first half of 2018, including higher average pricing for our commercial casualty line of business. Our excess and surplus line segment continues to perform very well with third quarter and year-to-date combined ratios in the low 70s. It is reported 24 straight quarters of combined ratios below 100%. Excess and surplus lines' premiums are also growing at a healthy rate in the double digit range for the third quarter and first nine months of this year. Our personal line segment in Cincinnati Re were affected by significant levels of weather-related catastrophe losses, experiencing third quarter combined ratios a little over 100%. Cincinnati Re remains profitable for the full year and inception to-date. Our personal line segment continued to experience a rise in average rate increases. The third quarter 2018 average was a little higher than the second quarter with personal auto again near the high end of the high single digit range. Both of these areas of our business continue to grow at healthy rates, and we anticipate better underwriting results in future quarters. Throughout our property-casualty operations, we continue to obtain relatively higher renewal pricing on policies where our models and judgment indicate that's needed as we segment accounts through careful underwriting of various risks. That segmentation is not always reflected in the average renewal price increases we report. However, when the benefits of segmentation combined with rising reported average renewal price increases as they did this quarter, it can significantly enhance our overall profitability. Our life insurance subsidiary also had an outstanding quarter, nearly doubling net income reported a year ago, along with earned premiums growing at 9%. Our primary measure of long-term financial performance, the value creation ratio, was 6.3% for the third quarter of 2018. The component of net income before investment gains or losses contributed 2.4 percentage points, an improvement of 1.1 points versus a year ago, including 0.7 points from other nonrecurring items. In addition, investment gains in our equity portfolio contributed 4.6 percentage points, offsetting a negative 0.7 point effect from the fixed maturity portfolio. Our results for the quarter were solid and included several areas of ongoing improvement in our operations. Next our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, will highlight some important aspects of the financial performance and financial condition.
Mike Sewell: Thank you, Steve and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Growth of pretax investment income of 1% for both the third quarter and first nine months of 2018 has slowed somewhat, reflecting the fact that in recent years, many of our higher yielding bonds were called prior to maturity or redeemed upon reaching maturity dates. As a comparison, our pretax investment income grew at a 2% rate for full year 2017 and at 4% in 2016. On the other hand, after-tax investment income is 12% higher so far in 2018 compared with the first nine months of 2017, continuing to contribute significantly to earnings and book value growth. Dividends from our equity portfolio continued growing nicely, up 5% during the third quarter of 2018 and 6% on a year-to-date basis. Our investment portfolio experienced overall gains for the third quarter of $381 million before tax effects. That included $458 million increase in our equity portfolio, partially offset by $76 million decrease from our bond portfolio. We ended the quarter with a net appreciated value of nearly $3.4 billion, including $7 million in our bond portfolio. Taking a closer look at interest income from our bond portfolio, which decreased 1% during the quarter, the pretax average yield was 4.19% for the third quarter of 2018, down 24 basis points from last year's third quarter. We continue to invest in bonds, including $324 million in net purchases during the first nine months of this year. Taxable bonds purchased during the third quarter 2018 had an average pretax yield of 4.53%, 72 basis points higher than we purchased for last year's third quarter. Tax exempt bonds purchased average 3.87% also, up 72 basis points from a year ago. Cash flow from operating activities continued to provide funds for our investment portfolio, funds generated from net operating cash flows for the first nine months of 2018 totaled $826 million, up 11% from the same period a year ago despite 2018 income tax payments that nearly doubled for 2017 amount. Now, I'll comment on the $56 million third quarter 2018 benefit from certain nonrecurring items, of which $50 million was a result of tax accounting method changes, for which we received approval from the IRS during the quarter as disclosed in income tax footnote of our 10-Q filing. The largest of these tax accounting changes pertain to the valuation of our tax base for loss reserves, which had a $49 million favorable effect on our reported third quarter net income. Turning to our underwriting expense ratio. We continue to carefully manage expenses with an eye towards strategically investing in our business where we think it make sense. Our nine months 2018 property-casualty underwriting expense ratio rose by only one-tenth of a percentage point compared with the same period of 2017. Regarding loss reserves, once again, our consistent approach to setting overall reserves resulted in property-casualty net favorable development on prior accident years. Third quarter 2018 favorable reserve development benefited our combined ratio by 3.5 percentage points. And the nine-month 2018 benefit of 3.3 percentage points exceeded the same period last year by 0.6 percentage points. Our commercial casualty lines of business experienced $21 million of favorable reserve development during the quarter. Most of our major lines of business have experienced favorable reserve development in the first nine months of 2018. On an all lines basis by accident year it included 39% for accident year 2017, 20% for accident year 2016 and 41% for 2015 and prior accident years. Regarding capital management, both financial strength and financial flexibility remain in excellent shape. I'll conclude in typical fashion with a summary of third quarter contributions to book value per share. They represent the main drivers of our value creation ratio; property-casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.20; life insurance operations added $0.09; investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.92, including $0.34 from other non-recurring items; net investment gains or losses for the fixed income portfolio decreased book value per share by $0.36; net investment gains and losses for the equity portfolio increased book value by $2.22; and we declared $0.53 per share in dividends to shareholders; the net effect was a book value increase of $2.54 during the third quarter to a record high $51.22 per share. And now, I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. It was a good quarter and we feel optimistic about the future. That optimism includes anticipation of meaningful contributions over time from leaders at Beaufort Underwriting Agency, the Lloyd's managing agency subsidiary of our pending acquisition of MSP Underwriting Limited that we announced earlier this month. Collectively, we aim to focus on profitable growth and providing superior service to our appointed agencies. History tells us that doing so will benefit all stakeholders at Cincinnati Financial and its affiliated companies, creating shareholder value over time. As a reminder, with Mike and me today, are J.F. Scherer, Steve Spray, Marty Mullen, Marty Hollenback and Teresa Hopper. Michelle, please open the call for questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Mike Zaremski: Maybe I'll start on the E&S segment, I know it's not the largest segment but results continue to be phenomenal. And just curious, maybe you could talk more about what this book is weighted towards. So I always thought that overtime the combined ratio I feel would gravitate to -- better than the total commercial, but it seems to continue to be phenomenal. So maybe you can give some more color on what's going on there?
J.F. Scherer: Mike, this is J.F. Scherer. The book is obviously heavily weighted, casualty versus property, we don't write coastal property in the NS company. The appetite ranges runs everything from special event policy, small special events policies to fairly sizable products liability coverages. I think part of the reason why we were doing so well is that what we write tends to be associated with the property and casualty, the standard size and account. So 45%, roughly of the E&S policies we write are accompanying Cincinnati insurance company package. The E&S premiums and losses are included in our agents' profit sharing. So they're very careful about what they place with us. We also have the benefit that our claims folks that handle the standard business also handle the E&S policies. So I think you all-in-all when you add it all together, I think we're getting more carefully selected business. We are patient about growing CSU and that our agencies write about $3 billion in the E&S business and their agencies. We'll finish the year around $250 million in CSU. So, we view that we have a lot of opportunity and we don't need to try to explode on the same stretch to write business that we're writing. So we're very comfortable writing the casualty side. We don't see ourselves expanding in the coastal property year. And so we're taking a -- and probably obviously, the management of CSU, Don Doyle and the rest of his staff, they just do an exemplary job in terms of how they review things and how carefully they promote things.
Mike Zaremski: If we can switch gears to personal lines, maybe can you touch on both home and auto, auto feels like a -- it feels like the auto centric or the personal and centric insurers are feeling a lot better and pricing is coming down in auto whereas maybe some of the commercial centric personal lines riders are continuing to try to improve their mix and whatnot. And then in homeowners, some carriers have talked about some negative trends in terms of underline. So maybe you could touch on those lines of business please.
J.F. Scherer: Well, we’re feeling pretty good about private passenger auto that we think that the rate increases, the analytics that we're applying, are setting things in a good direction there. And we have been taking some fairly significant rate increases as we've disclosed in the upper single-digit range. On homeowner, notwithstanding the fact that the results don't look as good, we're pretty optimistic about the direction that we're heading there. High net worth continues to grow at a nice cliff. Historically, high net worth is been more profitable with middle market and we think that the team that Will Van Den Heuvel assembled in that area, a great number professionals with many years experience in high net worth space, will produce results that’ll be very favorable. We are seeing the negative trends that many other carriers have talked about. Our rate increases in home owners are mid-single digits and we see that strengthening over the next couple of years. And also in addition to rate increases, we'll continue to do what we have been doing relative to inspections and loss control associated with our homeowner book of business. We are seeing and have seen larger claims in the homeowner area. Those tend to be pretty volatile. Right now, based on what we've seen, we’re maintaining a fair amount of -- a prudent level of reserving, which you would expect out of us on that homeowner line. We have confidence that we think things will level out and that those results will get much better.
Mike Zaremski: And lastly if we can focus on commercial liability, looks like commercial auto has been improving. But maybe you could talk more broadly about lost costs, and on the commercial liability side, some carriers are saying that they’re seeing an uptick in liability inflation along with just broader inflation. Although, it does seem like maybe commercial auto is getting a lot better and offsetting that. So just trying to get a sense for margins, because pricing, it seems like it's still steady low single digits. And wondering how you’re seeing lost cost inflation.
Steve Johnston: I think we have seen some of those trends. I'd like to think we got out a bit early on it and have been addressing it here over a period of time. And you'll recall that we have had periods where we’ve shown some adverse development on that line as we've reacted to seeing some of the trends. I think we have moved to take action in terms of both rate and prudent underwriting. And now are showing a couple quarters in a row where we've had some favorable development on that. I think it's still prudent that we treat the current accident quarter with due caution as we've seen this trend. But I do think we are on top of it, addressing that appropriately with both rate and prudent underwriting action.
Mike Zaremski: And what about -- other than commercial auto, is there any lines I should be -- general liability and what not?
Steve Johnston: No, we feel pretty good about the book and in total. And again, the commercial auto, I think we’re making progress there with the accident year ex-caps starting to move in the correct direction.
Operator: Your next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: I really want to follow-up on Mike’s question. Steve, can you talk a little bit about the internal analytical capabilities that you have to anticipate maybe macroeconomic changes that would impact commercial claim frequency?
Steve Johnston: Yes, I think it's the whole team. It starts with claims. We have local claims representatives led by Marty Mullen here that are out working from their homes in the communities with the agents. And so, I think we get some pretty early intelligence of what's going on into street level from our claims people. That’s brought here in the home office where we have a robust process, call it, oversight committee that has every department in the Company represented. We do have the predicted model on the analytic side very much segment the book. In fact, we can look at every single policy in terms of how we feel it is priced relative to where we think it should be priced. And we take action at a very granular rate in terms of encouraging, keeping those that have the highest profit potential. And working with those that don't in terms of what we can do on the underwriting side, the loss control side, pricing, also working with the agent. So, it's a very holistic approach that we use. And we do have, I think specific to your question, the analytics in place and the predictive models in place that allow us to do this at a very granular level.
Meyer Shields: And I think we're clearly seeing it in results. Maybe a more specific question, we're hearing some chatter about better funded law firms maybe impacting overall casualty claim frequency severity or both. Is that something that you're seeing?
Steve Johnston: We’re keeping an eye on that, and I'll let Marty Mullen comment on that.
Marty Mullen: Meyer, we haven’t really experienced that phenomena or trend across our casualty book other than past history. It's been pretty stable in that event.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Mark Dwelle from RBC. Your line is now open.
Mark Dwelle: Just couple of questions, some prior people covered a few of them. I just want to drill down on the loss cost a little bit. One of your competitors commented fairly extensively this morning about workers' comp and some of the pressure that they were seeing there with the high employment and a lot of new workers in the workforce. Just wondering what your experiences been so far and how that compares with their commentary?
Steve Johnston: I didn't hear the commentary or know about that, but we would comment on what we’re seeing is still workers' comp to be very favorable. It is in terms of the loss cost trends, it is coming -- it's being recognized I think with increased competition on the premium side where there's very healthy competition for workers' comp given its profitability. I think if we would comment to where we might see the impact of full employment and looking for making sure that to get workers, would be on the commercial auto side where we pay very close attention to any qualification of the drivers that we see in commercial automobile. And not that we don't pay close attentions to it in the workers' comp and we have not seen it as much in the workers' comp trends as we have in the auto trends.
J.F. Scherer: And Mark this is J. F. I guess the only thing I would add to that would be that the things that we notice most and monitor motion most and seems to be affecting our book of business most is just simple base rate loss cost decreases by NCCI, that’s been pretty aggressive. We have -- historically, we've been a little concerned as that's -- those declines, for example, are a bit behind the times and that -- so we to a degree try to neutralize those. And I would also agree with Steve that if there's one thing that we hear from policy agents from their policyholders is the frustration they’ve in finding qualified workers. And so we -- there’s a pretty aggressive marketplace out there writing workers' comp, a lot of carriers that are offering agencies commission bonuses. We’re pleased with our workers comp book of business. I would say compared to many other carriers, we still approach it more cautiously, not pessimistically but cautiously, than others would.
Mark Dwelle: And then as you look at your -- I guess, probably written premium growth, more so than earned, because that’s been a naturally lag. I mean you commented on the rate environment and the pricing environment rather. What proportion of your premium growth would you say is really being derived from just a better economy and more exposure unit growth and more, I should say, workers and et cetera?
Steve Johnston: I think it's really split generally what we see about 50-50 there, because we are getting rate in the low single digit range, and premium growth in that same range and also seeing a pickup in activity in the economy as well. So, I think it's -- the last I checked, it was pretty much a 50-50 split.
Mark Dwelle: And one other question just related to the tax rate in the quarter. There’re few moving pieces between the realized gains and special items and so forth. Would you’ve the effective tax rate on operating income for the quarter or approximation at any rate?
Mike Sewell: For the effective tax rate for, I want to say traditional operating income, you could think about that almost as 21%. But also included in operating income is investment income. The effective tax rate on that is about 16%. So, when you think about operating income, what’s the mix? Do you have more underwriting income that would drive it towards 21%? If you have less underwriting income, it will probably push it towards the 16%. The operating income effective tax rate for this quarter might look a little bit lower than normal. We filed our tax return right at the beginning of the fourth quarter. We had it prepared right at the end of the third quarter waiting for a couple of items to wrap up. So, you have some time some book to tax adjustments. And so some of those adjustments from what we recorded at the end of 2017, we’re making those adjustments and we made them right there towards the end of the third quarter. In this case, it had a positive effect and so it actually brought our effective tax rate down for operating income. But I would say absent non-recurring items, investment gains and losses, book tax adjustments, you’re probably going to look at a normal run rate that might be in the 17% with a normal maybe mixture of underwriting income to investment income. And as we keep improving it will start to go closer to 21% as the combined ratio comes down and gets better.
Operator: The next question comes from Ron Bobman from Capital Returns. Your line is open.
Ron Bobman: I had two topics I was interested in and this management teams garnered an well-deserved great amount of respect, and the personal lines initiative on the high end homeowners, as well as the E&S business, are both doing at wonderful at their current state. And I’m curious to know and putting that as a backdrop, the Lloyd's Syndicate, and I know it's still a well away for closing. But what are the synergies behind it, could you just talk about that? And I’m sorry and I don’t recall if you had a call immediately following the announcement that you've spent too much time on our call. But would you talk about the synergies on the Lloyd's syndicate please.
Steve Johnston: We did have a call and so we can make that transcript available to you. But we see it as a bolt on really non-transformative acquisition we see them in a standalone basis. So in terms of cost synergies, we don't see a tremendous amount there. We do see as we picked up in terms of Cincinnati Re synergies in terms of expertise, in terms of being able to handle larger more complex risks. And so we're also looking for ways that our agents can participate in that and we can be more deeply involved with our agents in terms of providing them with all the products and services that they require.
Ron Bobman: I didn’t follow you about -- so there are complex risks out there, I guess reinsurance opportunities, that Cincinnati Re hasn't been able to pursue, candidly still lack of expertise. And if it's Lloyds Syndicate may be able to underwrite. Is that the point you’re making?
Steve Johnston: No, that wasn't the point I was trying to make. So, let me try it again. I was probably not clear enough. As we grow as a company, overall in terms of expertise, we have added to that throughout the company, as you mentioned, whether it be in excess and surplus lines whether it be in high net worth, we have done some what we’re calling target markets, which are niche opportunities. We've done so in what we’re calling key accounts, which is larger properties, all of this is on the direct Cincinnati paper. Then we have Cincinnati Re that rights reinsurance and has brought a lot of talent to the table that in terms of the modeling of catastrophe risk, the handling of different types of complex risks that they can share, the expertise of their underwriters with the underwriters that we have on the direct side. Similarly with Beaufort, Beaufort doesn't do reinsurance. They write larger properties in the D&F market, about 60% probably another 30% or so in the binder and some aviation. And we see the opportunity for that type of knowledge and expertise to be also helpful to our underwriters, as well as potential opportunities that our agents can submit business to a large syndicate with those types of skills.
Ron Bobman: An unrelated, switching gears and again, early days in the commercial auto. But you’ve described -- I think you said a couple of quarters of even favorable development in that line, if I heard you right. Obviously correct me if not. But I am wondering whether you were seeing an actual reduction or stabilization in the incidence of claims, or whether you're just seeing rate, the cumulative increase of rate upon rate upon rate, getting ahead of what loss costs have been trending to. I am trying to differentiate rate from just the sheer incidence of occurrences that would results in claim being submitted?
Steve Johnston: I think the first thing, the comment about a couple of quarters of favorable development, had to do with commercial casualty and not commercial automobile. As we switch to commercial automobile and jump in if I am not hearing the question right. But as I heard it, you are asking about rate in terms of how it's doing relative to loss cost trends. But we do feel that as we look at lost cost trends, we look very much into the future and in the ratemaking process in terms of a trend being prospective, and where we think the lost costs will be in the prospective rate in policy period that we’re making the rates for. And so all the activity that we do in terms of claims, underwriting, loss control and so forth, we think it's been helping to dampen the loss cost trends. And then what we do with the analytic side and the pricing side has helped to get us rate that we feel that is moving ahead of the lost cost trends. And that is why we are seeing the ex-cat loss ratios moving down a bit from where they had been, both quarter-over-quarter and on a year-to-date basis for the commercial auto.
Ron Bobman: So, do you attribute all the improvement to rate getting ahead of lost cost trend it's not a reduction in claims frequency, maybe it's a stabilization. Would you talk about claims frequency and severity trends inside of lost costs?
Steve Johnston: So I’ll try to do it in two pieces. So, when we talk about lost cost trend being prospective, what will the lost cost be in the prospective periods that the rates are being made, that's where all what you would consider traditional underwriting comes into play, whether it'd be loss control, better classifications, better claims handling, looking at the MVRs, just everything that you would do and the art of underwriting, we think has a dampening effect on the lost cost trends that will be experienced in the prospective policy period. Then we set the rates to be gaining ground on that lost cost trend using effective models and all the technology that we have and so those are the two levers. And so we see the traditional art of underwriting the impactful to the loss cost trends.
Operator: The next question comes from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker: Can we talk a little about the geography of new appointments and where you’re seeing the most growth in agencies? And also when you also when you think about the cohorts agents that you appointed over the last five years. I know that long-term you have goal trying to get maybe as much as 30% or 40% of the volume within an agency. Is the take-up rate on new appointments, are they sending proportions of their business to you at the same pace of growth that you've seen in past appointment years?
J.F. Scherer: As far as the geography of the appointments would be a concerned, we have appointed a lot of agencies for high net worth in California, New Jersey and Massachusetts where we’re not active in commercial lines. Now, at some point, we will be active there and many of those appointments will be converted to commercial lines agencies as well. But there has been fair number of appointments there. As far as other appointments throughout the country, we are active now in downstate New York, Long Island. And so we're making a few more agency appointments there for commercial lines. But typically what we really are seeing is a fairly broad cross-section around the country where we have agencies. I guess it would fall in two categories; sometimes when the M&A activity produces sales of agencies in a certain area that can create a little bit of a disruptive effect; sometimes producers leave; sometimes we appoint the producers that leave, so we maintain a longer-term relationship that we had; and then we also supplement by appointments the agencies that have are not as productive as they used to be. So, I wouldn't say that there's any particular state right now or any particular geography in the country that is outpacing any other. We still make new appointments in Ohio, for example. So we take a look at every single territory and if we’re not getting the activity level we need, we go back to the existing agents and hope that we can write more business with them. But if that's not the case we appoint more agencies. As far as the productivity we're getting out of new agencies, it continues to be very good. Hoping to write 30% or 40% of agents book of business might be a little on the aggressive side. But particularly in some of the newer agencies that we're appointing are very, very large agencies. The consolidation, the M&A activity have produced very large agencies. And so while we may not necessarily aspire to 30% to 40%, we continue to aspire to be the most significant contributor. I think that's the best way I would describe that the most significant contributor to that agency's success over the long-term.
Steve Johnston: And Josh, this is Steve, just to throw some stats in there. Agencies that we've appointed since the beginning of 2017 have contributed $16 million or about 10% of the total new business written premiums over that period of time. And then just in terms of new appointments, there've been 120 new agency appointments here in the first nine months of 2018, including 54 that mark only our personalized products. It would be targeted towards the high net worth.
Josh Shanker: And when you think about one of those high net worth only agencies, I imagine the same doesn’t apply that you’re hoping to be the most important contributor. What is the goal of successful high net worth agency?
Steve Johnston: That’s the same. It may take some time. We’re certainly younger at it than some of the other folks that are out there. But the agencies that we’re doing business with are agencies that have done business with Will Van Den Heuvel for 25 years. And we think we’re bringing a good product to the market. We’re seeing some tremendous receptivity on the part of some of those agencies. So, I guess just as I mentioned on the commercial line side or my overall comments, we have no interest whatsoever in being a fringe player or a bid player in any agency we do business with. We will make a meaningful contribution to their success or we don't think that the relationship is worth pursuing.
Operator: And there’re no further questions in queue, I’d turn the call back over to Mr. Johnston for closing remarks.
Steve Johnston: Thank you all for joining us. Thank you, Michelle, for moderating the call. We look forward to seeing you again soon on our next year end call. Thank you very much. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you everyone. This will conclude today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Emily and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. You may begin your conference.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel at Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Late yesterday we issued a news release on our results along with our supplemental financial package including our quarter end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents please visit our Investor Web site cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is a quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you will first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer, and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating in the call may ask questions. At that time some responses may be made by others in the room with us including Chairman of the Board, Ken Stecher; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenback; and Cincinnati Insurance's Chief Insurance Officer, J.F. Scherer. Also Chief Claims Officer Marty Mullen and Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance, Teresa Hopper. First please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and for our various filings with the SEC. Also a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore has not reconciled the GAAP. And now, I will turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Good morning. And thank you for joining us today to hear more about our second quarter results. Net income for the second quarter of 2018 more than doubled the same period a year ago. While this year's new accounting requirement for changes in the fair value of equity securities represented a large portion of the increase operating income which is independent of that change also rose significantly up 24%. Our 97.2% property, casualty combined ratio for the second quarter of this year was 1.1 points better than a year ago and reflected benefits of diversifying our business in recent years. Our commercial lines segment experienced a combined ratio below 95%. Our excess and surplus lines segment and Cincinnati Re had excellent results each with the second quarter 2018 combined ratio below 80%. Our life insurance subsidiary also had an excellent quarter reporting a 42% increase in net income or 31% on an operating income basis. Our personal line segment reported a down quarter reflecting reserve increases in part due to a 53% year-to-date increase and large losses of $1 million or more per claim. Our all lines accident year 2018 combined ratio before catastrophe losses is roughly 2 points higher than accident year 2017 both measured as of June 30 of the respective accident year. However, on a paid basis, the ratio is nearly the same for each of those two periods. Despite that fairly stable level of paid amounts experienced by each of our major lines of business management's best estimate of ultimate loss and loss expense ratios and related reserves maintains a prudent amount of IBNR including elevated levels for two lines in particular, homeowner and commercial casualty. As more data becomes available, we'll just estimates for reserves up or down as appropriate. One of the benefits of stable paid ratios as we profitably grow our insurance business is that it increases the float helping to fuel cash flow for our investment portfolio. Mike will elaborate on that in a moment. Consolidated premium growth was much better in the second quarter of 2018 than it was in the first quarter. Our commercial line segment rebounded from a 1% decrease in that written premiums to a 5% growth in the second quarter 2018. Each of our other insurance segments experienced second quarter premium growth ranging from 5% to 7%. Importantly our internal reports and observations suggest that this growth is healthy. Our underwriters continue to obtain relatively higher renewal pricing on businesses where our models and judgment indicate it's needed. Segmenting our portfolio of accounts through careful underwriting of risks covered by individual policies. Average pricing remained mostly steady including overall commercial lines estimated average price increases similar to the first quarter with commercial auto remaining in the high single digit range. Estimated average premium rate changes for personal lines in total and for both personal auto and home homeowner were somewhat higher than the first quarter of 2018. With personal auto average rate increases near the high-end of the high single digit range. As we reported in our 10-Q effective July 1, we added a new component of reinsurance protection from catastrophe losses with an excess of loss treaty providing coverage for up to $50 million in aggregate. It includes coverage of $50 million in excess of $125 million dollars per occurrence for combinations of business written on a direct basis and by Cincinnati Re and $25 million in excess of $32 million for catastrophe events affecting only Cincinnati Re. It also provides additional coverage for earthquakes, brush fires or wildfires in certain Western states after a per event loss retention of $10 million. Our primary measure of long-term financial performance, the value creation ratio was 1.6% for the second quarter of 2018. The component of net income before investment gains or losses contributed 1.7 percentage points, an improvement of 0.2 points versus a year ago and investment gains in our equity portfolio contributed 1.0 percentage points enough to offset a negative 0.8 contribution from the fixed maturity portfolio. We were pleased to see a partial recovery evaluation in our equity portfolio following the downturn experienced in the first quarter of the year. We'll continue to place much of our focus on the profitable growth of our insurance business. That focus has served us well in the past and will help us create shareholder value over time. Next our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell will provide insights on a few other important elements of our financial performance and financial condition.
Mike Sewell: Thank you, Steve and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Second Quarter 2013 was our 20th consecutive quarter of investment income growth up 2% including 5% for dividend income. As we reported, overall investment gains for the second quarter were favorable at $25 million before tax effects that included a $105 million increase in our equity portfolio partially offset by $78 million decrease from our bond portfolio. We ended the quarter with a net appreciated value of nearly $3.1 billion including $84 million in our bond portfolio. As we highlighted last quarter, new accounting standards required that in 2018 and future years, changes in fair value of equity securities will be reported as part of net income instead of other comprehensive income. And we noted that our value creation ratio was unchanged by the new accounting. The second quarter 2018 net income effect of fair value changes of equity securities, we still loan was a favorable $80 million a sharp reversal of the unfavorable $156 million we experienced in the first quarter of 2013. Drilling down a little more on interest income from our bond portfolio, the pre-tax average yield was 4.28% for the second quarter of 2018 down 14 basis points from last year's second quarter as many of our higher yielding bonds continue to be called or redeemed as a reach their maturity date. Second quarter 2018 interest income grew 1% in part due to $226 million in net purchases of bonds in the first six months of this year. Taxable bonds purchased during the second quarter 2018 had an average pre-tax yield of 4.68%, 93 basis points higher than we purchased for last year's second quarter. Tax exempt bonds purchased just average 3.72% up 39 basis points from a year ago. Cash flow from operating activities continued to provide funds for our investment portfolio. Funds generated from net operating cash flows for the first six months of 2018 totaled $464 million up $19 million or 4% for the same period a year ago. Turning to underwriting expense ratio, careful management of expenses continues to be a priority as is investing strategically in our business. Our second quarter 2018 property casualty underwriting expense ratio decreased by 0.5 percentage points versus the second quarter of 2017. Regarding loss reserves, our consistent approach to setting overall reserves again resulted in property casualty net favorable development on prior accident years. Second quarter 2018 favorable reserve development benefit our combined ratio by 2.6 percentage points and the six month 2018 benefit of 3.3% match the same period last year. Our commercial casualty line of business experienced $14 million of favorable reserve development. Most of our major lines of business have experience favorable reserve development in the first six months of 2018. On an all lives basis by accident year, it included 38% for accident year 2017, 15% for accident year 2016 and 47% for 2015 and prior accident years. In terms of capital management during the second quarter we repurchased nearly 1.6 million shares at an average price per share of $70.57 related to that and opportunities to modestly grow our commercial leasing and financing subsidiary, we used a small portion of capacity available from our $225 million line of credit. Our financial strength and financial flexibility remain excellent. As usual, I'll conclude with a summary of second quarter contributions to book value per share. They represent the main drivers of our value creation ratio. Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.17. Life insurance operations added $0.10, investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.39. Net investment gains and losses for the fixed income portfolio decreased book value per share by $0.38; net investment gains and losses for the equity portfolio increased book value by $0.51; and we declared $0.53 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value increase of $0.26 during the second quarter to $48.68 per share. Now I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. We are encouraged by our second quarter results as we see several positive trends that are building momentum. While there is still work to be done we have confidence in the future because of the outstanding independent agencies that represent our insurance companies and because of our capable dedicated associates who deliver excellent service daily to our agents and their clients. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you during the remainder of the year. As a reminder with Mike and me today are Ken Stecher, J.F. Scherer, Marty Mullin, Marty Hollenback and Teresa Hopper. Emily please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Arash Soleimani with KBW. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Arash Soleimani: Thank you. So first question I had was on the workers comp side, I saw that the growth there was negative the last few quarters, but it was positive this quarter. So just wanted to see if that's something that we should expect going forward. And what drove the growth there?
J.F. Scherer: Hi, Arash. This is JF. We're experiencing what a lot of carriers are experiencing the net rate decreases have moderated our growth. We're not as we've said in the past, we're not an aggressive writer work comp -- it comes along with the package business that we've gotten. We simply experienced some good new business growth overall in our commercial line segment and the workers comp came along with it. So we were pleased by that. We're not afraid of comp, but I don't think you'll see anything drastically different moving forward.
Arash Soleimani: And is it fair to expect that the core loss ratios there to continue being elevated year-over-year just given the pricing environment in that line of business?
J.F. Scherer: Yes. It's tough to keep up within that rate decreases that we're seeing there. On the other hand, I think we continue to see improvements on our lost cost from the initiatives we have in the claims area as well as loss control. So we're comfortable with how we're doing in comps, it's actually doing fairly well for us. So we're pleased with the outcome.
Arash Soleimani: Thanks. And on the commercial casualty side, it look like the core loss ratio there was better than it's been the last two quarters and you have favorable development this quarter as well. So is that just simply a factor of the initiatives you've been taking on the underwriting side bearing fruit and should we continue to see that type of sequential improvement.
J.F. Scherer: Yes. We're pretty pleased with how things are going on the commercial casualty. The loss activity we've seen has been a bit more in the umbrella area, some large claims most of those claims have been associated with commercial auto. So what we're spending a lot of time doing in addition to increasing rates on the commercial auto line itself is being a lot more careful about the underwriting side of things relative to scrutiny of drivers more loss control activity in the commercial auto area. And we think that that will pay off over time.
Arash Soleimani: Thanks. Just last question you mentioned in the prepared remarks but on the homeowner side, can you just go into a bit more detail about the trends there and what drove the core loss ratio and the reserve development?
J.F. Scherer: Well, once again in homeowners severity is the issue there. We've just seen an increase in the dollar value of the $1 million and higher claims that we have. We've taken a look at all of the claims that have occurred, review them, done post-mortem on all of it. There's a lot of variability in these large claims. So for example in looking back in full year 2015 million dollar plus claims doubled over '14 and then '16 was down 73%. So as we take a look at what's going on there, I would say first of all quite pleased with the initiatives we've got going in homeowners our entry into high net worth, the severity of the claims that we're seeing doesn't -- that doesn't worry us. We've just experienced a little elevated levels of that here of late. But all in all looking forward we're pleased with how things are going we think all the initiatives including rate increases and better inspection protocols will continue to pay off for us.
Arash Soleimani: Thanks. And when you say the $1 million plus -- are these claims on the high net worth side then and if so can you just maybe briefly talk about the profitability of the high net worth book versus the standard homeowner's book?
J.F. Scherer: When we talk about it. It's on both sides of it. And we have seen overall some elevated high net worth claims and most of these are fire losses by the way. But we're writing more high net worth and the homes are more valuable. But for example in the first quarter of the year, we had an increase of $12 million in these large claims and only 20% were from high net worth. So once again, these are highly variable. What we're seeing on the high net worth side in terms of -- in particular of the new high net worth business for writing in some of the newer states is progressing as we would have hoped to do. So no alarm bells are ringing here relative to what's going on there. We are seeing some variability and we're monitoring that as it goes on. As a result of it though we'll take a prudent approach in terms of how we're reserving, so the losses occur as you would expect out of us, we're very prudent and conservative about how we are reserving. We will continue to do that and then we'll see how things play out.
Arash Soleimani: And what's the premiums in force currently for high net worth?
Steve Johnston: On the homeowner side, its direct written premium through 6 months is about 83 million.
Arash Soleimani: Okay. Great. Thank you for the answers.
Steve Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Heleniak with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Steve Johnston: Good morning, Scott.
Operator: Mr. Heleniak, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Scott Heleniak: Oh, sorry about that. Good morning everyone.
Steve Johnston: Good morning.
Scott Heleniak: Just a quick question first on capital management. So you guys had some buybacks in the quarter you do those from time to time. Can we expect to see those more frequently. I know that's obviously depending on what happens with the stock, but how are you looking at those now versus in the past and how you weigh that up with uses of capital including special dividends over time?
Mike Sewell: Hey, great. This is Mike. Doing the buybacks it's a form of returning capital back to shareholders. Yes, with what we've done so far in 2018, it's a little less than 1.8 million shares. If I look back a couple of years in 2017 we did about 1 -- as we did 1.3 million shares, a year before that a little under 600, year before that there was a million. So we've been saying that we've been doing kind of maintenance which runs around say a million shares a year. And so far this year it's a little bit elevated not by a whole lot. And so it's really something we think about when we look at the time it depends on the circumstances, we've got the discretion and really being opportunistic about it when we look at the -- what those sale price or the price of the shares currently are. So on average it's been about a million-ish -- million shares a year and we'll just keep our eye on it and we'll take advantages when the price tells us to take advantage of it.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. And any thoughts on how you weigh that versus special dividends which you've done from time to time. Is there any underlying factor behind that as to -- when you declare those?
Mike Sewell: That's -- there's a couple of -- those two uses right there of using our capital, there's five uses. But the two of them you just hit on was dividends and buybacks. So the dividends we obviously we think about that every quarter. It's a board decision. So we talk about at the board -- the board kicks around the -- has been a special dividend to the last three years. And we do say that it's called a special dividend for a reason, it's special but it's actually actively discussed at the Board meetings and it's circumstances again based on how the company is doing and where we think we're headed.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. That's fair enough. Then I had a question two on personalized pricing, I think you mentioned that improved Q2 versus Q1. I wanted to see if that was both on the homeowners and the auto side. And is your outlook that that will accelerate further in the second half of the year. Because it depends on the company but some companies are actually talking about rates decelerating for them and you guys -- sounds like you guys are seeing the opposite a little bit.
Mike Sewell: As far as our rate increases are concerned, we would anticipate that the increases that we've been talking about will continue on both in home and auto and for that matter in commercial auto as well. Commercial auto is at the upper end of the single-digit range and that's in the second quarter that's on top of a similar type of a rate increase of the second quarter last year. So we're pretty comfortable with our strategy and rate increases. They're sticking our retention is -- continues to be in the areas that we wanted to be in. So we're pleased with the strategy there.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. And then, it's my last question -- was just on the expense ratio improvement for the quarter. I know that Q1 was you had the impact of the higher deferred acquisition costs and I think you mentioned that you thought the expense ratio would come from around the low 30s ones. It was a little bit better this quarter. So wondering if you have any comment on where that might be tracking for the rest of the year.
Mike Sewell: No. You're exactly right. I did make that comment in the first quarter that we thought it would be pretty close to a 31.1, which is where we ended up 2017. That's still we typically don't give a lot of guidance but I think that's probably fair if you -- you're building out your models this quarter being a little bit say lower at 30.5. There's some timing of when we spend things we're continuing to invest a lot of things going on in IT, innovation, predictive modeling. And so I could see it still being around that maybe a little bit lower, but I would not take 30.5 as an indication that the next two quarters will be the same.
Scott Heleniak: All right. Fair enough. That's helpful. Thanks a lot.
Mike Sewell: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Mike Zaremski: Hi, good morning.
Steve Johnston: Good morning, Mike.
Mike Zaremski: Regarding the reinsurance program you spoke to and I haven't gone to the 10-Q yet so maybe there's info there. But I'm sure -- how should we be thinking about that impacting the income statement if you do think it has a kind of material impact in the near term?
Steve Johnston: Yes. Thinking around that was we've got two relatively new businesses that we're ramping up with Cincinnati Re in our high net worth home. We're very confident in the management of both of those enterprises. But as you grow a business the premium volume is growing. It starts out smaller which leads to some variability in results. We've been very happy with both of those organizations. Those we were looking at it -- starting out with Cincinnati Re. And we have disclosed this I think well in our 10-K and so forth. You could have an event where the two combine for more than $100 million. And we've been writing Cincinnati Re in a very diversified fashion in terms of cat losses with the Cincinnati standard. But in the lower return periods you could have a combination of the two starting to add up. And the kind of came to light as we looked at the hurricanes last year really there was nothing that jumped out at us in terms of behavior there that was unexpected. We were quite happy with the way it worked out. For example with Aroma, the 10-K we had a $52 million loss, $33 million of it coming from the standard CIC Cincinnati Insurance, $19 million from Cincinnati Re. But as we do our modeling, we could see and this again is in the 10-K on Page 31, the one in 100 year event for the combined of the two would be $173 million with Cincinnati Re having a marginal contribution of $77 million. If we move out to the 1 in 250 year event, the combined goes up to $413 million, the marginal contribution from Cincinnati Re only goes up to $80 million showing the diversifying effect. But in those lower return periods you could see the numbers starting to add up. So we thought an aggregate cover would be beneficial. And so we bought part A of this $50 million aggregate with the $50 million excess of 125 for the combination of Cincinnati Standard and Cincinnati Re. And so we think that's very prudent in managing that volatility in the lower return periods. As we look further, we also thought well that the smaller amounts for Cincinnati Re could add up and so we bought an aggregate on just Cincinnati Re $25 million ex of $32 million. And then on the high net worth side, on the personalized side, we thought with earthquakes as a potential in California, the wildfires that we're seeing, the third part of the agreement would be $50 million ex of $10 million per occurrence for earthquakes, wildfires, brush fires in certain of the states out west, it would be California, Oregon, Washington and Nevada. Now the aggregate is $50 million. So there's only $50 million available in total for those 3 coverage parts. And we thought the pricing was reasonable and that is just slightly over $7 million for the entire cover and so we just thought it was good risk management and good management in terms of managing the volatility that could arise from the ramp up of these two new businesses that we're very confident in.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. That's very helpful color. Can we -- can you touch a little bit on commercial auto. I believe it reserves trended negatively and last quarter they were -- they trended -- they were more flattish. Anything jumping out at you that's changed?
Steve Johnston: I think we're continuing to feel good about the progress we're making in commercial auto. In terms of sequentially the accident quarter improved a bit. It's also down a little bit from where it was same quarter a year ago. On the current accident year basis, we did see some adverse development of 3.3 points on the prior accident years this time. And just the way we do reserves when we've seen some of this adverse development and as we reflect it we're cautious there and I think prudent in the pick of the current accident years, ultimate loss ratio and that would go for commercial auto and homeowners as JF described. So I think we're taking a prudent approach to the selection of our current accident year picks. But I think we're also confident when we see rates coming in the high single digit range all the work that's being done by our people in terms of mitigating the loss trend we feel we're ahead of the game there and are optimistic about the prospects for future improvement in the commercial auto.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Great. And then, lastly if we can -- if I can ask a question for the broader pricing environment and maybe this should be bifurcated personalize lines versus commercial. That's up to you. But are you at all surprised at the -- it feels like there's been more pricing power than I feel some people in industry expected at least from this -- from my vantage point given results or a lot of participants in the industry have been okay. And so it feels like maybe something is a little different this cycle. It feels like there is the carriers have been able to both keep retention in healthy levels and push pricing increases at a decent rate and x comp, workers comp obviously. So just kind of curious if you feel at a high level things have changed this cycle versus in the past.
Steve Johnston: I think we've just become better and more skilled at the way we underwrite -- the way we handle claims the way we price. And it's very much on a risk by risk, policy by policy basis. So sometimes the averages don't cover enough. They don't describe the whole distribution of what's going on risk by risk in our underwriting pricing claims departments in terms of just looking into every risk, what can we do to make sure that we understand the potential risk that we eliminate risk the way that we can and that's a win-win for us and the agent and their client. What can we do to mitigate risk that might happen? How can we price it appropriately risk by risk using our predictive models, our underwriting judgment, the application and the cost control and all the traditional underwriting measures? And I think by looking at it that granularly it gives the more appropriate price reflection over time.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Got it. So that seems like -- it's a -- it will make results more stable over time, but we shall see. Thanks for the color.
Steve Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Johnston.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Emily. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter call. Have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Emilie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer, you may begin your conference.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel at Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the Quarterly Results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you'll first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer; and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Cincinnati Insurance's Chief Insurance Officer, J.F. Scherer; Chief Claims Officer, Marty Mullen; and Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance, Theresa Hoffer. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules, and therefore, is not reconciled to GAAP. Now, I'll turn over the call to Steve.
Steven Justus Johnston: Good morning and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our first quarter results. Operating results for the first quarter of 2018 were better overall than a year ago and reflect improvement in several important areas. Although net income was a negative amount for the quarter, operating income rose 22%. New accounting requirements this quarter resulted in recognizing in net income the change in unrealized gains for equity securities. In the past, these would have been reported in other comprehensive income and Mike will comment further on that. Our 97.9% property casualty combined ratio for the first quarter of this year was nearly 2 points better than a year ago. While the effects of lower catastrophe losses through the end of March helped the combined ratio by 4.8 percentage points, other non-catastrophe weather effects increased by 3.5 points and weakened results in our commercial lines and personal lines segments. Before the combined effect of both these weather-related effects, our first quarter 2018 combined ratio decreased by 0.5 percentage points, compared with first quarter of 2017. We saw results improve for our auto lines of business, while our excess and surplus lines in life insurance segments, as well as Cincinnati Re continued to report solid results. At the same time, premium growth initiatives continued as planned and we reported another quarter of higher investment income. Our commercial lines segment reported a 1% decrease in net written premiums in the first quarter of 2018. Timing of processing several larger policies reduced what we report as renewal premiums, although most of those policies ultimately renewed during the first few weeks of the second quarter. As we noted several times in the past, written premium trends can vary significantly for larger policies. That variation also contributed to new business premiums a year ago, growing at an unusually high rate of 18% and creating a tough comparison for this year. Maintaining the underwriting discipline can also cause short-term variation in written premiums, but we remain confident in our agency centered model to produce profitable long-term growth. As many of you know, we have the opportunity to meet with many of our appointed agencies in the first part of each year at our sales meetings. As we travelled around the country, one message came through loud and clear, our agents are eager to do business with us and our various service enhancements are making it even easier for them to place their best accounts with us. We also know from history that new agency appointments provide growth over many years. We typically earn 10% or more of an agency's business within 10 years of a new appointment. That is powerful, especially considering that new appointments over the past five years collectively represent agencies that write more than $24 billion from all companies they represent. Our associates will remain focused on supporting the outstanding local independent agents, who represent Cincinnati Insurance, as they carefully underwrite each policy and provide personal service to agents and their clients. Pricing remain generally steady as overall commercial lines estimated average price increases were similar to the fourth quarter, with commercial auto remaining in the high-single-digit range. Our personal lines segment continued its pattern of renewal and new business premium growth with high net worth premiums leading the way in new business. Estimated average premium increases for personal lines in total were similar to the fourth quarter of 2017 with personal auto average rate increases remaining in the high-single-digit range. Our excess and surplus lines segment experienced another outstanding quarter with a combined ratio of 68.8% and premium growth of 15%. Cincinnati Re had another quarter of profitable underwriting and premium growth, including the combined ratio of 81.8%. Our life insurance subsidiary continued its steady contribution to net income with first quarter 2018, matching the year ago, despite a decrease in investment gains and it grew term life insurance earned premiums by 8%. We continue to see benefits of diversifying our business over time, through growth of our life company, our E&S and our reinsurance assumed division. Our primary measure of long-term financial performance, the value creation ratio was negative 2.7% for the first quarter. While net income before investment gain or losses contributed 1.5 percentage points, rising 0.1 percentage points compared with the first quarter of 2017, lower investment valuations during the quarter resulted in the investment gains or losses component contributing negative 4.0 percentage points, compared with the positive contribution of 2.7 points a year ago. We're keeping our focus on what we can influence, the profitable growth of our insurance business. By doing that, we created a steady flow of cash that our experienced investment professionals can put to work. While the market will have natural variations, we believe our strategy of investing in high-quality bonds and dividend yielding stocks, combined with managing premium growth, to maintain healthy underwriting profits will help us create value for shareholders far into the future. Next, our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell will highlight other important aspects of our financial performance and financial condition.
Michael James Sewell: Great. Thank you, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. First quarter 2018 was our 19th consecutive quarter of investment income growth with an increase of 1%, including 8% for dividend income. Following several quarters of increases in unrealized gains for our investment portfolio. The first quarter experienced a decrease in total investment gains of $412 million, before tax effects and nearly equal contributions from the bond and equity portfolios. Despite that decrease, we ended the quarter with a net appreciated value of nearly $3.1 billion, including more than $2.9 billion in our equity portfolio. During this quarter, we adopted the new accounting pronouncement ASU 2016-01, which effectively requires the change in unrealized gains and losses on equity securities to be reported in net income versus in other comprehensive income. Our value creation ratio continues to represent total return, it was not affected by the new accounting. Because we hold a larger amount of equities, our reported net income will be more volatile. But our non-GAAP operating income, we'll still exclude realized and unrealized gains and losses on investments, which we believe best reflects our core operating performance. To illustrate the volatility, consider that net income swung to a negative position in the first quarter 2018 reflecting a decrease of $156 million for the change in fair value of equity securities. Have the accounting standard been effective one quarter sooner, when stock market valuation to generally rising, our fourth quarter 2017 net income would have increased by $256 million. Taking a closer look at 1% growth in investment income. The bond portfolio's pretax average yield was 4.26% for the first quarter of 2018, down 23 basis points from last year's first quarter. That yield decline continues to reflect the effect of higher yielding bonds that are called or that mature. Taxable bonds purchased during the first three months of 2018 had an average pretax yield of 4.11%, 27 basis points lower than we experienced a year-ago. Tax-exempt bonds purchased averaged 3.32%, down 14 basis points from a year-ago. Cash flow from operating activities continue to provide funds for our investment portfolio. Funds generated from net operating cash flows for the first three months of 2018 totaled $154 million, up $18 million or 13% from the same period a year-ago. We continue to carefully manage expenses, while at the same time investing strategically in our business. Our first quarter 2018 property casualty underwriting expense ratio rose 0.6 percentage points from first quarter 2017, primarily due to a refinement in our deferred acquisition costs estimates and slower premium growth. As reported in our 10-K, we evaluate our capitalization of cost throughout the year. Absent amounts deferred total first quarter 2018 underwriting expenses relative to premiums were consistent with a year-ago. Next, I'll comment on loss reserves. While our consistent approach to setting overall reserves again resulted in first quarter 2018 property casualty net favorable development on prior accident years. The favorable reserve development benefit our combined ratio by 3.9 percentage points, 0.4 percentage point higher than what we averaged over the past three calendar years. It was against spread over most of our major lines of business and over several accident years, including 30% for accident year 2017, 15% for accident year 2016, and 55% for 2015 and prior accident years. Our commercial auto and in personal auto lines of business, each experienced a modest amount of favorable reserve development. For commercial casualty, our largest line of business, we maintain a prudent overall reserve position. And we have disclosed in several recent periods, rising paid losses prompted us to estimate the IBNR reserves at levels more likely to be adequate. For most prior accident years, we left IBNR reserves at levels that resulted in relatively small amounts of favorable or unfavorable prior accident year development during the first quarter of 2018. Accident years 2016 and prior in total represented net favorable development, while accident year 2017 was unfavorable due to several factors, including case reserve estimates for umbrella claims that rose more than we expected and drove the total prior accident year unfavorable development of $5 million. Commercial casualty paid loss amounts for the first quarter of 2018 were slightly less than a year-ago on both current accident year and prior accident year basis. But we prudently established IBNR reserves for the current accident year, approximately 10 percentage points higher than a year-ago. In terms of capital management, we continue an approach consistent with past both financial strength and financial flexibility, we're in excellent shape at the end of the quarter. During the first quarter, we repurchased a total of 200,000 shares at an average price per share of $73.72. As usual, I'll conclude with the summary of first quarter contributions to book value per share, they represent the main drivers of our value creation ratio. Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.14. Life insurance operations added $0.08. Investment income, other than life insurance from reduced by non-insurance items, contributed $0.42. Net investment gains for the fixed income portfolio decreased book value per share by $1.04. Net investment gains and losses for the equity portfolio decreased book value by $0.94. And we declared $0.53 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value decrease of $1.87 during the first quarter to $48.42 per share. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steven Justus Johnston: Thank you, Mike. While the first quarter had some noise in it, I'm encouraged by the steadiness of our results over the long-term. The key to this consistent results lies with our associates, who continue to deliver outstanding service to our agents and their clients, deepening our relationships with them. This spring we hosted associates from our commercial and personalized field marketing department and our loss control department at headquarters for training. I've enjoyed the opportunity to speak with them, and their enthusiasm for our company and our industry is catchy. Hearing their stories of success and the innovative approaches they take to overcoming challenges, enhances my belief that we have the people, the tools, and the strategies in place that will lead to long-term success. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions, and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you during the remainder of the year. As a reminder, with Mike, Dennis and me today are J.F. Scherer, Marty Mullen, Marty Hollenbeck and Theresa Hoffer. Emilie, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Arash Soleimani with KBW. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Steven Justus Johnston: Good morning, Arash.
Arash Soleimani: Just wanted to - you may have mentioned this I think in the prepared remarks. Was the decline in bond interest income simply just due to lower yields?
Martin Hollenbeck: This is Marty. Yeah, lower reinvestment yields, in the wake of the financial crisis 2008, 2009, we really loaded up now out of 10-year non-callable corporate paper, very attractive credit spreads. A lot of that paper is now kind of working its way back out of the portfolio. So it's - while we got some relief on purchase yields, we're still getting hit pretty hard on what we're losing to redemptions.
Arash Soleimani: So with that said, should we expect bond interest income to be down year-over-year for quarters two, three and four this year?
Martin Hollenbeck: It's going to be a challenge. I wouldn't go and kind of predict that just yet, one quarter into New Year. We're putting more money into the taxable end of the bond market. So it's going to be a fight. But it won't be much if we do get any increase. So - and it also depends on what interest continue to do.
Arash Soleimani: Okay. Thanks. And my next question is, you had mentioned that the decline in commercial premiums and from the timing of renewals. But you also mentioned some underwriting discipline. So I guess what I wanted to ask was, to what extent did the decline stemmed from conservatism in commercial, casualty premiums. And can you actually be selective in that line? Given that you're a package underwriter, does that make it a bit more challenging to be selective there?
J.F. Scherer: Arash, this is J.F. Yeah, it does make it tougher and the same would be true on the auto line. We have to weigh the entire package. So there may be lines of business where the auto is unprofitable, the rest of the package is profitable, and the same could be true for the casualty. In addition to the timing, and it can be big at times, some of our largest accounts renew in the first quarter of the year. So the timing issue Steve mentioned in the remarks played into it. I think relative to casualty, there is also some aggressive underwriting that we've been doing, for example, in the nursing homes for example. And they do represent in some cases the largest policies in the company. We've seen some negative trends there. And so, we've non-renewed a fair number, including the largest we had. And the accounts we're keeping, that we're comfortable with, we're getting larger increases on those, upwards of 20%. Opioid distributors or drug distributors is also a class of business. I should say just general drug distributors. But some states now are attacking the manufacturers of opioids as well as the distributors of opioids, drawing them into levels of responsibility that we wouldn't have contemplated. So we're getting off some of that business. So relative to your question on the casualty side, there are some pretty drastic steps that we're taking that affect our growth rate in commercial lines. If I can just take the time just to talk a little bit, just in general, growth of commercial lines. We've also taken a look at certain states for example, where the weather has been uncharacteristically bad. So we're getting off some risks that have large footprints of roofs [ph]. For example, one storey Lessor's-Risk-Only types of buildings that are more of a target, a disproportionate target for hail. Auto in general across the country is an area that we've been working very hard on. As was mentioned, our net rate increases in commercial auto is in the upper-single-digits. Even the mid-double-digits on some of the larger auto fleets that we have that are the most competed for. Yet we're retaining some of those double-digit increases. We measure the dollar inadequacy of our entire book of business, not only by a percentage, but just the total dollar inadequacy, for example on our commercial auto book of business. We've improved that by 53%, that inadequacy. But in the course of being aggressively priced, some of our commercial auto accounts have left and that impacts growth. An interesting statistics, we actually increased our new business in commercial auto, by 1.1% in the quarter. And that was following a 12.9% increase from 2016 to 2017. But the interesting thing was that we ensured 33% fewer vehicles, still got a 1% increase. And the vehicles that we wrote fewer of were the heavy trucks that are causing most of our loss ratio problems. So that's an area once again that affected the growth. Workers' comp as is widely reported, NCCI base rate declines on our book of business amounted to a negative 6.2%. Our net rate changes are not that bad, but still that's a headwind that affects the growth in commercial lines. In the positive area, on growth, we continue, as Steve mentioned in remarks, appointing more agents. Just in the last 3.25 years, we've appointed 287 agencies that represent $5.5 billion in total premium that they write. Submissions are up. The first quarter was a bit of a tough headwind as far as new business. We were up 18% in new business in the first quarter of 2017. But another positive that we would also point out is that our strongest growth in new business is in our lines of business that have the best margins. Management liability for example was up 28.6%, security up 19.4%, inland marine was up 10% in the first quarter. That's carrying a low-70s combined ratio. And that's following a 17.6% increase in 2017. So I hate to get wordy on here on everything. But there is just - there really were some positives, a really great sign from our viewpoint is that on Ohio, our most profitable state, we grew to 3.1% in commercial lines and new business was up 21%. So we're confident about the growth of commercial lines.
Arash Soleimani: Thanks. That was very thorough. And you had mentioned commercial auto a bit. Are we at somewhat of a turning point there, because I also noticed that this was the first time since early 2014 that you guys had favorable development in that line? So are we seeing some more stability there?
Steven Justus Johnston: This is Steve. And yes, I would agree with that.
Arash Soleimani: Okay. And on the workers comp that you mentioned. Do you have any comments, there are some reports of the NCCI pushing for rate decreases related to tax reform in several stages, if you have any comments on that, how much more pressure using that could add existing rate pressure in workers' comp?
Michael James Sewell: I can't say that I could give you any real true color on that. We've read the same thing as you've read. I haven't - and we haven't - I haven't been in any conversations around here as to exactly how much of an effect it could have a lot of reforms, obviously with the kinds of decreases we're seeing in base rates. We have to be careful. In the industry, some careers are paying incentive commissions going after comp very aggressively. I think, we're consistent year-in, year-out talking about comp is that we approach that line very conservatively. The headwinds of the rate decreases certainly are helping loss ratios. So we're just going to continue to be conservative. And make sure our underwriting guard doesn't go down.
Arash Soleimani: Thanks. And just one more, if I can slip it in before re-queuing, you had said in the release that large losses over $1 million were down, but the commercial casualty core loss ratio also increased by large amount as well more than I'd expected. So how do you reconcile those two, where the large losses were down with the core loss ratio is way up?
Steven Justus Johnston: Yes, I would say as we look at, you've seen some of the adverse development in that particular line of business, and our actuaries make to pick for the most recent accident year, they're taking that into consideration. And it was up - I think, it was up about 7.2 points over you pick for the first quarter of 2017. We think that prudent given just what we're seeing in the general trends on the line.
Arash Soleimani: Okay. That's clear. Thank you very much for the answer.
Steven Justus Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Paul Newsome: I was wondering, if you could just give us a little bit more detail on the non-cat weather. And I'm a little bit - I've seen this year a couple of the other regions I cover have also had sort of similar more issues. And I'm wondering, if it's more small commercial issue, it's more market commercial issue, because we didn't see some of these problems in the large - at least the companies - the large companies that have reported so far?
Steven Justus Johnston: Paul, I think, it may just be around the geography and so forth, because we did have freezing weather in January, there was a cat. But we notice that, we had a couple of cats in January, the total $18 million. The January non-cat weather was $27 million and there were in areas that were, let's say, adjacent, but not within the designated cat. So in areas where we're big, such as Ohio, Indiana, Michigan, Pennsylvania, New York about 57% of those non-cat weather losses were in the state. So I think, it is much. We go by the PCS definition of cat, in terms of everything from date to geography to cause a loss. And we just had losses, majority of them being of the freezing and collapse type they were just around that definition, but not in it.
Paul Newsome: Is there anything to the thought that, it does seem like everyone, at least the small commercial ones to be in small commercial? Again, I know there is this theme [ph] for this quarter, just a lot of companies saying they want to increase the size of their small commercial business. Are we seeing something new and different on a competitive perspective in small commercial?
Steven Justus Johnston: Well, I think, small commercials always being competitive, and that's certainly something that we compete for. And overtime, I don't know that I pick up the general increase right now and appetite for small commercial. But that's not to say, it isn't there, because as I've said over time, everyone is always competed for small commercial. So it's a very competitive space, and I think it will always has been continue to be.
Paul Newsome: Great. Thanks, guys. I appreciate the call.
Steven Justus Johnston: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Dwelle with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Mark Dwelle: Yeah, good morning. Just few questions. Mike, I think, you'd commented in related to the expense ratio that there was change in the DAC [ph] estimate. That's just one - that's a one-time impact of this quarter, is there an ongoing impact kind of the run rate in that.
Michael James Sewell: Yeah, that's a great question. And - but it is something to begin with that, we do look at our - the deferred amounts or deferred acquisition cost, and how we calculate that on a quarterly basis. And I think, we've indicated that in our 10-K. But we did our refinement in this period, we do survey our people and so forth look at where time has been spend, we do that throughout the year. So with the adjustment this quarter, you're right. It's almost an adjustment refinement in this period. It really should be smooth for the rest of the year, because we're capitalizing less, so what amortized less. And so we should be little smother throughout the year. I haven't really done an estimate of where we think, we'll be at the end of the year. However, I think the 31.9 is high. And we probably end up towards the end of the year slightly higher than where we ended up the full year 2017. So I'd look forward maybe in the 31.3, 31.4 area. But we're going to have to update that throughout the year.
Mark Dwelle: Okay. That's very helpful. Second question still staying in the commercial lines area. So the overall increase in the accident year loss ratio was about 5 points. And if I understand right, 3.5 points of that was sort of non-cat weather related losses are just reasonably understandable. And so then the remaining 1.5 points that's just getting the IBNR's rate and making a good solid loss pick. Or is there some element in mix? Or other change in there that's elevating that relative to last year?
Steven Justus Johnston: That's a very good observation, Mark. And I think, as we look at what we alluded to a little bit earlier in terms of that higher pick for the commercial casualty, as it went up by about 7.2 points for the current accident year. That had an impact of 2.4 loss ratio points for the entire commercial auto current accident years. So I think that that particular pick right there - commercial casualty that makes up the difference right there and then some.
Mark Dwelle: Okay. That's what I thought. And then, the last question I had really just more of environmental kind of question. In the current market environment, where kind of low-ish single-digit rate increases seem to be the broad prevailing theme. Is your three year policy is that relative advantage or relative disadvantage in this sort of market?
J.F. Scherer: Mark, it's J.F. I think, it's a relative advantage. Contrary to popular belief, people don't like to renew their insurance every single year. So I think, we view it year-in and year-out slightly soft markets, slightly hard markets is an advantage for the company, a lot more stability in the rates. We - so overall, when you consider all things, retention of the kinds of accounts we want to keep. The three year policy is a real positive.
Mark Dwelle: Okay. That's helpful. That's all my question. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman with Balyasny. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ian Gutterman: Hi, thanks. Mark just got one of my question, so just to confirm that J.F. So basically the pressure on the IBNR and commercial casualty is probably continues throughout the year, right, unless something, environment changes. So if I'm trying to think about year-over-year comps until you sort of get to Q4, we should be expecting pressure on the accident year obviously go, obviously forgetting what non-cat or fire might do in the quarter?
Steven Justus Johnston: This is Steve. And good question, Ian. But we look at those every quarter just based on their merits. And just try to pick our best estimate to that particular point in time. So we think we have right now, best estimate for the reserve position for commercial casualty as well as the other lines and for the current accident year, we'll see how the paid losses and claims produce themselves as we rolled through the year.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. But when you put this extra IBNR, I guess, I'm trying to understand maybe sort of the actuarial process. I guess, I'm trying to differentiate, as I guess, maybe between sort of a look at prior year reserves, right. You can see a problem, you can put up extra reserves, and that hopefully puts it in the past versus I would think if you're putting up more IBNR in new business that probably needs to continue at this higher level until the claims trend changes? Or did you sort of put up extra IBNR such a magnitude to sort of cover the full 12 months?
Steven Justus Johnston: I will not say that we put up extra IBNR to cover the full 12 months. I think, we just take it the way we see it. And then, as we see the second quarter unfold we'll just accordingly.
Ian Gutterman: Got it, okay. And then, can you just talk about related to just sort of what's causing these? You talked about sort of types of cases and so forth. But I was hoping maybe you could talk sort of about the - I guess, call litigation environment. But are we seeing, is it just that as the economies gotten better there has been more incidents of things? Or is it really more of - there has been some surprise settlements and - I'm sorry, surprise judgments and therefore the next settlement ends up being higher than in the past? Or is there a more fraud coming through or debatable fraud, I guess, maybe you can prove it. But that's forcing claims up where, it's harder to get in front of them. Just sort of on the ground, I guess, I'm wondering sort of what the trends are. It's basically are there bad actors out there, and sort of what are their tactics is, I guess, what I'm trying to get at.
Steven Justus Johnston: And think, speaking to the commercial casualty, I think, it's where we are hear the question. I think part of it is that - well, as all of the above there are a lot of different aspects of it. But if we look at it, say, an umbrella over commercial auto policies. And as we've seen issues with commercial auto over period of time. That is going to - than manifest itself in development on the umbrella. And so I think that's some what we saw here in the first quarter. We - you might have a late reported December type of commercial auto claim. There is an umbrella attaching. You find out later that the magnitude of it here in March is we investigate the claim and then you are kind of in the position, do you really want to take down that IBNR, this early in the year for unknown event or keep it up. So that you would have, what you would expect to be a sound in prudent estimate. So I think it's more just looking at the individual circumstances. And there are many of them, which you named a few. But I don't think it's anyone particular driver.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. So it's not like there are some new legal theory that plants are running with it, try to pull calls - I mean, they always are, right. But something that's been more successful, I guess, in normal that's poking holes in coverage or like you hear these stories about litigation funding. I don't know, if that's causing more aggressiveness or there is no sort of story like that. It's more sort of the normal stuff and it's just more elevated than usual?
Martin Mullen: This is Marty Mullen. Actually everything has been pretty steady on the litigation environment as far as coverage interpretations, and litigation breakdown. Our book is pretty broad. So the claims on the commercial casualty range from the umbrella over the auto - in commercial auto, which is just a little volatile. As you've seen the increase in commercial auto, the natural increases on the commercial casualty umbrella over that auto kind of walks along with that. But we're in about almost 40 states commercially. And the litigation environment state pretty consistent as far as the pitfalls. But there is really no adverse liability changes in the venues that very significant.
Ian Gutterman: Okay, good. That was my main concern. So if I - I was going to move to investment, but I remember I have one quick numbers question. The decline in the other premiums in the commercial was bigger than usual. Can you just remind me what causes that?
Michael James Sewell: Yeah, for the most part in the others. So that's a reinsurance and then also just some other minor changes. So when you look at it in total 1%, the real driver was the renewals and the new premiums. But it's primarily reinsurance that's in the other.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. And is that most of your Q1 event, or should we expect a bigger drag from that other throughout the year?
Michael James Sewell: I'd say that's probably a little bit more of Q1, I mean, it's - those numbers are so small, it can bounce around a little bit. So yeah, I wouldn't focus too much on it.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. Just making sure. And then, so switching to investment side, I guess, first the accounting change, I get the impact in the quarter on the income statement, I just want to make sure on the balance sheet, it looks like $2 billion plus, one from essentially unrealized gains to retained earnings. Is that the right way to think about it?
Michael James Sewell: Yes, it is. So we move $2.5 billion from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings. And you really don't seeing any other effect. And that was a kind of 1/1/2018, an adjustment that you make at the beginning of the period. So there is really no other effect that you will see on the balance sheet.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. And then $2.5 billion that was sort of accumulative translation, I guess they call it that, right?
Michael James Sewell: Yeah, that's right. And that was net of tax. And so if you look back at our 10-K, in footnote 2 it was about $3.2 billion, I believe of gross unrealized gains related to our equity security. So net of tax that's how you get to the $2.5 billion.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. So the funny thing about…
Michael James Sewell: Now, I mean just - I'm sorry. And realize that that's just, I'll say recognizing for GAAP purposes. We've not recognized a, I'll call it a tax gain for IRS purposes.
Ian Gutterman: Exactly, exactly. So the funny thing about this, Mike, if I'm currently it is, I think for a long time we've all gotten used to sort of book value ex the AOCI being sort stable and book value having swings because of unrealized. Now, I guess, we're going to have two sources of swings. We're going to have bond swings the traditional way in AOCI. And then equity swings they will be essentially through. I mean, they'll go through I guess comprehensive, but they'll end up in retained earnings. So the book value ex-AOCI will have volatility too going forward. Is that the right way to think about it? Does it makes sense with that, what's going to happen?
Michael James Sewell: Yeah, yeah.
Ian Gutterman: Good.
Michael James Sewell: Right, yes. And so, it does add a lot more volatility, which probably doesn't make a whole lot of sense. But when we present our non-GAAP operating income, it's going to exclude the realized and un-realized no matter if it goes through the income statement or other comprehensive income. That will make it challenging a little bit more in the future that you can't just go to the balance sheet to equity and take out AOCI. So there is that split there. We did put into the Q this quarter there is a new chart in there, where we thought it would be helpful to have investment gains and losses. And then we stacked that on top of the unrealized investment gains and losses, which therefore you got your fixed equity, your fixed maturities there and your change in unrealized in the equities would be up in the investment gains and losses. But then you can see the grand total, which for this quarter was a negative $412 million. And then that, you will be able to see ties in with our VCR.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. I'll take a look at that, because I think that's the right way to look at it. If I could - I know I'm going long, but if I could squeeze one more in for Marty. Can you tell me - I could probably add it up, but you probably have it at the tip of your fingers. It seems like technology has become a bigger part of the equity portfolio, just when I look at the positions that have gotten bigger over time or new over time. Do you have that handy and just sort of what your comfort level is of how much tech you're willing to have?
Martin Hollenbeck: Yeah, I mean, it certainly has grown from what was literally zero probably 15 years ago to - it's still below market level. As of the end of the quarter, we were at 20.6% in information technology, which is 22.1% in the SMP. It's always been a tough sector for us to keep up with, based on the number of stocks in that sector that actually pay and grow dividends.
Ian Gutterman: Right.
Martin Hollenbeck: That has improved some. But we also have juggernauts like Amazon, which pays no dividend. Or obviously that's actually a discretionary, scratch that one. But Netflix, Facebook et cetera. A lot of these names we just can't own. So it's a limited pool, but we aggressively pursue, trying to at least approach a market way in that area.
Ian Gutterman: Okay, and the one thing I noticed on it was - it looks like, so you had owned Qualcomm for some time. But it looked like you bought a bunch of Broadcom. Was that a merger arb or was that China buy Qualcomm on the cheap through Broadcom. I'm just sort of curious what the motivation was, given there is a lot of news going on there.
Martin Hollenbeck: Yeah, we actually entered in Broadcom just prior to that merger announcement. We're still kind of checking out where we want to end up with that, those two positions.
Ian Gutterman: Okay, because I saw the combined position has become a big position. That's kind of what I would - so that to me. So, okay, great, thank you for all the time. I appreciate it.
Michael James Sewell: Hey, Ian, before you go.
Ian Gutterman: Yeah, yeah.
Michael James Sewell: Just FYI, so if you look at Page 54, which is in the MD&A, at your leisure; you'll see the new chart and we've broken it out in the details. And we actually indicate what is reported in net income and what's reported in AOCI. So we thought that would be beneficial for everyone out there.
Ian Gutterman: Yeah, that sounds great. I'll take a look. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Josh Shanker: Yeah, thank you. Good morning, everybody.
Steven Justus Johnston: Hey, Josh.
Josh Shanker: I want to ask a question about how your underwriters on the ground have flexibility with customers who buy more than one policy from you. To what extent are they pricing the rate change to the customer as opposed to the line of business? And would the pricing of a casualty product affects the pricing of a property product if there is a collection of products within a single customer?
J.F. Scherer: Josh, this is J.F. We model all aspects of the account, the property section, the casualty section, the auto section, the workers' comp section of the policy. So when the underwriter in the field would be quoted on a risk, they're going to get a predictive model score of price adequacy for all of those lines. And as you could imagine, when they couldn't make any discussion to put a piece of business on the books, there can be a little bit of, for lack of better words, horse trading between the lines of business. If you've got something that for whatever reason, we believe models vary adequately priced, 10%, 20% more than what we think. As far as pricing that we're looking at, it gives us flexibility to take away from, let's say, a line of business and give it back to an underpriced side. So it's - we take a look at each individual account, but by line of business. I hope that made sense.
Josh Shanker: What kind of discretion is in the underwriter's hands on the spot to negotiate with the client?
J.F. Scherer: A lot of it depends on the size of the account. If you're working on small business, the model pricing is awfully accurate. It's hard to really disagree with. And so, the underwriter is really probably rarely make or make very little changes there. The larger the account, the less homogenous the account, the more what you would call non-modeled attribute enter into the decision-making process. So in any company, the model only knows certain variables. So if you get a large account that has uniqueness to it that aren't contemplated in model pricing. Then the underwriter has flexibility to change the pricing and be more aggressive for example than what the model pricing might indicate. And by the same token, we have certain classes of business, certain risk that just because the underwriter has inspected the risk, worked with loss control on it, we actually don't like it that much. They'll increase what the model might say. We think it's satisfactory enough to write.
Josh Shanker: And has there been a technology rebuild in last few years that's making that easier to happen or where are you in terms of the on the ground flexibility in the moment for the underwriter.
J.F. Scherer: Well, our analytics area, our PARM that we call it, pricing and analytics, our actuarial department has done, make great strides relative to models, the expansion of the granularity of models, and our ability to communicate to our underwriters both inside and out. The analytics is necessary to make an informed decision. We model our entire book of business on a monthly basis. It's broken down by state. It's broken down by territory. It's broken down by agent. And it's broken down by underwriter and naturally by policy. So I think if you looked at us now versus five years ago, we've done - we continue to make great strides there.
Josh Shanker: Thank you very much for the answers. Take care.
J.F. Scherer: Thanks, Josh.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Michael Zaremski: Hi, gentlemen. Good afternoon.
Steven Justus Johnston: Good. Hello, Mike.
Michael Zaremski: I just wanted to ask one question on workers' comp. So your comments, you mentioned you're being cautious. And clearly that line is shrinking a little bit. But you have also done a great job turning that line around over the last number of years and it looks like it's throwing off a pretty good loss ratio. So I wanted to kind of clarity why you're being cautious. And just also I know that - I think there are some nuances with Ohio in terms of the workers' comp system there. So I wanted to better understand whether you are actually underweight workers' comp as a line of business for the company or is it just a - I'm looking at it, I'm running the numbers the wrong way and I have to do it state by state?
Steven Justus Johnston: Yeah, Mike, Ohio is a monopolistic state. So we don't write workers' comp on Ohio insurance. We have some agents in Ohio that write risk outside the State of Ohio, that we write workers' comp for. So considering the size of Ohio relative to the overall company, that's going to create an underweighting for workers' comp relative to our entire book of business. We've also historically took a very conservative approach on comp. And up until the time, and you make a good observation. We're doing pretty well in comp, thanks to some terrific claims initiatives that we put through, loss control initiatives. And as Josh mentioned earlier, the issue of modeling and analytics associated with the pricing of workers' comp, we've seen it go in the right direction. And when I say conservative, it's not as though we don't want to write comp. We do want to write comp, but we are seeing levels of aggressiveness in certain states and from certain companies that have us shaking our heads from time to time. So, I guess, the point that I wanted to make was that we're pretty pleased with the results we're getting in comp. But there was some mention in the - I think in the industry that it was - comp was becoming soft and it was profitable, now it's closing in on soft and unprofitable. And we just don't want to follow it into the unprofitable side. So we're a writer and we'll continue to be, but we're going to be cautious.
Michael Zaremski: Just to clarity then, are you - let's just remove Ohio completely, are you underweighting the line of business materially or no?
Steven Justus Johnston: I would say compared to the industry, we probably are. I don't know that number off the top of my head. But I think after having years of being especially conservative and not producing very good results, you'd go back into the 90s, when we would work with our agents, we would happily write the package in the auto. And we would suggest to the agent that if they wanted to put the comp with a mono-line carrier that was fine with us. As we've - since because of our capabilities in comp improved, we've also - we've been more aggressive here in the last 10, 15 years. Florida is a state for example that because of the environment down there, we don't write any comp there. And we're not active in California so - in commercial lines. We write some accounts out there from out-of-state agents, but we don't have agents on the ground there. So we'd also don't write workers' comp in the State of California.
Michael Zaremski: Okay, got it. Thank you for the color and all the best.
Steven Justus Johnston: All right, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arash Soleimani with KBW. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Arash Soleimani: I think just a quick follow-up on the comment you made on rates. Did you say that rates were stable from the fourth quarter to the first quarter or did you see any acceleration or change?
Steven Justus Johnston: We said they were stable.
Arash Soleimani: Okay. And then just wanted to make sure I understood the expense ratio comments properly. So you said 31.9% is high for the year. So it should come down from here. But the next three quarters should be - did you say that it should be pretty stable?
Michael James Sewell: Yeah, so it was high for the quarter, the 31.9% is high for the quarter. I think for the remaining three quarters, we'll see it a bit closer to where it has been back in 2017. If I were to look at the total - if I exclude what is being capitalized and differed, total expenses divided up by the premiums, it's pretty consistent from first quarter this year to first quarter last year.
Arash Soleimani: Okay. So was this first quarter kind of - you basically said you kind of did an analysis to see, hey, like where people are spending their time and what do we need to capitalize, or is this something that's kind of on an annual basis could cause some volatility, this kind of analysis?
Michael James Sewell: It's something that we actually do. Every quarter we're doing that and so, when it looks like we should actually then make an adjustment we do it. But we do surveys every quarter to make sure we're deferring the correct amount.
Arash Soleimani: Okay, I guess, I was just asking, because this quarter it seemed like it was a bigger adjustment than expected. So, I guess, I was just wondering what caused it to be a larger adjustment this time around.
Michael James Sewell: It's just the result of when we're doing our survey. So I would not view it as extraordinary. I'd kind of focus on a low 31 kind of a run rate right now.
Arash Soleimani: Okay. Great. Thanks for taking the follow-up.
Michael James Sewell: Yeah, great. Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back to our presenters.
Steven Justus Johnston: Okay. Thank you, Emilie. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. We hope to see some of you at our Annual Shareholders Meeting, which is Saturday, May 5 at the Cincinnati Art Museum. You're also welcome to listen to our webcast of the meeting available at cinfin.com/investors. We look forward to speaking with you again in our second quarter call. Thank you all very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-08 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dennis McDaniel – Investor Relations Officer Steve Johnston – President and Chief Executive Officer Mike Sewell – Chief Financial Officer J.F. Scherer – Chief Insurance Officer
Analysts: Anthony To – KBW Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jamie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer, you may begin your conference.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel from Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the Quarterly Results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you’ll first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer; and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including Chairman of the Board, Ken Stecher; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Cincinnati Insurance’s Chief Insurance Officer, J.F. Scherer; Chief Claims Officer, Marty Mullen; and Senior Vice President of Accounting, Theresa Hoffer are also on the call. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore, is not reconciled to GAAP. And now, I’ll turn the call to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Dennis, good morning. Thank you for joining us today to hear more about our fourth quarter 2017 results. Results for the year ended on a high note, with fourth quarter net income up significantly from a 22% increase in non-GAAP operating income plus a benefit of $495 million due to revaluation of net deferred tax liabilities from tax reform. Reflecting our record-high earnings and rising valuations of securities markets, we also reached a new record for book value at $50.29 per share. Our primary long-term measure of financial performance is our value creation ratio or VCR, which was 11.9% for the fourth quarter and 22.9% for full year 2017, with both periods benefiting by approximately seven percentage points from tax reform. VCR included favorable effects from rising valuations of securities markets, with full year 2017 contributions of 8.6 percentage points from our stock portfolio and 1.1 points from our bond portfolio. Investment income for the year at $609 million also reached a record level. Each of the items I just highlighted, plus strong performance from our insurance operations, which I’ll cover in a moment, was considered by our Board of Directors and factored into recent decisions to reward shareholders, including a special dividend paid in December and a 6% increase in the regular cash dividend declared in January. We continue to steadily grow premiums, and our fourth quarter 2017 property casualty combined ratio improved by more than three percentage points. Our fourth quarter 92.9% combined ratio helped improve full year 2017 to 97.5% for our five-year average of 94.6%, and we reported a 29th consecutive year of net favorable reserve development on prior accident years. Growth at 6% in 2017 net written premiums, contributed to a five year compound annual growth rate of 6.8%, nearly double the property casualty’s industry rate. We believe we can successfully balance prudent underwriting and business growth to improve on 2017 combined ratio before catastrophe effects for a 2018 GAAP combined ratio in the low- to mid-90% range. We also believe our 2018 property casualty premium growth rate can be within a percentage point of 2017. Our 2017 catastrophe loss ratio was a full point above the average of the previous 10 years. We recognize that weather, the significant changes in the industry market conditions that influence insurance policy pricing trends are some variables that will affect the property casualty results we ultimately report. While 2017 ended with many positives, we are closely watching our combined ratios before catastrophe effects, which rose three percentage points during 2017, and we are intensifying our efforts to move in the right direction. Most of our policies are written on a package or account basis, which includes coverages for more than one line of business. It’s important to manage profitability of each line of business within a package as well as for the account in total. In our opinion, there are several benefits to bundling coverages for insureds. Agencies and our clients appreciate dealing with a single insurance company to provide protection and service, and we seek to retain accounts while also addressing rate adequacy or policy terms and conditions as needed. We apply segmentation principles for each individual policy as underwriters seek to obtain relatively higher renewal pricing on expiring policies that are analytics, predictive models and underwriting expertise indicate have relatively weaker pricing. As an example of our segmentation efforts, I’ll share some pricing details about our general liability coverages, which represent the largest component of our commercial casualty line of business. The least adequately priced part of general liability according to our models averaged 2017 renewal price increases at a percentage in the high single-digit range. Those models indicate the bulk of our general liability business is at or near price adequacy, and average percentage price increases in the low single-digit range, while the most adequately priced portion averaged a small percentage price decrease. Results for our auto lines of business are starting to show improvement from rate increases and ongoing pricing precision efforts and will continue to direct additional attention to our commercial casualty line of business. Although still profitable, we believe commercial casualty will benefit from the same focused efforts we’ve applied successfully to our Worker’s Compensation and auto lines of business. Regarding profitability for commercial casualty. On Page 14 of our supplemental financial package, you can see a 3.5% percentage point increase in commercial casualty’s accident year 2017 total ratio for losses and loss expenses relative to the accident year 2016 measured at 12 months. You can see also a relatively small amount of net unfavorable reserve development on prior accident years. Our fourth quarter 2017 ratio is 0.9, representing $2 million; and a full year 2017 ratio of 1.0, representing $11 million. Similar to what we have disclosed in the past, rising paid losses prompted us to estimate the IBNR reserves at levels more likely to be adequate, and IBNR represents 3.4 points of the 3.5 percentage point increase I just mentioned for the current accident year measure. Rising paid losses also drove the unfavorable reserve development on prior accident years. Here are the main takeaways for commercial casualty as we see it. Rising levels of paid amounts in related ratios for some of those more developed accident years influenced our estimate for reserves and resulted in what we believe is a prudent reserve position. Our commercial casualty full year 2017 loss and loss expense ratio of 63.9% combined with an estimated underwriting expense ratio of 32 points or so, indicates an estimated combined ratio of approximately 96%. By intensifying our segmentation efforts, we aim to improve profitability over time. Each of our insurance segments experienced another quarter and year of what we consider to be healthy premium growth. For our commercial lines segment, net written premium growth was 3% for both the fourth quarter and full year 2017, with the full year combined ratio of 96.4%. Overall, commercial line’s estimated average price increases were similar to the third quarter, with commercial auto remaining in the high single-digit range. For our personal lines segment, 9% fourth quarter net written premium growth contributed to full year 2017 growth of 8%. The full year 2017 combined ratio rose 1.6 percentage points with 1.5 points of that from catastrophe effects. Estimated average premium rate increases for personal lines in total were slightly higher than the third quarter of 2017, with personal auto average rate increases remaining in the high single-digit range. Policy retention rates for commercial and personal lines were similar to a year ago. For commercial lines, our 2017 policy retention continued near the high end of the mid-80% range. And for personal lines, it averaged approximately 90%. Our excess and surplus lines segment again reported excellent results, with double-digit growth and net written premiums for both the fourth quarter and full year of 2017 and a full year combined ratio slightly over 70%. Our life insurance subsidiary also made a strong contribution to net income, including a substantial portion of the overall benefit from tax reform and grew fourth quarter 2017 life insurance earned premiums by 11%. Cincinnati Re returned to profitability in the fourth quarter of 2017, following the quarter where profitability suffered from catastrophe loss effects of extreme weather. With this 87% fourth quarter combined ratio, Cincinnati Re made a nice contribution to our overall earnings. It continues to grow as we expected and helps diversify our business for smoother results over time. Regarding the significance of tax reform for Cincinnati Financial, I’ll highlight a few items and let Mike address effective tax rate assumptions applicable to 2018. As noted earlier, the revaluation of net deferred tax liabilities provided a boost to fourth quarter earnings and book value. Much of that benefit stem from the large amount of unrealized gains embedded in our common stock portfolio, highlighting some of the benefits of our equity investing approach, capital appreciation potential and a tax-efficient way of compounding investment income over the long-term. While we do not anticipate significant portfolio restructuring in the short run, we do believe we will likely allocate more new money into taxable over tax-exempt bonds. Our allocation to common stocks will remain unchanged. Also to the extent tax reform helps grow the U.S. economy that will create opportunities for profitable premium growth, which in turn can result in greater shareholder value creation. Next, our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, will comment on investor results – investment results, reserve development and other key areas of our financial performance and financial condition.
Mike Sewell: Great. Thank you, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Fourth quarter 2017 was our 18th consecutive quarter of investment income growth, rising 2% on both a quarter and full year basis. Dividend income was up 5% for the quarter and 6% for the year, and interest income was up 1% for both of those periods. Our equity portfolio’s unrealized gains continued to rise, up 14% for the quarter to more than $3.1 billion. The bond portfolio’s pretax average yield was 4.34% for the fourth quarter of 2017, down 18 basis points from last year’s fourth quarter. That yield decline continues to reflect the effect of higher yielding bonds that continue to be called or that mature. Taxable bonds purchased during 2017 had an average pretax yield of 3.88%, 23 basis points lower than we experienced a year ago. Tax-exempt bonds purchased averaged 3.29%, up 25 basis points from a year ago, while the total bond portfolio’s effective duration remained at 5.2 years we’ve reported in recent quarters. Cash flow from operating activities continue to provide funds for our investment portfolio. Funds generated from net operating cash flows on a full year basis again totaled more than $1 billion, down $63 million or 6% from 2016. A $102 million increase in catastrophe losses and loss expenses paid this year was the key contributor to the decrease. In our earnings news release, we disclosed an estimated 2018 effective tax rate for investment income of approximately 16%, assuming pretax investment income amounts and portfolio mix matches 2017. For all other income, we believe approximately 21% is the appropriate effective tax rate estimate for 2018. Recognizing that amounts of permanent book tax differences vary over time and could cause that estimated percentage to change. We continue to carefully manage expenses while at the same time investing strategically in our business. Our full year 2017 in property casualty underwriting expense ratios rose slightly, up 0.1 percentage point from 2016. Moving on to loss reserves. Our consistent approach to setting overall reserves again resulted in property casualty net favorable development on prior accident years for both the quarter and full year 2017. Favorable reserve development on a full year basis benefit our combined ratio by 2.5 percentage points, one percentage point lower than the average of the prior three years. In total, 2017 favorable reserve development continued to be spread over most of our major lines of businesses and over several accident years, including 43% for accident year 2016, 8% for accident year 2015, 19% for accident year 2014 and 30% for 2013 and prior accident years. Regarding capital management, our approach and financial strength remain stable. We continue to have excellent financial flexibility, including year-end holding company cash and marketable securities that rose 18% from a year ago. Our financial flexibility was increased by recent action by the Board of Directors, which we announced previously, expanding our share repurchase authorization by 15 million shares. To add a bit of perspective, the total repurchase authorization at the beginning of February at just over 17 million shares represents approximately 10% of total outstanding shares. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased a total of 300,000 shares at an average price per share of $72.45. Another aspect of capital management is providing liquidity in rare periods of extreme loss activity either from catastrophe events or unusually large individual claims. On January 1 of this year, we again renewed all of our primary property casualty treaties that transfer part of our risk to reinsurers. For both our per-risk treaties and our property catastrophe treaty, terms and conditions for 2018 are similar to 2017. Rates rose modestly on a percentage basis in the low single-digit range for the per-risk treaties and likewise for the property catastrophe treaty. To conclude, I’ll summarize fourth quarter contributions to book value per share. They represent the main drivers of our value creation ratio. Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.35. Life insurance operations added $0.06. Investment income, other than life insurance from reduced by non-insurance items, contributed $0.57. The change in unrealized gains at December 31 for the fixed income portfolio, net of realized gains and losses, decreased book value per share by $0.05. The change in unrealized gains at December 31 for the equity portfolio, net of realized gains and losses, increased book value by $1.48. Revaluation of our net deferred tax income – income tax liability as a result of tax reform increased book value by $3.02. And we declared $1 per share in dividends to shareholders, which included a $0.50 per share special dividend. The net effect was a book value increase of $4.43 during the fourth quarter to a record $50.29 per share. And now I’ll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thanks, Mike. As I said in my opening remarks, 2017 ended with many positives. We again achieved strong growth and accomplished a 6th year in a row of underwriting profit. We extended our record of annual dividend increases to 57 years, and we have already set the stage for a 58th year. Last week, A.M. Best recognized our capital strength and upward operating trends by affirming our A+ financial strength rating with a stable outlook and raising our issuer credit rating outlook to positive. The key to our consistent results lies with our associates, who continue to deliver outstanding service to our agents and their clients, deepening our relationships with our agents and executing on our strategies for long-term success. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you during the remainder of the year. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Ken Stecher, J.F. Scherer, Marty Mullen, Marty Hollenbeck and Theresa Hoffer. Jamie, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Arash Soleimani with KBW. Your line is open.
Anthony To: Hi, good morning, this is Anthony in for Arash. Thank you for taking my questions.
Steve Johnston: Good morning.
Anthony To: I wanted to touch on commercial casualty and was wondering if you can provide more color about what’s going on there in respect to loss trends. Specifically, I think you mentioned seeing elevated disparity. How much of that drove the increase?
J.F. Scherer: Anthony, this is J.F. Scherer. Yes, we’re seeing some severity. Some of the good signs we’re seeing, not only in commercial casualty but really across our entire book of business is improvement in frequency over our entire book of business. Despite the economy heating up, despite the fact that there are a lot of inexperienced and – drivers of driving cars and working in the construction industry, we think our underwriting has paid off in controlling the frequency. But there is a severity increase that we think, as Steve mentioned in his remarks, opportunity for rate increases are our most underpriced casualty part of our book of business. We think we can keep up with it.
Anthony To: Okay, thanks. And I guess to follow up on that, I think we previously spoke about 63% possibly being a suitable run rate. Should we now anticipate 67.5% as the new run rate? And also, why not take a larger charge in commercial casualty and call it a day?
Steve Johnston: I’m not sure, Anthony, I heard those run rates. I think that when we book a reserve, we do our best to do a consistent approach to book what we feel to be the best estimate that we have at the time, and we feel we have a good estimate. I think also, and kind of going back to my set comments, that I think to the extent we’ve seen rising trends, we’ve been able to address it and at the time when we’re – it’s still profitable. Now when we add an expected expense ratio there, we’re still under 100%. There are a lot of moving parts in there. And I think importantly, we have an agency strategy. Within that strategy, we sell most of our accounts on a package basis. Within that package, we have different lines of businesses, coverages moving in different directions. And we consider all those, look at every policy individually. And we feel confident that we’re in a position to address some of these rising trends that we see, we feel that we’ve booked them in our reserves, and we have confidence in the continuation of the profitability of the casualty line.
Anthony To: Okay. And is 6.75% the new kind of suitable run rate?
Steve Johnston: I’m not sure that we provide a run rate. We look at everything, and I think we gave a feeling for overall, where we think we can come in with a combined ratio in the low to mid 90s.
Anthony To: And I guess similarly, I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about the elevated core loss ratio and Worker’s Comp. And then specifically, what are your thoughts on the pace of state regular actions and how that’ll impact how you’re thinking about in terms of rates going forward?
J.F. Scherer: Yes, I think your point about the state regulatory action, the NCCI has been reducing loss cost factors for the industry, and we monitor that and use those for our rates. That is a headwind for us and for the industry. In addition to that, we’ve seen a pretty – what I would view is to be a fairly overheated market in the Worker’s Comp area, a lot of aggressive commission approaches that some companies are taking. So as we’ve talked about in the past, we’re a very conservative writer of. We have not allowed those loss cost decreases that NCCI has put through to completely go through our book of business, so we’re trying to maintain rates best we can there. I will say relative to new business, our new business writings, whatever we’re writing in new business and comp, has – we’ve been not paying a new business penalty there. In fact, it’s been more than adequately priced. So I think we’re anticipating that NCCI will continue to come out this year with lower rates, and we’re going to approach how we’ll manage our work comp – book of business conservatively as a result.
Anthony To: Okay, thank you. Lastly, I guess some housekeeping items. What was the current premiums in-force for high net worth? And then also, can you provide an update on, I guess, the progress of the 10 loss ratio points better than the non-high net worth personal lines business that you previously mentioned?
J.F. Scherer: Sure. We’re at $250 million in high net worth business now. What we’ve seen in terms of the results in our high net worth book of business is the states where we have open high net worth, our new areas of high net worth, are performing very well. Where we sell some elevated large losses in our personal lines book of business, and particularly in the high net worth, we’re in what I would have considered to be the more mass affluent part of that book of business. And with exception of one claim, in states where we’ve been active for a very long time and agencies we’ve been active for a very long time. And so we’re continuing to underwrite and re-underwrite the book of business we had on the book for some period of time. But as a general statement, very pleased with our results in high net worth, we have quality of business that we’re getting in states like downstate New York; New Jersey; Massachusetts is now open for high net worth; and in particular, California. And we’re very pleased with the quality of business we’re getting and the results we’re getting there as well.
Anthony To: Okay, thank you for the answers. I will return back to the queue.
J.F. Scherer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker: Yes, good morning, everyone.
Steve Johnston: Good morning, Josh.
Josh Shanker: Good morning. Just wanted to hear your thoughts on taxes impacting the pricing in areas where you guys compete in and what you think the long-term trajectory looks like.
Steve Johnston: This is Steve. And I think the taxes, the tax reform has been very good. I think it’s been most beneficial when we look at fairness. I think it’s really leveled the playing field. I think in terms of the pricing as we go forward, it comes down to elasticity of supply and demand. The perfect – in a perfectly elastic world, taxes would just flow through as another cost. I think probably the insurance industry is somewhere in the middle there. But I do think over a period of time, a portion of it certainly will pass through in terms of pricing. But I would emphasize it would be relative to where pricing would otherwise be rather than the current pricing level. We’re all in the area where there are positive loss cost trends, we’re taking rate. But I do think over time there is some elasticity in the P&C industry, and that rates will reflect that. And I think it’s a good thing because it will pass on the benefits of this tax reform to middle-class Americans. I think insurance is the quintessential middle-class product. And to the extent that the tax reform is beneficial in passing on some savings to the – to our consumers, I think it’s a good thing.
Josh Shanker: So just to clarify, you’re saying the ROE on the business will be the same even if the underwriting margins are different?
Steve Johnston: I didn’t comment on that directly, and there’s a lot of other variables that would play into that. I just think we’ll have to see how this plays out, but I do think it’s going to come down to elasticity of supply and demand. It’s a very competitive industry. As I look at television commercials, I wonder if there would even be television commercials if it wasn’t for the insurance industry. And it just is indicative of how competitive it is out there, taxes are a cost to the extent costs go down. And in a competitive environment, I think people will compete on a cost-based position. And we feel very optimistic about the impact of tax reform on our business in terms of not only directly on us in terms of tax rates but also on stimulation of business in the United States of which – that’s where we get most of our premiums from, that’s going to be good for us. The impact on our total return strategy and investing, that’s going to be good. Our investment income is going to have a positive effect and also on the underwriting results. So I think we’re just going to see how this plays out in a competitive environment.
Josh Shanker: Okay. Well, thank you and good luck with it.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Josh.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Scott Heleniak with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Scott Heleniak: Hi, good morning, thanks.
Steve Johnston: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Heleniak: Yes. The first question I just have was just generally about – most companies this quarter have talked about an improving economy starting to help the top line. I think you referenced that a little bit. And I just wonder if you might be able to quantify what that benefit was maybe this quarter and what it has been, whether you’re seeing a better incremental benefit now versus a few quarters ago.
Steve Johnston: Scott, I think it’s changing quickly enough. I would agree that it’s been beneficial. And I think even more importantly it’s – I believe it will be – it will continue to be beneficial and probably at an accelerating rate given the stimulating effect of the tax reform that we’ve had.
J.F. Scherer: Scott, this is J.F. I might add to that is – and this is part of what I made reference to, is that we are also watching carefully from an underwriting standpoint. One of the things that we’ve noticed in the improving economy in discussions with agents and they with their commercial contractor policyholders is that there’s a fairly significant shortage of workers out there. We’ve talked about it in the context of drivers. There’s a driver shortage. Consequently, we have to underwrite more aggressively and closely to make certain that we’re identifying inexperienced drivers. And the same would be true for general construction work or any other work involving, let’s say, labor that would be outside younger, inexperienced workers present an additional workers comp exposure, and so we are recognizing that and also underwriting more closely to reflect that.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. Yes, that makes sense. Definitely would have expect to see those kind of trends. The other question I had too along those lines a little bit was the – was about severity. You mentioned the commercial auto – commercial casualty, and I’m assuming commercial auto as well. So is that – are those the only places where you’re seeing that rise in severity? Is the rest of the book pretty much stable?
Steve Johnston: I think for most lines with changes in frequency and severity, in terms of our pricing, I think it’s more predictable when we focus on the loss cost trend, which is the combination of the two. And so we will try to break it down between frequency and severity. But I think we get a more stable result when we look at the long-term trend than just the overall combination or loss cost trend. And we think we’re in a position to keep pace with the loss cost trends. And from what I’ve seen from the – out of our models, they’re showing that we’re at least as adequately priced across most all of our lines. Worker’s Comp maybe an exception, but that’s at a very profitable level given the loss cost trends we’re seeing. We’re at least as adequately priced as we were a year ago.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. And was there any unusual change in non-cat claims year-over-year, non-cat property claims year-over-year? Was there – how did that look versus last year’s fourth quarter?
Steve Johnston: I think for the fourth quarter, it was fairly tame. Mike is looking up the numbers, but I don’t remember that, that would be a metric that jumped off the page at me.
Mike Sewell: Yes, you’re right, Steve. This is Mike. For the fourth quarter, our non-cat weather losses was about 1.9 points, and that is right on the five-year average at the end of 2017, or the end of 2016, which the five-year average was 1.8 points. So we were right on top of it.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. And my final question just is about reinsurance. And I know we talked about this a couple of months ago, but now we, I guess, have a better picture of the – what the market environment looks like, and you just had January 1 renewals. So you obviously got some nice traction on that business last year, over $100 million in premium, and just wondering if you could update us on how you’re looking at that business. Is there really big opportunity in 2018 to continue to scale that up by a reasonable amount as well?
Steve Johnston: Yes, great question. I think that we are going about it in a very prudent and conservative manner with the focus on profitability. I feel the same way that I had commented about it last quarter. The discipline is coming through in the 1/1 renewals. If I look at what we did in terms of our property cat book, we only added three new accounts at 1/1, and we declined 49 opportunities at 1/1 due to pricing. Another area where we got growth would be what we would call new contracts on existing clients, and we had two of those. But the preponderance of the growth came from existing clients where we either had some combination of expanding shares, some rate improvement, underlying growth of the companies that we’re reinsuring. So I’m happy with the way that we’re growing. It’s very much consistent, the way we drew up the strategy. We’re executing the plan with the idea that we want to grow the bottom line more so than the focus on the top line.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. Thanks.
Steve Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to Mr. Johnston for any closing remarks.
Steve Johnston: Okay. Thank you, Jamie. It’s just great to have everybody, and thank you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter 2018 call. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dennis McDaniel - IRO Steve Johnston - President & CEO Mike Sewell - CFO Marty Mullen - Chief Claims Officer J.F. Scherer - CIO, Cincinnati Insurance
Analysts: Arash Soleimani - KBW Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jane, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer, you may begin your conference.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel from Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website, cinfin.com/investors. And the shortest route to the information is the Quarterly Results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On today's call, you'll first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer; and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be given by others in the room with us, including Chairman of the Board, Ken Stecher; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Cincinnati Insurance's Chief Insurance Officer, J.F. Scherer; Chief Claims Officer, Marty Mullen; and Senior Vice President of Accounting, Theresa Hoffer. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. And now, I'll turn over the call over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Dennis and good morning. Thank you for joining us today to hear more about our third quarter 2017 results. While the past quarter presented challenges, we see several positives regarding future prospects from improved operating performance. First, our third quarter and nine months 2017 property casualty combined ratios stayed just 100% putting us in a good position to earn an underwriting profit for the sixth consecutive year consistent with one of our primary objectives. Second, we reported a nine month current accident year combined ratio before catastrophe losses of 91.1%. While that was 7/10 of a point higher than accident year 2016 at nine months, the higher ratio for losses of $1 million or more for claim largely contributed to that variance and we know large losses tend to vary, particularly over relatively short-term periods. We also gained confidence from internal reports and observations that our underwriters continue to obtain relatively higher renewal pricing on expiring policies that our models in judgment indicate at relatively weaker pricing, that's an ongoing result that's segmenting our portfolio of accounts through careful underwriting of risks covered by individual policies. I'll take a moment to comment on Cincinnati Re, our reinsurance assumed operation. Following a very favorable contribution to profit during the first two years since its inception, Cincinnati Re experienced a quarter of sizeable catastrophe loss effects which happened from time to time in the reinsurance industry. That loss experience was consistent with our models in projections for significant catastrophe events. Our underwriters and analysts are experienced subject matter experts to understand how the balance qualitative and quantitative aspects of reinsurance decision making. So far in 2017 we've assessed nearly 500 potential reinsurance transactions declining approximately 80% of them, a rate consistent with the prior two years. History shows that the tendency for firming reinsurance premium rates following periods similar to the recent spike and industry losses translates into near-term opportunity and we are well prepared to take advantage of it. We recognized the long-term benefits of risk diversification and Cincinnati Re should continue to help diversify our business in smooth results overtime. Turning to premium growth; we continue to grow premiums in a disciplined fashion for each of our churn segments. While overall premium growth for our commercial line segments slowed during the third quarter of 2017, renewal written premiums continue to rise and we reported a combined ratio of 95.2%. Overall, commercial lines estimated average price increases were similar to the second quarter with higher pricing for commercial auto, the notable exception. For our personalized segment, third quarter premium growth continues at a nice pace, the personalized 2017 combined ratio before catastrophe effects improved for both the third quarter and first nine months partially offsetting a higher level of catastrophe losses for both periods. Estimated average premium rate increases for personalized in total, were slightly higher than in the second quarter of 2017 with personal auto average rate increases reaching the high single-digit range. Our access and surplus like segment reported another should quarter of underwriting profit and premium growth. It has a nine months, 2017 combined of under 70%. Our life insurance subsidiary again, made a good contribution net income growing third quarter 2017 for life insurance earned premiums written by 5% and helping to diversify our earnings sources. Our primary measure of financial performance, the value creation was 3.1% for the third quarter and 10.3% for the first nine months of the year; we're still on PACE for another year that reaches our long-term target of 10% to 13% annual average. Despite the third quarter being a challenging one in terms of operating results for us and the P&C industry we continue to opportunities every day to deliver long-term value to shareholders and outstanding service to the agencies that represent a company and their clients. Next, our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, will highlight investment results, reserve development and other key areas of our financial performance and financial condition.
Mike Sewell: Great. Thank you, Steve and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Third quarter 2017 was our 17th consecutive quarter of investment income growth rising 3% for the quarter and 2% for the first nine months. Dividend income was up 10% for the quarter and interest income was up 1%. The double-digit growth in dividend income will make a tough comparison in 2018. Since the beginning of 2014, we've reported quarterly dividend growth ranging from 2% to 19%; such variability can result from irregular patents for dividend payment such as special dividends that can occur anytime. For our portfolio, they tend to occur in the fourth quarter. Our equity portfolio experienced another quarter of growth and unrealized gains, up 7% for the quarter to more than $2.7 billion. The bond portfolios pre-tax average yield was 4.43% for the third quarter of 2017, down 20 basis points from last year's third quarter. That yield decline reflects the effect of higher yielding bonds that continue to be called or that mature. While we've reported another quarter of interest income growth, the third quarter 1% growth rate is well below the recent peak of 4% we've reported for each of the first two quarters of last year. Taxable bonds purchased during the third quarter 2017 had an average pretax yield of 3.81% and purchase tax exempt bonds averaged 3.15% for a blended yield of 3.55% while bond portfolio effective duration did not change. Cash flow from operating activities continued to provide funds for our investment portfolio. Funds generated from net operating cash flows for the first nine months of 2017 totaled $746 million, down $89 million or 11% for the same period a year ago. A $103 million increase in catastrophe losses and loss expenses paid this year was a key contributor to the decrease. Once again, we carefully managed expenses during the quarter while at the same time investing strategically in our business. Our third quarter and nine month 2017 property casualty underwriting expense ratios improved somewhat from comparable 2016 periods. Moving to loss reserves, our consistent approach to setting overall reserves again resulted in net favorable development on prior accident years. For the third quarter of 2017, favorable reserve development benefited our combined ratio by 1.6 percentage points, somewhat lower than a typical quarter in recent years. Development for each of our major lines of business was favorable with the exception of auto and also commercial casualty which is our largest line of business. Reserve development for commercial casualty was essentially flat for the third quarter of 2017 as we reported a net unfavorable amount of less than $1 million. Paid losses and loss expenses were higher than in any quarter since the beginning of 2015, in part, due to an increase in large losses. On a case incur basis, the ratio of losses and loss expenses was approximately two percentage points better than the first half of 2017 but remains approximately four points worse than the average for the prior two years. Yet for considering these trends for commercial casualty, we maintained our consistently prudent approach of setting reserves including IBNR reserves that resulted in basically no favorable or unfavorable prior accident year development for the quarter at a nine month current accident year loss and loss expense ratio of approximately two percentage points higher than the full year 2016. Our commercial casualty third quarter 2017 loss and loss expense ratio of 63.2%, combined with an estimated underwriting expense ratio of 32 points or so indicates an estimated combined ratio of approximately 95%. In total, favorable reserve development for the first nine months of 2017 continued to be spread over most of our major lines of business and over several accident years, including 53% for accident year 2016, 7% for accident year 2015, 19% for accident year 2014, and 21% for 2013, and prior accident years. Regarding capital management, our approach in financial strength remained stable. We have excellent financial flexibility including September 30 holding company cash and marketable securities that rose 16% from the year end 2016. To conclude, I'll summarize third quarter contributions to book value per share. They've represented the main drivers to our value creation ratio. Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.04. Life insurance operations also added $0.04. Investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.54. The change in unrealized gains at September 30 for the fixed income portfolio, net of realized gains and losses, increased book value per share by $0.05. The change in unrealized gains at September 30 for the equity portfolio, net of realized gains and losses increased book value by $0.72, and we declared $0.50 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value increase of $0.89 during the third quarter to a record $45.86 per share. And now I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. Before we open the call for questions, I'd like to thank our associates who work relentlessly to respond to our agents and policyholders affected by Hurricanes Harvey and Irma. With our client's team leading the way, associates from all across the company jumped into action and helped wherever they could. Storms of this magnitude leave widespread damage in the community and widespread concern about how to get back to normal. This is when our associates shine, calming those fares, upholding the reputation of our agents and delivering on the value of Cincinnati Insurance Policy. The starter of the fourth quarter didn't bring much relief to our country as communities continue to experience devastating loss from both Hurricane Nate and the California wildfires. Our hearts go out to the families and business including our own policyholders affected by these events. In terms of losses, we estimate insured losses for our company will be less than $1 million for each of these fourth quarter events. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you during the remainder of the year. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Ken Stecher, J. F. Scherer, Marty Mullen, Marty Hollenbeck and Theresa Hoffer. Jane, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Arash Soleimani from KBW. Go ahead, please, your line is open.
Arash Soleimani: Good morning. So I just had a couple of questions here; in terms of the commercial casualty line, I just wanted to talk about that a bit more. So I mean would you say that you're seeing kind of deteriorating trends there? Does the severity seems like it's actually ticking up or do you think this is more of a temporary issue? I just wanted to get a bit more color about what's happening with that line?
Steve Johnston: Arash, we feel good about the line. As Mike went over, the profitability is holding up well. Within commercial casualty there are a lot of parts there that are analyzed and moving in different directions but overall, I think while we do see some upward trends, we feel confident with the way that we're underwriting and executing and are confident in terms of the continuation of the profitability in the casualty line.
Arash Soleimani: So as mostly just kind of an uptick in severity, is that a fair characterization?
Mike Sewell: This is Mike. You know, it's really how much we review the severity but it's the -- we had a few more larger losses and so when you take a look at our losses that are $1 million or more, well, we had a few more of those during the current quarter and so we were prudent, we're not necessarily seeing a trend yet but we were prudent to releasing any IBNR reserves as some of those came through. I would probably say that some of those losses, there is not necessarily a trend whether it's geographic or with what it is but maybe I'll ask Marty Mullen if he's got any -- maybe kind of give a little color on the types of those large losses Marty?
Marty Mullen: Sure, thanks Mike. First, this third quarter we had 28 commercial lines claims, 17 of those large claims which categorized, there is main dollars or more were spread across the commercial lines. And to give you some example, nine of those were $1 million claims in commercial auto and other nine losses, eight were in different states. The same with the general liability, five of those large losses of over $1 million were in general liability lines and again, they were in five different states. So the claims are very diverse spread across our pattern and I think it's just one of those quarters that we saw a significant increase in those number of claims spread across the country.
Arash Soleimani: And is that 63%, I mean is that more or less like a fair run rate to assume for commercial casualty in terms of the core loss ratio?
Steve Johnston: Yes, you know, it maybe -- when you take a look at like let's say the last few quarters, it's ticked up a little bit. Again, I'd like to wait to see another couple of quarters and see where the large losses come in, see how our actuaries -- you know, we're going to follow their consistent approach and how they are setting but if you look at our loss expense ratio that's in our supplementary on Page 13, you know, looking at the last so many quarters, it's ranging from a low -- kind of in the low 50s up to the 60s, up 63.2%. But let's wait and see, it's a long-term line, let's -- we're going to follow what our actuaries say.
Arash Soleimani: Sure. And just in that same kind of question, are you seeing an uptake in jury awards?
Marty Mullen: Arash, this is Marty. I think we haven't seen a trend in that regard, there are certain jurisdictions that you certainly have to be more careful in making decisions to take a case to trial and certainly we're very cognizant of that and prudent in deciding which cases to take to trial depending on the facts and specific jurisdictions. So I think you still have to be careful in making those decisions in specific areas.
Arash Soleimani: Thanks for those answers. And just my last one was; for Cincinnati Re, the 1 in 250 net PML looks like it's actually below your 1 in 100 net PML. So I just wanted to see how you guys are accomplishing that.
Steve Johnston: I think that was in the 10-K and I think it had to do with the change in the loss per change in TVAR [ph], I'm getting kind of technical there but in terms of change in risks; so it wasn't necessarily a change in bar number.
Arash Soleimani: Okay. Alright, well, thank you very much for the answers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome from Sandler O'Neill. Go ahead please, your line is now open.
Paul Newsome: I wanted to ask about the possible expansion of the reinsurance business and specifically what sort of metrics are you using in terms of ROE or underwriting or what-not in terms of the volatility measures today to determine whether you want to be on a piece of business versus what you might be doing tomorrow? I'm wondering if there is any change there as well?
Mike Sewell: Good question, Paul. It will be a consistent approach. From the beginning, we've been very consistent in not focusing on growth but try to focus on profitability, to focus on returns with each contract. For example, we did not set up a specific company for Cincinnati Re with capital that had to be used for return, we try to look at each risk individually on the merits. As I mentioned in my opening comments, we've been very disciplined in the ones that we accept and a number of measures are looked at and will continue to be looked at. Obviously what do we estimate the expected combined ratio would be, we do look at as we're looking at lack of correlation with our regular business, we will look and try to estimate what we think the change in TVAR [ph], the 1 in 250 year will be in combination with our already existing book in terms of the capital needed, what type of return we can get on that, we look at rate on lines from a judgment factor. So, and to me it really always come down to the people and we have a very experienced team there that have been hired and are very confident in their ability going forward to be even in the stronger position than we are now. I think exception [ph] to-date was probably the worst quarter in memory in terms of reinsurance losses were maybe about $13 million in the whole inception [ph] to-date and that's something that really, with a good first quarter we could bring it back to breakeven or near breakeven by the end of the year and perfectly positioned I think as we move forward into next year.
Paul Newsome: Some related question; I think hard markets are primarily created by changes in perceived risk that changed underwriting methods, whether they'd be terms and conditions or pricing or what not? But there is usually something out there that says I need to change how I do my underwriting prospectively. Is there anything on the horizon from your perspective that would make you change this how you think about your underwriting and if so, doesn't that mean that there won't be a hard market? If not, if there is no -- if they are not going to change underwriting standards, wouldn't that preclude a hard market?
Mike Sewell: Well, I think that as we look going forward the same approaches will be used as I just went over. I do think it has been a wakeup call in terms of appreciation of risk. We had three hurricanes, two earthquakes, now we've had a four storm in Nate [ph], we've got wildfires; and I think are is just a little bit of renewed appreciation of what can happen all at the same time. And I think also it's been a long time since there was an event in Florida, things have changed there over that period of time in terms of what we're seeing with assignment of benefits and the recognition of what that can bring, different players settling claims and maybe a better appreciation of degree of adjustors that are available to settle the claims and what that means. So I think that there is kind of a wakeup call in terms of everybody understanding or being reminded of the type of risk that's out there but I do say in terms of our approach, it's going to be very consistent in to what we have done but we will recognize these factors.
Paul Newsome: Great, thank you very much.
Mike Sewell: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Scott Heleniak from RBC Capital Markets. Go ahead please, your line is open.
Scott Heleniak: Good morning. Just a question, a follow-up on reinsurance, it sounds like pricing is probably going to improve there, that's at least with -- everyone is kind of talking about. So just wondering how that might change your appetite, I know you mentioned it -- some comments on the call about that and specifically, your appetite for property reinsurance, I know the book has been sort of 50 property versus casualty but if you could talk about some of the growth you might see there if we do see better pricing in your appetite there?
Steve Johnston: To the disciplined approach Scott, I actually over timed. We started out at about 50-50 but now we're more casualty oriented than we are property. I think you know here more recently it's a good bit over 50% in the casualty lines. So, again I think we'll look in terms of -- does it diversify, how correlated it is, we'll run through everything we can to understand the risk quantitatively and qualitatively and really be a no pressure to grow. It will be interesting to see how affirming takes place, I am confident that there will be firming, I think we're -- it will be interesting to see is how broad is the firming relative to contracts that had losses versus contracts that didn't. How long might that affirming last with the capital that is out there, how might it move from the property to the casualty, I think there are lot of unknowns but I do think and agree with kind of the consensus that we will be in a affirming here certainly for the short to mid-term.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. And -- so would you say property is, what percentage of the reinsurance book would you say that is now around…
Mike Sewell: The property right now for 2017 year-to-date, the property is 38%, casualty is 53% and specialty is 9%.
Scott Heleniak: Okay, great. And then just switching to the high network personal lines unit; can you talk about where that is tracking versus your expectations and which you're expecting in 2018? Do you expect to continue to roll that out to new state or kind of just working on penetrating where you are mostly?
J.F. Scherer: Scott, this is JF. Things have gone as planned and we're pleased with what's going. In personal lines we were up 34% of new business this year, for example, high net worth was up not surprisingly a big percentage, almost 90%. California is up and running very nicely, we're pleased with reception we got out there, Massachusetts just went live, and Washington State in August went live. So we're now in all of the parts of the country that are centers of high net worth; Long Island, New York, Westchester County, New Jersey, Massachusetts, Texas and California. We'll continue to open other states that would be the kinds of states where secondary residences would be located; Colorado, Montana, Wyoming, places of that nature, Hawaii. So I think in terms of setting the infrastructure operate in good shape, out West for example, you heard Steve mention that we did not suffer many wildfire losses. We had some exposure in those areas but we've also established our wildfire defense services that will go out and protect individual homes with specific care, so we're pleased with the work that we've done there. So I think between our reputation as a company with agencies and we'll abandon who rules reputation in the industry. We've been able to get into all the agencies that we would like to get into, we're consistent approach there relative to -- relatively few number of appointments and we have a fairly -- thankfully, a fairly long list of agencies that do want to do business with us but we're committed to the initial appointments. So I think we're obviously pleased, the premiums coming in well, we're pleased with the quality of the business that we're riding there. So, I'd say it just starts -- it's been a great start.
Scott Heleniak: Okay, that's helpful. That's all I have, thanks. Good luck.
J.F. Scherer: Thanks.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Steve Johnston.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Jane, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our fourth quarter call. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dennis McDaniel - IRO Steve Johnston - President & CEO Mike Sewell - CFO J.F. Scherer - CIO, Cincinnati Insurance
Analysts: Arash Soleimani - KBW Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jessie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer, you may begin your conference.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel from Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. We issued a news release on our results along with our supplemental financial package, including the quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website, cinfin.com/investors. And the shortest route to the information is the Quarterly Results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On today's call, you'll first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer; and then, from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including Chief Insurance Officer for Cincinnati Insurance, J.F. Scherer; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; Chief Claims Officer for Cincinnati Insurance, Marty Mullen; and Senior Vice President of Accounting for Cincinnati Insurance, Theresa Hoffer. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. Now I'll turn over the call over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Good morning and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our second quarter results. We are pleased to report second quarter 2017 operating results that outperformed last year’s second quarter. Our 98.3% property casualty combined ratio for the second quarter of this year was a four points better than a year ago. It's also important to note that 98.3% was an improvement from the first quarter of 2017 despite an unfavorable effect from higher catastrophe losses. On a basis before catastrophe effects, our second quarter 2017 combined ratio was better than both the first quarter of this year and the fourth quarter of last year. We believe these improving trends bode well for the second half of 2017. Other good news for the second quarter of 2017 includes another solid quarter for our investment results and premium growth that continues to outpace the industry. Our associates continue their steady efforts to support the outstanding local independent agent who represent Cincinnati Insurance as they carefully underwrite each policy and provide personal service to agents and their clients. We believe we'll continue to see benefits over the long-term from our various initiatives designed to support profitable growth in each of our insurance segments. Our commercial lines segment grew net written premiums 2% and returned to producing an underwriting profit in the second quarter and for the first half of the year. Overall commercial lines estimated average pricing improve slightly from the first quarter of 2017 most notably for commercial auto. As Mike will explain further, our commercial casualty line of business returned to a more typical level of profitability. Although a high level of catastrophe losses continues to challenge our personalized segment, it reported another quarter of nice growth for both middle market and high net worth premiums. Estimated average pricing for personal lines in total was in line with the first quarter of 2017 again with significant personal auto rate increases were needed. Our excess and surplus lines segment reported another excellent quarter including a combined ratio of 66.2% and premium growth of 20%. Cincinnati Re logged another quarter of strong underwriting results with steady premium growth and the combined ratio just under 80%. The third quarter of 2017 marks two years since Cincinnati Re began assuming risk and generating premiums. Through the second quarter of this year, its cumulative net underwriting profit totaled $20 million on $183 million of net written premiums and an estimated combined ratio of 81%. Our life insurance subsidiary continued its steady contribution to net income while growing second quarter 2017 term life insurance earned premiums by 8%. The steady growth of our life company, our E&S Company, and our reinsurance assume division diversifies our business helping to smooth results over time. Our primary measure financial performance, the value creation ratio was 3.2% for the second quarter and 7.0% for the first half of the year. We are on pace for another year that reaches our long-term target of 10% to 13% in average. Each day brings new challenges to insurance companies. We see them as opportunities for our associates to compete and to deliver value to agencies and policyholders. We know that can translate into long-term shareholder value. Next our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, will highlight other key areas of our financial performance and financial condition.
Mike Sewell: Great. Thank you, Steve and thanks to all of you for joining us today. I'll start my remarks with some highlights of our investment results. Second quarter 2017 was our 16th consecutive quarter of investment income growth rising 1% for the quarter and 2% for the first six months. As in recent quarters, both interest and dividend income growth contributed or contributed to growth. Our equity portfolio again reported growth in unrealized gains, up 6% for the quarter to nearly $2.6 billion. The bond portfolios pre-tax average yield was 4.42% for the second quarter 2017, down 22 basis points from last year's second quarter. Taxable bonds purchased during the second quarter of 2017 had an average pre-tax yield of 3.75% and purchase tax exempt bonds averaged 3.33% for a blended yield of 3.53%. Our bond portfolio's effective duration at June 30th was 5.2 years matching March 31 and up slightly from five years at the end of December. Cash flow from operating activities continued to provide fund for our investment portfolio. Funds generated from net operating cash flows for the first six months of 2017 totaled $445 million, down $54 million or 11% from the first half of last year, an $85 million increase in catastrophe losses paid this year was a key contributor to the decrease. Careful management of expenses continues to be a priority including investing strategically in our business. Our second quarter 2017 property casualty underwriting expense ratio improved slightly and the six month ratio was in line with a year ago. Next I'll comment on reserves. We again experienced net favorable development on prior accident years as we apply a consistent approach to setting overall reserves. For the second quarter 2017, favorable reserve development benefited our combined ratio by 3.2 percentage points. That was down 1.2 points from a year ago but fairly close to the 3.5 points we averaged over the past three calendar years. Our largest line of business, commercial casualty returned to experiencing favorable reserve development for the second quarter of 2017 with a ratio of 2.5% that line was similar to its longer-term ratios which averaged 2.6 points over the past three calendar years. Our commercial casually second quarter 2017 loss and loss expense ratio of 57.7%, combined with an estimated underwriting expense ratio of 32 or so, indicates an estimated combined ratio of just under 90%. Favorable reserve development for the first six months of 2017 continued to be spread over most of our major lines of business and over several accident years including 51% for accident year 2016, 12% for accident year 2015, 15% for accident year 2014, and 22% for 2013, and prior accident years. Touching briefly on capital management, our approach in financial strength remained stable. During the second quarter we repurchased 800,000 shares at an average price per share of $69.73. As usual, I'll conclude with a summary of contributions during the second quarter to book value per share. They represent the main drivers of our value creation ratio. Property carefully underwriting increased book value by $0.09. Life insurance operations added $0.07. Investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.41. The change in unrealized gains at June 30 for the fixed income portfolio net of realized gains and losses increased book value per share by $0.29. The change in unrealized gains at June 30 for the equity portfolio, net of realized gains and losses increased book value by $0.54, and we declared $0.50 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value increase of $0.90 during the second quarter to a record $44.97 per share. And now I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. In closing our prepared remarks I'd like to share some additional positive news about our company. In June, S&P Global ratings affirmed is A plus financial strength rating for our standard market and life insurance subsidiaries and in April, A.M. Best affirmed with a stable outlook its rating of A Excellent for the Cincinnati Life Insurance Company. We were also pleased to be recognized for a six time by Forbes Magazine as one of the most trustworthy financial companies in America and to be included in the Fortune 500 for the second consecutive year. Our solid performance, combined with this news, gives us confidence that Cincinnati Financial is on track to deliver shareholder value far into the future. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you during the remainder of the year. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are J. F. Scherer, Marty Mullen, Marty Hollenbeck and Theresa Hoffer. Jessie, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Arash Soleimani with KBW. Your line is open.
Arash Soleimani: Good morning. Can you -- you would have high net worth premiums in-force, I know -- I think you had $7 million of new business license you get the in-force number.
Steve Johnston: We have let's see here estimating for the first half of the year, we have about $180 million -- $180 million in the high net worth segment.
Arash Soleimani: Thanks. And I saw the commercial casualty as you mentioned turned favorable for this quarter. I guess by just looking at the loss environment more broadly, are you seeing year-over-year changes in kind of inflation trends are you seeing juries paying higher awarding higher awards or any changes in that sense?
Steve Johnston: No we haven't. We haven’t noticed that to tell you the truth.
Operator: You next question comes from Scott Heleniak with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Scott Heleniak: Hi thanks, good morning. I'm just wondering if you could the E&S had a very good performance again, just wondering if you could go in any detail on some of the lines or the industry sectors where you’re seeing the performance where that's really standing out it comes to mind?
Steve Johnston: Did you say in the E&S segment?
Scott Heleniak: Yes, yes.
Steve Johnston: It’s largely casualty and casualty driven, we do point out that I don't know with 40%, 45% of the risk that we write in E&S policy on, we might have a standard Cincinnati policy, so there are a lot of situations where we'll write the property on a standard basis through Cincinnati Insurance, the casualty through the E&S company with appropriate terms and conditions but the largest percentage of the premium is in casualty and the E&S company.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. And then just wondering on E&S too, if you could talk about the -- some of the submission flow I would imagine you're getting a lot more looks of business given where the size of Cincinnati is, so just wondering if you might be able to comment on what you're seeing as far as new submission flow?
J. F. Scherer: Scott this is J. F. Scherer. The submission flow is up this year we're pleased about that. To tag on Steve's comments a little bit earlier, the -- I guess the classification if you will of the business we're writing is kind of reflective of a generalist approach that our agencies take. We don't really have a strategy of going after a line of business or an industry classification. We're pleased that that 44% of what we write in the E&S is attached to a P&C account but our agencies write closing non $3 billion in E&S business in their agencies in total. And so what we're trying to do just with the model we have is just to continue to compete for primarily that book of business that they already have, we think we've got a pretty good value proposition on the E&S side and do what we can to write that seasoned business just within those agencies right now. So we're very pleased with submission flow there's a lot of competition particularly in larger accounts in the E&S were carriers taking accounts out of the E&S business into the standard market. We've got a pretty conservative appetite in this I mean we're -- we I guess in some respects we play on the fringe of E&S versus standards that's not surprising that some of our accounts would go back into the standard market during a softer market the way that it is right now but notwithstanding the fact we're losing some of that business with the standard market where the submission flow obviously has been very good which has allowed us to grow nicely.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. And then I'm just wondering on the commercial lines that actually in your loss ratio look like that was up mostly because of property. Was there anything unusual in there just was that just kind of an uptick in non-cat weather you see any kind of large losses or anything in the quarter.
Steve Johnston: That was a good, good observation I think if you compare that the X cat actually your -- we had a very, very favorable quarter a year ago in the property with a 36.3% loss ratio. The 49.7% that were post this year is right in line with what you would normally expect. Maybe one other area where there were would be some large losses if we look to the personal lines to the other category we're up a little bit this year at 68.3% from where we were 42% a year ago and as we dig into that as some of the larger of umbrella losses. So, I think those would be the two points to describe other than the non-cat weather. I think I'd also like to make the point that if we just look at the X Cat exiting year for the quarter these are the longer-term trends, including each of full last three years it's very much in line.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. Yes, I want to just make sure I wasn't missing anything there but make sense but then just final last question was the tax rate was lower than I have been tracking was that just the share-based compensation accounting change rule that came into factor was there anything else one time in there.
Mike Sewell: Yes, this is Mike. What that really is, is when you take a look at the -- what's driving that primarily is the underwriting profit for this quarter compared to other quarter. So, that's really what dropped a little bit. You've got your preference items of the dividend received deduction or tax exempt interest et cetera but the more underwriting profit you have, the more that that's going to come in straight at the 35% less underwriting profit you'll have a little bit less, less or more. And then and so therefore you've got your, your change there.
Steve Johnston: Excuse me I might add we’d say municipals over corporate to some degree over the last 12 to 18 months so that's starting to have a little bit of an impact.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The next question comes from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker: Yes, thank you. I'm just understanding how your model works in relation to the rise of an insurance technology. There's a lot of your competitors who are investing in heavily in digital distribution platforms, artificial intelligence, claims handling whatnot and you guys have benefited from all time of a decentralized claims and distribution model. Do insurance technologies hope Cincinnati be competitive against peers or is this going to be a time change where Cincinnati is getting a change to stay competitive.
Steve Johnston: Good question Josh. We do see it as an opportunity. We do see people have tremendous financial assets on the line when they enter into an insurance agreement and we think that the as you mentioned a decentralized personal approach that we take to things both at the point of sale and during the claims as a competitive advantage. Having said that we just don't want to see disruption happen and we react to it so, we have actively sent our strategy team out to Silicon Valley to the various incubators we actually have one here in Cincinnati we've been up to Detroit to talk to those that are actually making the automated cars. So we're keeping our thumb on the polls and really what I see us doing is to take away the things that we learn, try to find opportunities in the claims area or whatever area it is that we could execute our personal touch business model better by better using technology.
Josh Shanker: Are there any specific investments that you're making right now?
Steve Johnston: We have some. I don't think I would like to go into the details on those but particularly in more efficient delivery in the claims area may be in the underwriting area as well, we are in the investment stage.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Steve Johnston: Very good. Thank you Jessie, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter call. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dennis McDaniel – Investor Relations Steve Johnston – President and Chief Executive Officer Mike Sewell – Chief Financial Officer Marty Mullen – Chief Claims Officer-Cincinnati Insurance J.F. Scherer – Chief Insurance Officer-Cincinnati Insurance Marty Hollenbeck – Chief Investment Officer
Analysts: Arash Soleimani – KBW Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets Ian Gutterman – Balyasny Fred Nelson – D.A. Davidson
Operator: Good morning. My name is Carol and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call for Cincinnati Financial. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] At this time I would like to turn the call over to Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel from Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you will first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer; and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including Cincinnati Financial Director, Jack Schiff, Jr.; Chairman of the Board, Ken Stecher; Chief Insurance Officer for Cincinnati Insurance, J.F. Scherer; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; Chief Claims Officer for Cincinnati Insurance, Marty Mullen; and Senior Vice President of Accounting for Cincinnati Insurance, Theresa Hoffer. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. And now I will turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Good morning and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our first quarter results. Operating profit for the quarter was well below our expectations, primarily due to severe weather as we previously reported. Starting the year with a 99.7% combined ratio, means we have work to do. And we remain confident that we have the expertise and agency partners that will lead to better results as the year progresses. We reported another quarter of strong investment performance. And Mike will highlight key items in a moment. Before that, I’ll note a few more important things regarding our insurance operations. We believe the rate of premium growth we reported for each of our insurance segments is healthy. That fast effort by underwriters in executing pricing precision for each policy is imperative. And their efforts also strengthen our confidence in selecting and pricing new business from our agencies. Pricing was generally consistent with the fourth quarter of 2016, a little stronger for some lines of business and a little weaker for others. As loss ratios for us in the industry indicate higher premium rates are most needed for commercial and personal auto policies. Our first quarter average renewal price increases for those two lines were the highest among our major lines of business. As I mentioned earlier elevated weather related catastrophe losses challenge both our commercial lines and personal line segments in the first quarter. However, our commercial line segment improved its current accident year combined ratio before catastrophe losses. We’re also satisfied with first quarter premium trends and the opportunities that our agencies continue to give us for profit growth. Our personal line segment also continue to see good growth in both middle market and high net worth premiums and we continue to see success in getting needed rate increases. Our excess and surplus lines segment continue to report outstanding results, with the first quarter 2017 combined ratio at 62.3% in steady premium growth. Underwriting results for Cincinnati Re were also outstanding with another quarter of nice premium growth and the combined ratio below 80%. For our life insurance subsidiary, while our operating revenues were flat for the first quarter of 2017 both segment profit and net income continue to rise. Our primary measure of financial performance, the value creation ratio was 3.8% for the first quarter, a good start for the year. It was nice to see another quarter of rising investment portfolio valuations, augment the 1.4% contribution from operating performance. Every associate remains focused on executing our strategy and delivering excellent personalized service to each stakeholder every day. As a result, we believe that shareholders will be rewarded over time. With that, our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, will comment on other areas of our financial performance and financial condition.
Mike Sewell: Great. Thank you, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. My comments began with some first quarter investment highlights. First quarter 2017 was our 15th consecutive quarter of investment income growth, as it rose 3% on a pretax basis and 4% on an after-tax basis. Similar to recent quarters, both interest and dividend income contributed to growth. Our equity portfolio experience another quarter of growth in unrealized gains, up 4% to $2.4 billion, despite harvesting a $149 million of appreciated stocks. The bond portfolio pretax average yield was 4.49% for the first quarter of 2017, down 16 basis points from last year’s first quarter. Taxable bonds purchased during the first three months of 2017 had an average pretax yield of 4.38% and purchase tax-exempt bonds averaged 3.46% for a blended yield of 3.93%. Cash flow from operating activities continue to provide funds for our investment portfolio. Funds generated from net operating cash flows for the first three months of 2017 below that $136 million about half as much as of first quarter of last year. Much of that decrease was due to higher than usual catastrophe losses in recent months. We continue to wisely manage the company’s discretionary expenses including strategic investments in our business that will enhance future success. Our first quarter 2017 property casualty underwriting expense ratio rose slightly up 0.2 percentage points, compared with a year ago. Transitioning to loss reserves, we continue to experience favorable development as we apply a consistent approach to setting overall reserves. For the first three months of 2017, favorable reserve development benefited the combined ratio by 3.4 percentage points, while that was a little later than a year ago, it’s very similar to the 3.5 points we average over the past three calendar years. Favorable reserve development for the first quarter was again spread over most of our major lines of business and over several accident years including 53% for accident year 2016, 21% for accident year 2015 and 26% for 2014 and prior accident years. One item I’d like to note regarding the first quarter result was an increase in prior accident year reserves for our commercial casualty line of business. That development was heavily influenced by an increase in commercial casualty large losses of $1 million or more per claim, split about evenly between accident year 2017 and prior accident years. We decided it was prudent to increase management’s best estimate of commercial casualty reserves, even though large losses are inherently variable. As we’ve disclosed in our Critical Accounting Estimates section of our 10-K large loss activity and trends are important factors to consider. Despite the large losses and reserve increases adding an estimated underwriting expense ratio of 32 points or so to the 66.3% loss and loss expense ratio we reported, indicates a first quarter estimated commercial casualty combined ratio of under 100%. As more data becomes available for those large losses will adjust estimates reserves up or down as appropriate. Large losses also increased for some other lines of business as a total for our commercial lines insurance segment rose 103%. We study those claims routinely and determine that the five largest ones were generally from well established agencies and accounts that we’ve insured for many years. Regarding capital management, our approach and financial strength remain stable. During the first quarter, we did repurchase 200,000 shares at an average price per share of $73.35. As usual, I’ll wrap up with a summary of contributions during the first quarter to book value per share. They represent the main drivers of our value creation ratio. Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.02. Life insurance operations added $0.06. Investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.39. The change in unrealized gains of March 31 for the fixed income portfolio net of realized gains and losses increased book value per share by $0.18. The change in unrealized gains at March 31 for the equity portfolio net of realized gains and losses increased book value by $0.97 and we declared $0.50 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value increase of $1.12 during the first quarter to a record $44.07 per share. And now I will turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. Well the insurance business will always be challenged by the weather or other forces investors, agents, associates and others can count on Cincinnati Financial to remain steady in execution of our strategy. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you during the remainder of the year. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Jack Schiff, Jr., Ken Stecher, J.F. Scherer, Marty Mullen, Marty Hollenbeck and Theresa Hoffer. Carol, please open the call for the questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from Arash Soleimani from KBW. Please go ahead. Arash Soleimani, your line is open.
Arash Soleimani: Thank you, good morning.
Steve Johnston: Good morning.
Arash Soleimani: So it looks like the core loss ratio had improved quite significantly within workers’ comp. Can you just talk about what was driving that was there anything unusual in there.
Steve Johnston: Good question, Arash. We didn’t see anything unusual, it’s been a line that we’ve given a lot of attention over the years, every area in the company has worked hard on workers’ comp and it’s just been really a profitable line for us. Things are going well and we’re taking a steady approach, so really nothing unusual.
Arash Soleimani: All right. And what kind of rates are you seeing in that line?
Steve Johnston: Well, actually rates given the profitability and so forth are down a little bit in the mid-single digit range right now. But we feel in terms of where we are against targets that we’re comfortable with that is a part of the overall package.
Arash Soleimani: Okay. And I know I think both ROI and Berkley commented that they’ve been seeing rising loss inflation. Is that consistent higher jury awards more aggressive playing to Cincinnati’s. Is that consistent with what you’re seeing as well?
Steve Johnston: I would say in terms of our inflation it’s been positive but we haven’t seen – I would call a big spike or anything – we have seen some things in our commercial casualty in terms of large losses that we have commented on our disclosure. But I don’t see it, in terms of necessarily being core driven or anything like that at this point, but we’ll continue as we [indiscernible] study that issue.
Arash Soleimani: Thanks. And can you just remind me in E&S, what specific lines are you writing in the E&S and then on top that the growth there what exactly is boosting that is there a specific initiative or – I just want some more color there, please.
Steve Johnston: Yes, we write more casually than property, it would then the excess and surplus lines our average premium would be in the $6,000 range. Although we do write larger policies, we like to say we write a wide spectrum of E&S policies that are written by our agencies. In terms of the growth I just think that team has really worked hard and just having boots on the ground and getting out and visiting with agencies. And I just think they’re working hard to generate the growth and generate the looks that we’re getting.
Arash Soleimani: All right, perfect. Thank you very much for the answers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Josh Shanker: Yes, thank you. I want to go back and spend a little bit and talk about what the thought was behind you guys are starting to put toad in the water on the reinsurance markets and whether or not given what’s going on reinsurance state, it still makes sense and I guess how it fits into the overall strategy for Cincinnati?
Steve Johnston: Thanks, Josh. Yes, with the reinsurance, as we’re seeing – we seek a diversified stream of revenue, a diversified stream of income it paid-off this quarter. Well, we have a concentration of our premiums in the Midwest and we are growing in other states to diversify both things like our excess and surplus lines company, things we do in management liability, surety help to diversify our income stream. And then also we see that from what we’re doing with our small reinsurance operation. Strategically, what we tried to do is hire a small team of very talented people and use in allocated capital approach where – as you point out, it is tough in the reinsurance business. But we think as the start-up with a very talented experienced people, a low expense ratio, we can look to the part of the reinsurance distribution that we feel confident that we can make a profit in, where we can understand the risk quantitatively and qualitatively without pressure to grow we’ve been set up a separate company or anything like that or give them any targets that they had to meet in terms of growth. We just said, use your experience, your contacts get a wide look at it what’s out there and do your best to just pick the most profitable ones. And as you can see just in – I’d say it’s about seven quarters they’ve build up a bank of about $15 million in profit just going about their business in a very selective way.
Josh Shanker: And is there – can you exist in that business without writing any premium, can you keep it – even if markets aren’t attractive without taking on new business.
Steve Johnston: We’ll take our new business, but only if we feel that it’s profitable. We don’t want to have pressure to write a certain number of contracts or certain amount of premium it’d be very selective and I don’t look at the reinsurance market there is a point estimate. I see it as a point estimate with the distribution around it and while that distribution and the point estimate is moved into softer territory, we think there are still plenty of risks within the reinsurance space. If you have talented people looking at them, bolstered by our A-plus rating that we can get good looks at business that we feel has a high propensity for profitability.
Josh Shanker: And maybe Marty can give us some updates and thoughts on the muni-market a little bit. And obviously, we really don’t know what’s going to happen with taxes here and what not but – any thoughts on opportunities to get in or out of various to insurance.
Marty Mullen: Josh, we’re definitely buy and hold, there’s an awful lot of frictions try to ever get out of muni’s. But we still find an attractive asset class on a risk adjusted – tax adjusted basis. And as you alluded to we don’t know yet how this whole tax reform will shake out. We’ll deal with that when there’s some more clarity, but we have been slightly favoring them over the last 12 months or so. So we still find value there.
Josh Shanker: Okay. Thank you very much. And good luck in 2017.
Marty Mullen: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Heleniak from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scott Heleniak: Hi, good morning. Thanks. Just a follow up with Marty, then on the investment side, just kind of where equities are right now just they’re sort of up – at the sort of upper end of your target right now to 35% of invested assets. And just wondering, what you’re thinking about your exposure there and how comfortable are you moving considerably higher than these levels. Are you comfortable with where you are now at right now?
Steve Johnston: We’re fairly comfortable, we have probably a little bit of room, when we look at it is more from a bottom up by subsidiary company rather than a top down aggregate view. So there’s regulatory concerns, rating agencies et cetera, number of factors that go into it. So I mean do for all the right reasons, we are kind of getting more towards the top end of what we would be have a range but we’re not mix out at this point now.
Scott Heleniak: Okay, yes. I mean that’s a good problem to have, I guess right. And then just a question to as one if you could touch more on the – you mentioned the large losses that commercial casualty at large claims in excess of $1 million. I just wonder if you could give a little more detail on the kind of the nature of those claims. What type of customer? What accident year? And is that something where you kind of only saw that recently or did you see signs of that at some point the last couple years as well?
J.F. Scherer: Scott, this is J.F. We do a post-mortem or a deep dive on really all the larger claims $500,000 in greater in the company. We took a look at the particularly the five largest claims we had in this quarter. And as was mentioned in the prepared remarks really no trends emerge there and the biggest claim we had been insured with us for 21 years and we found that that was the case on all of those claims. The agencies, once again long tenured agencies in fact one of them was an agency that started with the company in 1951. So we’re not seeing anything emerge from more newly appointed agencies. And of those five big claims, several of them have very good segregation possibilities, so we did – there wasn’t really anything going on with our particular policy holders, so much as that they were the victim, if you will but some bad exposures surrounding them. So we really do take a look at a lot of things, we’ve appointed a good number of agencies over the last several years. So we’re paying close attention to make certain at the quality of business that we’re getting from those agencies is consistent with what we’ve been used to. Certainly, we’re paying attention a lot of the pricing. We’re seeing all new business coming in. So from our standpoint – at least at this point, we’re going to continue to pay close attention to it. The number of larger claims, we had this quarter were random, just so happened that they occurred in this quarter. If you go back several quarters particularly in the greater than $5 million category we really had any, so nothing that we’ve found, we keep a close look on at them.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. That’s helpful. And then you touched a little bit on new business, which are strong. I think it was a record quarter and I know you had – a lot that was driven by new agency appointments this year? But is there anything else that kind of drove that pick up this quarter versus Q4, I know it was a little more regarded with that? So I was wondering if there’s any kind change or anything you can talk about specifically or was it just kind of wrapping up with new agents and seeing a little few or more opportunities?
J.F. Scherer: Well. Steve made reference to being elbow grease. I guess as much as anything else in the E&S side of things. We did process probably a little more than normal business, that was written in the fourth quarter that got processed in the first quarter. So it was a little bit of that that helped with the growth rate in the first quarter. Other than that maturing of agencies that we’ve appointed over the last several years, high net worth had a – is really having a very positive effect. As Steve mentioned, CSU continues to do very well. I think a lot of agencies just continue to embrace the strategy we have there. We’ve got a great model and we have a lot of field people out in the field. We’re adding field people on the E&S side that helps with new business. And but beyond that no, actually we’ve got no incentives out there. There aren’t any special deals that are commission driven. It’s just been good solid opportunities. I will say that in the marketplace right now that particularly driven by commercial auto there’s a lot of fairly sizable rate increases that are being requested by carriers, and that’s I think driving a little bit more shopping if you will agencies taking accounts to market perhaps than that would have been the same time last year. So we’re getting a decent add back to there. So but no, very good, we’re pleased with the new business. The pricing on it looks strong, loss control continues to be an even larger part of what we do in terms of profiling accounts. So we’re very comfortable with the rate of growth of new business.
Scott Heleniak: I guess people probably say, enough is enough with the rate increases for commercial auto and then start shopping around but – that’s all I have. Thanks a lot.
J.F. Scherer: Okay.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ian Gutterman from Balyasny. Please go ahead.
Ian Gutterman: All right, thank you. Maybe start off with follow-up on the reinsurance growth. Any color on the mix was a more property, more casualty event just where are you growing and is it most the quarter share I guess also?
Steve Johnston: Yes, it is mostly quarter share and it is very similar to what it has been and pretty close to an even mix in fact. I think it was 45% property this time. So, just again a good effort by the team and just scouring the market for good opportunities without really a focus on any one particular segment.
Ian Gutterman: Got it. And did the property component contributed out of the cats in the quarter?
Steve Johnston: No. I think that was part of the reason that the diversification is helping and not that the reinsurance won’t be subject to – a chance to have their term with catastrophe losses, they will. They’re in a different place, and so the hope would be, that we wouldn’t – would not have the Midwestern weather at the same time, we’re trying to keep the reinsurance as best we can out of the Midwest of your convicted storm. I wanted – one check you said, I want to make sure that your question was kind of didn’t contributed all, that was minimal, but Mike’s check and see it already.
Mike Sewell: It actually helped by about $1 million. So it was a favorable, so even better.
Steve Johnston: Even better.
Ian Gutterman: That’s a good problem. Just the last part of that one before I move on is, given it’s now $40 million of premium, that’s not – that far from the E&S. Is it big enough now where you consider breaking it out? It’s getting to the point where I feel I have to make a few guesses to get all the numbers to get underwriting income these days?
Mike Sewell: There are certain guidelines for – this is Mike – for breaking items out as separate segments, your party has always to go and if you really look at the accounting rules one could argue that E&S according to the accounting rules wouldn’t have to be broken out as a segment. So we’re going to kind of play that by a year. I’m not sure, I would take the $40 million that was written in the first quarter and just automatically times up by $4 million. We’re going to have to kind of wait and see what the team is doing the number of deals, the different sizes of the deals. And so we’re going to be watching that assessing it each quarter, but definitely every year as we report on our 10-K. But as it certainly it’s gets a little larger even if we leave it where it is, we will try to provide additional color on that.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. Fair enough. I was assuming that since this quarter of share it was $40 million, this could be pretty close to that throughout the year. So that’s not going to be the case then necessarily?
Mike Sewell: It may not be when you look at the some deal…
Ian Gutterman: Okay.
Mike Sewell: The deals that were abound in 2016 by quarter. I mean it was – I’m going to round it off and say it was about 20 deals per quarter, where were bound. Some higher, some lower, so we’ll look to kind of wait and see.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. And it’s…
Mike Sewell: Go ahead.
Ian Gutterman: Okay, thanks. I’m sorry. So the other thing I was going to ask about – the one thing that caught my eye in the quarter. I mean your paid losses were up pretty substantially up over 20% and from looking at the detail, it seems other than comp pretty much everything was up double digits. Any color on why the paid are growing so fast?
Steve Johnston: I would think it would be catastrophe losses that we had in the period that are – of the short tail nature would have an impact on that.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. The casualty was up a lot too though.
Steve Johnston: And I think…
Ian Gutterman: Casualty was 99% last year’s first quarter, 141% this time, so that’s 40% and adding to 10 year the adverse development where the cases that cause the adverse development that you not a pad on or?
Steve Johnston: We’re going to have to look a little deeper into that. I don’t know that I have that number right in front in terms of the page.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. Okay, the cats up, it doesn’t concern me that much, but obviously when you see casualty pick up at the same time reserves are getting a little tough it just made me wonder if there’s been something additional stressing the book. Okay, and it wasn’t tied to the large claims, I guess it looks like some of the over filing claims were also in the casualty book as well, right?
Steve Johnston: Right, and I don’t have the payout of – it would be good for us to look and see what the – where we are in terms of payout of those large casualty losses as well as some of the adverse development that we saw – where those paid out during the quarter. But I don’t have that absolutely.
Ian Gutterman: Okay.
Mike Sewell: Ian, two of the five claims that J.F. had mentioned on the five losses were comp.
Ian Gutterman: They were comp, actually. Okay, interesting. Okay and I was just going to ask two of those five claims was there – I know you mentioned that that they were – there wasn’t any survives correlation. But was there anything by region or size of client or where they more construction or none of the construction anything additional that stood out?
Marty Hollenbeck: Sure. This is Marty, in all the five claims, all five claims each one was in a different state. Two were comp, two were commercial fire. And then we had one general liability exposure. So that’s pretty much of spread.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. And so I’ll say, maybe the geo would be different, but those other ones off see it wouldn’t have been a legal verdict that weren’t against you or anything right? Maybe the geo could have been – but the others seem fairly straightforward I guess?
Marty Hollenbeck: Correct.
Ian Gutterman: Okay, good to know. I was aware that there were five lawsuits that when the wrong way, that would bother me more than worker’s comp. Okay, so just some bad luck it sounds like.
Marty Hollenbeck: Yes.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. Thank you.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, good questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Arash Soleimani from KBW. Please go ahead.
Arash Soleimani: Hi, I just wanted to ask, did you say already what premiums in force are now for your high net worth business?
Mike Sewell: No, we didn’t say that. Let’s see what we got. It would probably be around $150 million, I would say $150 million to $175 million.
Arash Soleimani: On an annual, okay.
Mike Sewell: Okay.
Arash Soleimani: Can you remind me, you mentioned this earlier but what the book yields versus new money yields are?
Steve Johnston: Current book yield all win is $451 million. And at Q1 we tend to break it out taxable was $438 million, tax-exempt $345 million. In fact of the high net worth, Arash, we were $118 million in annual premiums at year end. So we’re up a little bit from there. So dividing that by four and given a little bit of growth would give you a good estimate for your model.
Arash Soleimani: Okay, great. Thank you very much for the answers.
Steve Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Fred Nelson from D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Fred Nelson: Gentlemen and ladies, I can’t thank you enough for what you’ve done for people that I worked with over the last 25 years of the blessings. To recall that, I get a phenomenal and I just want to say to all of you thank you. It’s been a phenomenal journey and still continues. Now the next thing is, I’m in California and sanctuary cities, sanctuary states, homeless housing, free medical care, free bussing to hospitals, no property taxes, no insurance and maid service. Have you seen this any other place besides California and it is a California market is something that’s still offers opportunity.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Fred. As we’ve gone into California, we’ve gone in with the – our personal line segment. So far we have not seen the adverse items that you mentioned. But I do think we appreciate your input and will keep our eye on the ball and be alert for those type of things. We take input from a loyal Californian.
Fred Nelson: I went to my local water company and I said, we’re going have water rationing, and they said, how do you figure. I said, you’re going to have a city for homeless of approximately 30,000 to 50,000 people with free water, where is the water going to come from. And they said, oh, we never thought of that. It’s interesting, I’m here to help that’s all. So thank you, gentlemen and ladies.
Steve Johnston: Well, thank you Fred. We appreciate your help.
Operator: I have no questions left in queue at this time. I’ll turn the call back to Steve Johnston for closing remarks.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Carol. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. We hope to see some of you at our Annual Shareholders meeting, Saturday, May 6 at the Cincinnati Art Museum. And you’re also welcome to listen to our webcast at the meeting available at www.cinfin.com/investors. We look forward to speaking with you again on our second quarter call. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-09 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dennis McDaniel - Investor Relations Steve Johnston - President and Chief Executive Officer Mike Sewell - Chief Financial Officer J.F. Scherer - Chief Investment Officer, Cincinnati Insurance
Analysts: Arash Soleimani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets Fred Nelson - DA Davidson
Operator: Good morning. My name is Amy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cincinnati Financial Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. You may begin. 
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel from Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you will first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer; and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including Cincinnati Financial Director, Jack Schiff, Jr.; Chief Insurance Officer for Cincinnati Insurance, J.F. Scherer; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; Chief Claims Officer for Cincinnati Insurance, Marty Mullen; and Senior Vice President, Theresa Hoffer. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP.  And now I will turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our fourth quarter and full year 2016 results. While our 96.2% fourth quarter combined ratio was higher than we like, weather effects are inherently variable and we are comfortable with taking a more prudent position on loss reserves for various parts of our business. We find it satisfying that the full year 2016 combined ratio before catastrophe losses improved compared to 2015 while we steadily improved our premium growth. On a calendar year basis, our 2016 combined ratio before catastrophe losses improved by 0.1 percentage points to 87.3%. On a current accident year basis, our 2016 combined ratio before catastrophe losses improved by 0.5 percentage points to 90.8%. We believe we can successfully balance prudent underwriting and business growth to maintain our 2017 combined ratio in the low to mid 90% range and maintain or slightly improve on the 2016 result before catastrophe effects. We also believe our 2017 property casualty premium growth rate can be within a percentage point of 2016. Our full year 2016 catastrophe loss ratio was 1.6 percentage points above the average of the previous 10 years. We recognize that weather and significant changes in industry market conditions that influence insurance policy pricing trends are some variables that will affect the property casualty results we ultimately report. While our reserve development on catastrophe losses during the fourth quarter 2016 was favorable, the quarter was unusual in the sense that we experienced loss effects from significant catastrophe events so late in the year. Early in the quarter, we announced a preliminary estimate of Hurricane Matthew losses with a range midpoint of $52.5 million. Our year-end 2016 estimate was $48 million, including $3 million for Cincinnati Re. Our fourth quarter results also included $9 million of favorable development in total for two large second quarter 2016 events and $4 million for events prior to 2016. It was great to see another quarter of good overall investment performance and Mike will be adding comments regarding investment income growth and portfolio valuation gains. As usual, I will highlight several important areas of our insurance operations. Each of our insurance segments experienced another quarter and year of what we consider to be healthy premium growth. Ongoing efforts toward greater pricing precision allow us to underwrite each individual policy with confidence.  Property casualty new business written premiums for the fourth quarter of 2016 were down 4% from a year ago when we reported a strong growth of 15%. We believe it is more meaningful to look at longer time periods and on a full year basis, new business written premiums were up 4%. Policy retention rates for commercial and personal lines were fairly consistent with a year ago. For commercial lines, our policy retention continued near the high end of the mid-80% range and for personal lines, it continued in a low to mid 90% range. Pricing in the fourth quarter was generally in line with the third quarter. Consistent with where loss ratios for us and the industry indicate the most need for higher premium rates, our commercial auto and personal auto policies experienced fourth quarter average renewal price increases that were the highest among our major lines of business. Both had average percentage increases in the mid-single digit range with personal auto near the high end of that range.  Cincinnati Re continued to grow as planned and made a nice contribution to property casualty underwriting profit with combined ratios of 84.7% for the fourth quarter and 82.5% for full year 2016. Our seasoned team of reinsurance underwriting and analytics professionals produced $71 million of well-diversified net written premiums in 2016. Nearly half of the 2016 premiums are for property exposures that do include risk of loss from natural catastrophes. The remainder is primarily for casualty exposures from various liability risks. Our personal line segment continues to be fundamentally made up of middle-market accounts that represent nearly 90% of our personal lines premium with both the homeowner and other personal lines book producing a healthy underwriting profit. Our personal lines operation also continued to perform as planned in its expansion of personalized products and services offered to our agencies' higher net worth clients. In 2016, we improved our high net worth offerings in nearly all of the states where agencies have actively marketed our personal lines products for many years by introducing endorsements which provide agents the option to add coverages similar to our executive Capstone product suite. In addition, we successfully launched the full Capstone product to agents in New Jersey, California and Colorado. The reception by California agencies was particularly enthusiastic. They produced $2 million in 2016 premiums written in aggregate for us in just five months. We will continue our steady progress in 2017 bringing the Capstone product to agents in Texas, Massachusetts, Washington State and Washington DC. Performance was again quite good for our commercial lines segment with full year combined ratio below 95% and our excess and surplus lines segment had another excellent year with a combined ratio below 70%. For our life insurance subsidiary, full year 2016 earned premiums grew 9% and net income grew by 17%. On January 01 of this year, we again renewed all of our primary property casualty treaties that transfer part of our risk to reinsurers. For both our pro-risk treaties and our property catastrophe treaty, terms and conditions, as well as rates for 2017 are similar to 2016. During January, we replaced our existing catastrophe bond program with a new collateralized reinsurance structure providing $200 million of earthquake coverage and $80 million of severe convective storm coverage. The coverage period is for three years and expires December 31, 2019. The earthquake coverage applies to all states except California and the severe convective storm coverage applies to all states except Florida. The storm aggregate coverage provides loss recovery with storm losses for all events in aggregate exceeding $190 million after an $8 million deductible per event. In conclusion, our primary measure of long-term financial performance, the value creation ratio, was 14.5% for full-year 2016. Contributions included 7.9 percentage points from operating income, 6.8 points from our stock portfolio and negative 0.2 points from our bond portfolio. For 2017 and beyond, we will continue to diligently manage insurance profitability and drive premium growth. We think our insurance business is in excellent shape and we remain quite confident that the steady efforts of our outstanding associates working with what we believe are the best independent agencies in the business will continue to produce excellent financial performance to benefit shareholders and all other stakeholders. With that, our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, will comment on other areas of our financial performance.
Mike Sewell: Great. Thank you, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. I will begin my comments with a few fourth quarter investment highlights. Fourth quarter 2016 was our 14th consecutive quarter of investment income growth, rising 2% on a pretax basis and bringing full-year growth to 4%. That growth continues to reflect an increase in both interest and dividend income. Our equity portfolio experienced 10% growth in unrealized gains and offset about two-thirds of the $314 million decrease in the bond portfolio's pretax unrealized gains. In total, we ended 2016 with a net unrealized gain of more than $2.6 billion before taxes, including more than $2.3 billion in our equity portfolio. The bond portfolio's pretax average yield reported at 4.52% for the fourth quarter was below the 4.66% from last year's fourth quarter. During the last half of 2016, we experienced an uptick in dispositions of higher-yielding bonds that were called by issuers contributing to that decline in average yield. Taxable bonds purchased during 2016 had an average pretax yield of 4.11%, 37 basis points lower than we experienced a year ago. Tax-exempt bonds purchased averaged 3.04%, 30 basis points lower than a year ago. And our bond portfolio's effective duration at December 31 was five years, up slightly from 4.9 years at the end of September. Cash flow from operating activities continued to provide funds for our investment portfolio. Funds generated from net operating cash flows for full-year 2016 rose 4% compared with a year ago and helped generate $442 million of net purchases of securities. As always, we work to carefully manage our expenses at the same time strategically investing in our business. Our full-year 2016 property casualty underwriting expense ratio rose slightly, up 0.1 percentage points compared with a year ago. Now for some comments on reserves for losses and loss expenses. 2016 was our 28th consecutive year of reporting favorable development as we continue our consistent approach to setting overall reserves. For full-year 2016, favorable reserve development benefited our combined ratio by 3.7 percentage points, down slightly from full-year 2015. Favorable reserve development for full-year 2016 occurred in all major lines of businesses except for auto and by accident year included 55% for accident year 2015, 24% for accident year 2014, 16% for accident year 2013 and 5% for 2012 and prior accident years. Overall, reserves at the end of December, including accident year 2016 and net of reinsurance ceded, rose 8% from last year with IBNR representing more than 60% of that increase. Various past disclosures described how historical paid loss patterns are a key assumption used to make projections necessary for estimating IBNR reserves. As we reported earlier, paid losses for commercial casualty emerged at levels higher than we previously expected. That included paid losses or reestimates of case reserves for a large 2007 umbrella claim and a large 2012 general liability claim that in recent months increased in aggregate by over $6 million. Considering updated loss data during the fourth quarter, we estimate a commercial casualty IBNR reserve for several accident years at levels more likely to be adequate compared with recent quarters. You can see in our financial supplement on page 17 that we recorded an increase of $56 million in commercial casualty total loss and loss expense reserve during the fourth quarter of 2016. Included in that $56 million was $45 million for IBNR, nearly as much as the $58 million we recorded for the first nine months of 2016. Despite those increases in reserves, our full-year 2016 loss and loss expense ratio for our commercial casualty line of business was 57.5%. Adding an estimated underwriting expense ratio of 31% or so indicates an estimated commercial casualty combined ratio of under 90%. Our assessment of the company's capital strength, liquidity and financial flexibility is that they remain at healthy levels. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased a total of 522,428 shares at an average price per share of $70.13. Capital management objectives continue to support the future profitable growth of our insurance operations, plus other areas such as returning capital to shareholders. I'll conclude my remarks with a summary of contributions during the fourth quarter to book value per share. They represent the main drivers of our value-creation ratio. Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.18. Life insurance operations added $0.09. Investment income other than life insurance and reduced by noninsurance items contributed $0.50. The change in unrealized gains at December 31 for the fixed income portfolio net of realized gains and losses decreased book value per share by $1.21. The change in unrealized gains at December 31 for the equity portfolio net of realized gains and losses increased book value by $0.63 and we declared $0.48 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value decrease of $0.29 during the fourth quarter to $42.95 per share. And now I will turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thanks, Mike. In concluding our prepared remarks, I want to again acknowledge our field claims professionals who work quickly and compassionately to care for policyholders around the country who were impacted by catastrophes late in the year. They represented our company well and at the same time, strengthening the relationships we have with our independent agents. During the fourth quarter, we also received affirmation of our financial strength ratings from both A.M. Best Company and Fitch Ratings Services. With all major areas of the company performing well, we remain confident that we can deliver long-term shareholder value for years to come. The Board of Directors demonstrated that they share that confidence by recently increasing the quarterly cash dividend to $0.50 per share, setting the stage for 57 consecutive years of shareholder dividend increases by your company. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you during the remainder of the year. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Jack Schiff, Jr., J.F. Scherer, Marty Mullen, Marty Hollenbeck and Theresa Hoffer. Amy, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question today comes from the line of Arash Soleimani of KBW. Your line is open.
Arash Soleimani: Thanks. Good morning.
Steve Johnston: Good morning, Arash.
Arash Soleimani: Good morning. Just a few questions. So back to the commercial casualty. Is the takeaway there basically that we should not expect the adverse development there to continue, you kind of feel you've gotten a handle on it and it's now set at the appropriate levels going forward?
Steve Johnston: Yes, Arash, I think that's a fair way to say that. I think we took prudent action and we look at the long term. I think if we look at the full year, things look to be in a good position and with a streak of 28 years of consecutive favorable development, you can count us to take appropriate measure here in the short term to put ourselves in a position where we are good for the long term and as we look back at year-end 2016 and five years from now, we want to be able to look back at it and feel good about it and we feel we are in a good place.
Arash Soleimani: And the other question, so it looks like the core loss ratio there this quarter, excluding development, was 61.1% versus about 61.5% last year in the fourth quarter. Can you just talk about – just given the development issues that you had mentioned, what allowed it to actually go down on a core basis year-over-year?
Steve Johnston: Well, as our actuaries take a look at that, they are looking at all sorts of trends for many different years and so the development that we would see pertains to what we saw in paid loss trends that would go back to some of the years that Mike described in his prepared comments back 2012, 2007. So in addition to taking note of that, I think we prudently increased the IBNR. We could have taken those one-offs and kind of ignored that, but we took the opportunity to be prudent, increase the IBNR and that's not necessarily going to impact our view of the business as we currently stand for the current accident year. And I think also as Mike pointed out, we feel good about the profitability of the casualty line and we feel good about the solid reserve position we are in.
Arash Soleimani: Thanks. And can you just talk about – you had some expense ratio improvement in the quarter, just what drove that? Looks mostly within the commercial segment.
Mike Sewell: Yeah, sure. Yeah, on the expense ratio, we are increasing what we are spending currently right now and so it did go up a little bit for the year. So overall for the year, it was up 0.1, but, for the quarter, as you rightfully pointed out, it was down 0.4 and so some of that driver was because of some of the higher catastrophe losses that did occur in the fourth quarter, that did affect some of the profit sharing that goes out to the agents and so forth. So that was really – the main driver was that. So the higher losses in the fourth quarter.
Arash Soleimani: Thank you. And my very last question, the premium growth was a bit slower this quarter than it was in the past few quarters. Anything to read into there?
Steve Johnston: I think we still feel strong about our prospects for growth. I think we tend to again look to the longer term, look to the full year. We feel confident in our growth. And as I mentioned in my comments, we feel that we can be in that range of growth as we go forward into 2017 and just know that we are always going to prudently look at each policy that's presented to us risk by risk, try to make the best decisions we can, and we always counsel that the very next policy that we write we want to make sure that it’s priced well on a risk adjusted basis and we feel confident that we are doing that and feel good about both our prospects for growth and profitability going into 2017.
Arash Soleimani: Great. Thank you very much for the answers.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Arash. Great questions.
Arash Soleimani: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome of Sandler O'Neill. Your line is open.
Paul Newsome: Good morning.
Steve Johnston: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Newsome: Last year, you had a special dividend. This year, you didn't. I'm curious as to what was different in the thought pattern and as well as the facts this year versus last with respect to the dividend policy.
Steve Johnston: That's a good question, Paul. And we look at all of our dividend decisions very carefully. Last year – and we were trying our best to get the word out that it was a special dividend, that it was in reflection of operating performance in 2015 that was just what we felt to be above and beyond that 91.1% combined ratio that we posted in 2015 and we were really trying to make sure that we were communicating that it was, in fact, a one-time dividend that was reflective of that operating performance last year or specifically 2015. But we are going to, with our Board, be very thoughtful when it comes to all of our capital management decisions and that would include the regular dividend, repurchases, any other special dividends that we might do and we will keep a close eye and shareholders in mind there.
Paul Newsome: So does that then imply if we have another year, knock on wood, of a very low combined ratio in 2017 that there's a good chance for a special dividend at the end of the year?
Steve Johnston: I wouldn't say that. I would say that we will look at the operating performance, the capital position, tax rates, changes in the economy. Our Board is very good at looking at all considerations when it comes to dividends. Our streak of now going on 57 years of increases is something that we take very seriously and returning cash to current shareholders very seriously and so we will, in conjunction with the Board, look at all relevant operating and balance sheet and economy type information as we make our decisions.
Paul Newsome: And then I would like to beat the commercial casualty dead horse one more time. As I understand it, you had a couple of very large case reserves that proved deficient. Did those – could you give us a sense of how much those case reserves in particular would affect the view of what happened with the increase in IBNR, or were they completely excluded? It sounds like they were one-off, but maybe they weren't, maybe they were part of the bigger picture there as well.
Steve Johnston: Yes, it's good and it's good that we talk about it and it's a good question to raise again. I think one thing to keep in mind, when you look at – and you'll get a chance when the K comes out, Schedule P is available – when you look at the casualty line for every accident year at our initial pick, we are under that. We are under those initial pick numbers now. There's been favorable development. What we did see as we hit a bottom is those accident years aged. We did see some claims that emerged, but keep in mind that would be an increase of over where we had the year picked last year, but still well below the initial pick. So then you have a decision to make. Is that a one-off; is it something that we should just ignore? And I think given the prudence that we've displayed every year, the decision was more to be cautious and say is that maybe a forbearer of things to come and should we raise the IBNR, which we did and again emphasizing the point Mike made that we still feel very good about the prospects for commercial casualty, its profitability. As he put out the kind of hypothetical expense ratio there, we are running in the 90% range combined and feel good about it. But you know the way we are and we are not going to take anything that we see in the reserves lightly and we are going to react to them. We are not going to worry about the short-term as much as we are going to look at long-term. Everything we do involves long-term thinking.
Paul Newsome: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker: Yeah, good morning, everyone. How you doing today?
Steve Johnston: Good morning, Josh. We are doing well.
Josh Shanker: Good, good. I may have some claims here in New York, let’s see what happens.
Steve Johnston: I saw a little snow on the ground on the news this morning.
Josh Shanker: Yeah, yeah. So I read that you've changed some technology on the personal line. I think it's to get more in line with technology today to be successful with comparative raters. Can you talk a little bit about what's going on and why that's a good move for Cincinnati?
J.F. Scherer: Josh, this is J.F. I'm not so sure that I know what you are referring to there. We did say that we had filed endorsements to our homeowner program in the bulk of the states we do business to make it more closely aligned with our Capstone, which is our high net worth program, but as far as any real technology changes, I don't think we've done any of that. We make certain that our technology is able to work in comparative raters. Though if we could do away with comparative raters, we would. But really haven't made any changes there. I think the big change or the development this year has been – in personal lines – has been related to the rollout of high net worth, the rollout of the Capstone endorsements to our traditional program, expansion of high net worth into the new states that was mentioned. So those are probably the primary changes there, Josh.
Josh Shanker: Is auto a good business for Cincinnati, personal auto? Could you write the home and let a competitor have the auto portion and be just as successful, or is the bundle key to it? Is it adding marginals or adding exceptional value on the auto side?
J.F. Scherer: Well, right now, the auto is not adding value, obviously, in commercial auto or personal auto, but we've always been a package-writing company throughout our history and policyholders and agents alike would prefer that it all be part of a package. There is no question about the fact that the persistence of that business has improved when you write everything together in a package. So we've taken some, we think, some good actions in the auto side, put through some fairly significant rate increases throughout 2016 that are currently earning their way into the book of business, in some cases double-digit increases. So in terms of private passenger auto, we're feeling pretty good that as 2017 earns in that that will improve. But it's a pretty unusual circumstance that we are submitted an account that doesn't include the entire package.
Josh Shanker: And I know it's early and there's not so many policies, but do Capstone auto policies behave the same way as other auto policies?
J.F. Scherer: Well, as a general statement, high net worth, and keeping in mind that the high net worth we wrote previous to Will Van Den who will join in the company, was more mass affluent than it was high net worth, but even within our book of business across the book, it performed about 10 points better. So, yes, we believe that the auto in high net worth is a more profitable line of business. Josh, it's just not that price sensitive in the middle market personal lines. A huge percentage of the business that gets quoted for us is in comparative raters and there's a bit of a tendency on the part of the agencies – though we do get the nod in terms of the quality we bring to them and their policyholders, that tends to be a bit more of a price is the only object kind of a circumstance whereas in high net worth it's more consultative and so we like the fact that we and our agencies are getting paid, if you will, for the value we are bringing in that area.
Josh Shanker: Okay. All right. Thank you. And in terms of looking at a relationship between dividend increases and earnings, obviously, you guys have increased the dividend consistently for a very, very long time. How do you think about, over a five-year period, at what rate the relationship should be between earnings growth and dividend growth?
Steve Johnston: Good question. I think we don't look at any one particular metric along with our Board in making that decision. That would be one of them, how is this doing in relationship to the profit on earned premium. We are also looking at investments, the balance sheet, the economy. Our forecast in the future is we look back to the financial crisis when there were a lot of companies cutting their dividend or not raising their dividend for sure. At at that point, we felt comfortable to continue to increase the dividend because of what we saw in terms of our forecasts and our estimates of where we were going in the future. So I think it's hard to describe the discussion that goes on about our capital management as a ratio for one particular item. It's more holistic in terms of how we look at a broad spectrum of metrics.
Josh Shanker: That answers all my questions. Have a good 2017 and look forward to the results.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Josh.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Scott Heleniak of RBC Capital. Your line is open.
Scott Heleniak: Thanks. Good morning.
Steve Johnston: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Heleniak: The first question I had was just on new business. In commercial lines and E&S, it was down for the quarter; it was up for the year, but I was just wondering if you saw anything in Q4 specifically that was a little bit different from either a competitive standpoint or just people being more aggressive on pricing in Q4 that you didn't see the rest of the year.
Mike Sewell: Scott, I think throughout the year, competition has ratcheted up somewhat. So fourth quarter would have been I would say slightly more competitive. I think a lot of carriers tend to put a full-court press on towards the end of the year to meet a goal. We try to resist doing that because we just don't want to ask our people to underprice business to hit a top-line target. Last year's fourth quarter was a pretty big, tougher comparison. I think as we look at the new business and how it went last year and looking forward, no one thing affected it. The 4% increase was good. We would have liked it to have been slightly better. We are optimistic about this year. The submission rates right now in CSU and in commercial lines are all up, so we are seeing more accounts. We are getting at-bats at more accounts. So that's positive. Because of the competition and because of our desire to be more disciplined, our hit ratio is down a little bit, but once again we are pleased with how things are going. CSU, in terms of what they are facing, particularly on some of their larger accounts and keeping in mind that ours is a relatively conservative appetite for E&S business, but our excess and surplus lines company is losing some of the larger accounts to the standard side of the business. So once it gets quoted on the standard side, we don't compete with it. Our opinion would be that some of the business that's going to the standard side should stay in the E&S side of the business. If we think an account has reached a point where it probably does deserve standard market treatment then Cincinnati Insurance Company will quote on it. We will retain it in our standard side. On the personal lines side as far as new growth would be concerned, we did put through some very healthy rate increases in auto in 2016 and in the middle-market segment of our business, that had a depressing effect on the new business there. High net worth more than made up for that. We are very, very pleased about how things went last year in terms of high net worth new business, not only in New York, but as was mentioned earlier in California, which obviously is a significant state in high net worth. The reception by our agents there was just terrific. We wrote a good bit of new business even though we really did not have all that many agencies appointed for the five months that was referred to earlier. And then a few other things. Last year, we had maybe slightly more turnover than normal in our field underwriting in commercial lines, field reps that were retiring or moving to different territories. That has a slightly disrupting affect. We started the year out this year basically with all territories staffed and so we think that that will create a little bit of momentum relative to new business. So as Steve mentioned earlier, sorry to be so long-winded about this, we are feeling pretty good right now about the prospects for growing. We will continue to appoint more agencies. We could always appoint more than we do. That's a balance as well. But we are confident about our ability to grow the Company. 
Scott Heleniak: That's very helpful. Is the agency deployment schedule for this year, is it ramping up versus last year? 
Mike Sewell: Not versus last year. It will be about the same level. We've been appointing on a full lines appointment, which include commercial lines and personal lines, in the 100 agency range and then in personal lines in states where we are not active in commercial lines, now those would be New Jersey and California. We will be appointing agencies in addition to that 100. So it will be a healthy year as far as new agency appointments, keeping in mind that that too is a matter of balance for us. It's not our intent to appoint as many agencies as we can; it's to appoint a few real good agencies and gain a lot of share in those few agencies. 
Scott Heleniak: Okay. And then on the share buybacks, you guys mentioned that you did 500,000 shares or so. Was that just to kind of offset some options that normally be [indiscernible] or does that signal that more regular buybacks might be on the way? 
Mike Sewell: This is Mike. We call it a maintenance type of buyback for the exact purpose that you just mentioned. In total, this year, 557,000 shares is what we did. Prior year, we did a million. The year before that, 450,000. So it's kind of really I will call it maintenance, but it's a part of that capital management that Steve talked about as we return capital back to shareholders. 
Scott Heleniak: Okay. And just the final question is just on workers' comp. That's been a very good line for you guys. You've had good reserve releases and good margins. I was wondering if you can talk about some of the drivers behind that, whether it's frequency, severity, mix, just anything you can add to that a little bit because that line has been very, very profitable for a while now. 
J.F. Scherer: Well, Marty Mullen is sitting here in the room from our claims department and if I had to point to anyone relative to the improvement in worker's comp, it would be Marty followed closely behind in our loss control area. We've put together a tremendous amount of specialization in workers' comp. claims handling both in the form of specialists out in the field and then people here in headquarters that are reviewing bills. That I think was a significant area of improvement for us. On the loss control side, we have protocols now that we didn't have six years ago or so when we really went full bore to working on this line of business where policyholders were visited and scored. We provide consultative services to a greater degree than we had in the past. So we've been able to reduce loss costs in workers' comp when natural medical inflation would have taken it up for others. So we think we still have a little runway to go in terms of improving all that. We will expand our matrix in the loss control area to include even more accounts, smaller accounts where we feel like we can improve the margins there. So it's encouraging. We still view that as a class of business you have to be very cautious about. It has the potential for turning pretty sour, so we approach it conservative – despite the fact that it's such a profitable line for us, we continue to approach it very conservatively. We do not write monoline workers' comp, not unlike the question a little earlier about package business in personal lines, we don't write the comp unless we are writing the package and the umbrella and the auto. 
Scott Heleniak: Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Fred Nelson at DA Davidson. Your line is open.
Fred Nelson: Thank you. Sitting here in California with Nestle's moving in your direction, they are going to have about 400 employees in Ohio. They are going to Virginia. When you see the businesses and people changing and moving to the South and the Southeast and Texas because of contracts where labor is less, taxes are less, do you follow that pretty carefully? That's one of my questions. The other one is, with the new administration facing towards taxes, if taxes are lowered, it would say to me that your cash flow from your bond portfolio and some of them could increase at a very substantial way. And in California, do you have agencies appointed that would handle people like me, or is it still high net worth? Thank you for taking the call. 
Mike Sewell: This is Mike. I will start with the tax question and then we will go with the others. So of course, it's hard to say what else would change if corporate rates went down, do they go to 20%, do they go to 15%, where do they go, what happens. But then when you take a look at that, what else might change other than corporate rates because it may not just be the rate, would the dividends received deduction remain the same; would the change, or would there be any change in the tax-exempt interest that we currently exclude from income? What would happen to a potential border tax and what's the effect on issues related to that? So it's probably a little tougher issue than just a reduction in rates and these are just a few items that actually would have a major impact to us when it comes to tax reform. But let's just say if there was a lowering of the overall effective tax rate and nothing else, it would seem that we would have more net income to invest and grow our business, but then we'd also be able to compete on a more level playing field with internationally-based companies since their tax rates are lower currently than ours. So allowing our capital really to compete more on a level playing field with the foreign capital seems to me to be a good thing. As of now, it's just too early to know what may change under the new administration. Our industry has experienced many administrations and has adapted over time to remain healthy for our insureds and our shareholders. So right now, I would say we are waiting to – et's wait and see when some actual guidance comes out with where they are specifically headed. 
Steve Johnston: This is Steve. I will touch a little bit on the overarching economy. We are optimistic about the future of where the economy and the country is going. We do look at how it varies by region, as well as a lot of other factors considering catastrophe exposure and the like, but we do build all those into our business plan. And then in terms of you and California, we write the full suite of products. We would love to entertain you as a client and you can join me in the ranks of the people that don't have houses that qualify for the executive Capstone. We appreciate your comments and look forward to any other questions. 
Fred Nelson: Fireman's Fund left California and they had a lot of good accounts. 
Scott Heleniak: Well, we are in business and we are hoping to compete and as we have seen the early results, we are competing well. 
Fred Nelson: It might be nice to know who I could call to find out what agencies in California handle your products because the business I am in, the people ask me that that our shareholders and I'm dumbfounded as to what to do sometimes. 
Scott Heleniak: Well, we can give you a couple choices. You could either go out to our website at www.cinfin.com and there is a find an agent place there where you can put in your address or ZIP Code and it will give you the names of several that would be in the area or you can call any of us and we will look it up and provide you with the same information
Fred Nelson: That would be great. Thank you. 
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I turn the call back over to Mr. Johnston.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Amy. We really appreciate you joining us on the call today, your interest in Cincinnati Financial and we look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter 2017 call. Thank you very much and have a great day.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dennis McDaniel – Investor Relations Officer Steve Johnston – President & Chief Executive Officer Mike Sewell – Chief Financial Officer J.F. Scherer – Chief Investment Officer, Cincinnati Insurance
Analysts: Paul Newsome – Sandler O'Neill Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets Ian Gutterman – Balyasny Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Shannon and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cincinnati Financial Corporation Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to turn today's call over to Mr. Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. Mr. McDaniel, you may begin your call.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello, this is Dennis McDaniel from Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our Third Quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call you'll first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer; and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including the Cincinnati Insurance Company's Executive Committee Chairman, Jack Schiff Jr.; Chairman of the Board, Ken Stecher; Chief Insurance Officer for Cincinnati Insurance, J.F. Scherer; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; Chief Claims Officer for Cincinnati Insurance, Marty Mullen; and Senior Vice President, Theresa Hoffer. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. Now, I will turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Dennis, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today to hear more about our third quarter results. Those results represent another solid quarter of carefully executing our strategy. They reflect personal interactions by our associates working with our agents and others to steadily improve our long-term performance by building one relationship at a time. While our 92.4% third quarter combined ratio was quite good, it was above the outstanding said 90% result a year ago. However, it is satisfying to see our nine months combined ratio measures or the effects of catastrophes performing about 1 percentage point better than a year ago. We're also pleased with another quarter of strong investment performance, and Mike will soon comment on investment income growth and portfolio valuation gains. Before that, I'll highlight a few more aspects of our insurance operations. We believe we're reporting a healthy rate of premium growth for each of our insurance segments. Our work for greater pricing precision allows us to underwrite on a policy-by-policy basis and strengthens our confidence in selecting and pricing new business from our agencies. Pricing was generally in line with the second quarter. Consistent with where loss ratios for us and the industry indicate the most need for higher premium rates, our commercial auto and personal auto policies experienced third quarter average renewal price increases that were the highest among our major lines of business. Both had average percentage increases in the mid-single digit range with personal auto near the high end of that range. Our reinsurance assumed operations known as Cincinnati Re saw another quarter of steady growth as our team works to selectively build out a diversified portfolio of treaty business. Third quarter underwriting results benefited from the June 30 loss reserves that are developing favorably as we obtain additional information on reinsured claims. The resulting favorable effect for the short tail portion of the portfolio contributed to a $6 million third quarter underwriting profit for Cincinnati Re. We also experienced ongoing progress in expanding personalized products and services, we offer to our agencies higher net worth clients. Almost one fourth of the total $91 million in Personal Lines new business written premiums for the first nine months of 2016 came from high net worth policies. We continue to see good performance for our Commercial Line segment, with a third quarter combined ratio near 90%. Our Excess and Surplus lines segment continued to report superb results with a combined ratio below 70% for both the three and nine months ended September 2016. For our Life Insurance subsidiary, earned premiums continue to rise at a double digit clip for both the third quarter and first nine months of 2016. Even though unlocking of interest rate is similar actuarial assumptions slowed our year-to-date growth and income. Our primary measure of financial performance, the value creation ratio reached 14% on a year-to-date basis with generally higher investment portfolio valuations using the strong 6% contribution from operating performance. I'll also briefly comment on estimated effects of Hurricane Matthew on fourth quarter results. While still early, we estimate the catastrophe incurred loss effect to be between $40 million and $65 million pre-tax. Including a net effect of $5 million to $10 million from our reinsurance assumed operation. While the financial impacts are important, the real story for us lies in the hard work of our field claims representatives. More than 50 associates volunteered to leave their families to help policyholders in Georgia, North Carolina and South Carolina to put their lives back together. We're here to pay claims. As our associates fulfill that promise with efficiency and empathy, they become our greatest sales advantage. Satisfied policyholders share their experience with their neighbors, giving our agents and us the opportunity to write more business and continue growing our company. With that, our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell will comment on other areas of our financial performance.
Mike Sewell: Great. Thank you, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. I'll begin my comments with a few third quarter investment highlights. Third quarter 2016 was our thirteenth consecutive quarter of investment income growth as it rose 3% on a pre-tax basis and 4% on an after-tax basis, that growth continues to reflect an increase in both interest and dividend income. Our equity portfolio experienced another quarter of nice growth and unrealized gains, and we reported a 1% increase in fair value. In total, we ended the third quarter of 2016 with a net unrealized gain of more than $2.7 billion before taxes including more than $2.1 billion in our equity portfolio. The bond portfolios pre-tax average yield reported a 4.63% for the third quarter, slightly exceeded 4.62% from the last year's third quarter. Taxable bonds purchased during the first nine months of 2016 have an average pre-tax yield of 4.27%, 23 basis points lower than we experienced a year ago. Tax-exempt bonds purchased average 2.89%, 45 basis points lower than a year ago. Our bond portfolios effective duration at September 30 was 4.9 years, up slightly from 4.8 years at the end of June. Cash flow from operating activities continued to provide funds for investment portfolio. Funds generated from net operating cash flows for the first nine months of 2016, rose 9% compared with a year ago and helped generate $375 million of net purchases of securities for investment portfolios. As always we work to carefully manage our expenses at the same time strategically investing in our business. Our nine month 2016 property casualty underwriting expense ratio rose slightly, up 0.3 percentage points compared with a year ago. Moving to the other side of the balance sheet, our loss reserves continue to experience favorable development, as we apply a consistent approach to setting overall reserves. For the first nine months of 2016, favorable reserve development benefited our combined ratio by 4.6 percentage points, very similar to the same period a year and full year 2015. Reserve development for the first three quarters continued to be spread over most of our major lines and over recent accident years, including 55% for accident year 2015, 24% for accident year 2014 and 15% for accident year 2013. Overall reserves at the end of September, including accident year 2016 and net of reinsurance ceded, rose 6% from last year with IBNR representing more than half of that. Our assessment of the Company's cup of strength, liquidity and financial flexibility, is that they remain at healthy levels. Capital management objectives include supporting future profitable growth of our Insurance operations plus other areas such as returning capital to shareholders. As usual, I'll conclude with a summary of contributions during the third quarter to book value per share. They represent the main drivers of our value creation ratio. Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.35. Life Insurance operations added $0.05. Investment income other than Life Insurance and reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.48. The change in unrealized gains at September 30th for the fixed income portfolio, net of realized gains and losses decreased book value per share by $0.04. The change in unrealized gains at September 30th for the equity portfolio, net of realized gains and losses increased book value by $0.51. And we declared $0.48 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was book value increase of $0.87 during the third quarter to our record $43.24 per share. And now, I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: : Shannon, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Paul Newsome: Congratulations on the quarter. I was wondering about, what you are seeing in both the claim frequency numbers for both the commercial auto and the personal auto businesses? And whether or not, you saw particularly in commercial auto sort of an acceleration of frequency over the last couple of months or quarters?
Steve Johnston: Paul this is Steve, and as we look at that, not that we don't see any issues with frequency, but for our auto lines, it's been more of a severity issue than it has been frequency issue. So, obviously, I think we've had strong results. Thanks for the compliment. There are some areas obviously that we need to work on and that would – the auto lines would be at the top of that list. And I think there is a lot of action that's taking place that makes us feel good about the progress. It just does take a while for the various initiatives we put in place, including rate, but in addition to rate, to help the situation. And I don't know if J.F. wanted to add anything to that.
J.F. Scherer: Yeah, Paul. Going along with Steve's comment about rate, we did particularly relative to commercial auto, we're up counts of agents from brokers meeting a couple weeks ago, met with 40 agencies, the larger agencies out there. And the topic of conversation among those agencies was commercial auto, and the fact that market is firming up and that they are prepared to deliver rate increases. So, that's kind of a bigger hurdle, but there's that acknowledgement throughout the industry of the need for more rate. And so we would anticipate that will continue into the future. But, that's right if things we continue to do on the – to try to address the severity issue. I think most of what we would say is the exact same things what others in the industry are talking about, whole variety of things. Cars are more expensive to fix, aluminum is being used more than steel, and that's more expensive to repair. A lot of the same things, distracted driving continues to be an issue. A lot of accidents that we've noticed, no skid marks, lot of distracted walking and biking. We've had two very severe accidents in the Chicago area. You may have heard about them that, where people in bike lanes and they'd be not in bike lanes for example in metropolitan areas have resulted in some larger claims. The issue related to the driver shortage continues to be one that's talked about a lot. Drivers, some statistics from the PCI Conference, drivers that are under 30 years old are two times more likely to have accidents. And so, a lot of discussion about older drivers being brought back, folks that haven't retired, drivers that are above 60 or 1.5 times more apt to have accidents. So we're seeing a lot of issues related to that. So, what we're trying to do is to ramp up our loss control making certain that as we visit policyholders, if they have driver education programs, things of that nature, and then as we underwrite business, an awful lot of attention – additional attention is being applied to the driver information, age of driver, the types of vehicles that those drivers are assigned to. In other words, young driver to heavy trucks is a bad formula. So, all those things are going to be taken into consideration in addition to the rate that we expect to get.
Paul Newsome: Just to be clear on this, because it is – what I'm hearing, I think is different from others, and that on the commercial auto side, we've had a severity issue for some time, notable big liability losses, and then – but not a frequency issue until, perhaps recently. And then on the auto side it was the opposite, we've had sort of ongoing severity running in or frequency – pardon me, ongoing severity running sort of 3 to 5 for years. But frequency only rose sort of beginning – well really beginning of 2015 and have gone through increases. And it sounds like we've had some other companies talking about sort of spike and higher frequency particularly on the commercial auto recently. You are saying, it's not a frequency issue, it's all about the severity in your book, is that fair, or am I oversimplifying?
Steve Johnston: I think it's – I wouldn't say it's unfair. I think that we do keep an eye on all elements of the pure premium, the frequency and the severity. But I think as we see it with our book, it is much more of a severity issue for both the personal and the commercial. I think that's pretty consistent with what we've seen and said through time here.
Paul Newsome: Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Steve Johnston: Okay. Thank you, Paul.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Heleniak from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Scott Heleniak: Just a – first on the E&S unit, obviously a great result there and I was just wondering if you could talk more about why that business continues to perform so much better than your peers, and I don't know if you have anything you can attribute to that, to specifically if it's mix or the risks you are writing or some of the relationships you have in place in that business? I don't know if you have any color on that, because that business has done so well for quite a long time.
J.F. Scherer: Scott, this is J.F. I guess I would probably put top of the list just our model doing business with our independent agents, unlike others in the E&S business. We are not going through wholesalers. We're only doing business with established relationships with the Cincinnati Insurance Company. We test that as part of the amount of opportunity we have in our agencies, there is somewhere in the area of $2 billion of E&S premium is written with Cincinnati Insurance Company agents. We visit the agencies in person, in many cases with our Excess and Surplus lines underwriters, are field reps that are in the E&S side of things. We include the premium, intermingle the premium with our standard market premiums and losses on the profit sharing contract. So, I think our agencies appreciate what we're doing. They want to make certain that the business they put with us isn't for lack of a better word, the type of thing you throw against the wall and see if it sticks, it's more carefully placed with us. I think our appetite is, perhaps a little bit more conservative than most. Having said that, we'll finish this year $200 million at the end of our ninth full year in the E&S business, and it's not as though we don't write some tougher risks. But I think the balance there has been good. Don Doyle and his team have been very disciplined about what we're doing. About 85% of what we write is on the casualty side, and we stay pretty strong with our terms and conditions. So, I wouldn't say there is anything magical about it other than I think our model of doing business with just Cincinnati Insurance Company agencies has probably paid off for us.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. What I would imagine, so you are benefiting from increased admission through this business gets bigger, you get a lot more looks, is there a factor too recently?
J.F. Scherer: Yeah one of the things that we are consistently doing is adding more and more field underwriters in this area. And so, when you're calling on your agents, person the person, you do get more looks. We visit with a lot of our agency principles about the advantages we think we bring to the table. And as time goes on, perhaps some of the habits that they're in, using various E&S wholesalers, so we break through those, and once that gets going, there is a momentum associated with that.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. That's helpful on that. Then, just moving onto the Cincinnati Re, that's obviously been kind of ramping up nicely $50 million or so, pretty in this year, and I saw you had, three kind of senior hires in the quarter, and wondering if you can share anything just about kind of the opportunities you see for just 2017 in the next few years and how you are looking at that business?
Steve Johnston: Thanks Scott. Good Question. We're confident in the business. We do and we appreciate you noticing that we have really hired some very talented people. Jamie Hole, who we've known for a long time started to add up. We're right on it down the line, I won't call him out by names, but every single hire I think has been very strong, very experienced, come with a variety of strong backgrounds and they are really working together as a team. You know I think it's important as we go forward to rely on their expertise and that we're going to take a conservative approach to it. We didn't set up a company to do this with capital allocated with demand to produce a return on that capital. It's very much just allocated, treaty by treaty as we look at them, and so appreciate you noticing the talent. We feel confident in the people that we've hired, the business plan they've put together and our prospects going forward.
Scott Heleniak: Okay, got it. Then just, last question was just on the accident year loss ratio and commercial was up a little bit. And I was just wondering if there is anything kind of unusual in there year-over-year, where there is any non-cat weather, any other factor that kind of drove that or any particular line that it kind of stuck on that?
Steve Johnston: I think we feel confident in the strong results of the Commercial Lines. Obviously, we talked about commercial auto being a bit of an issue that J.F. laid out on the initiative that we've put in place that I think we're confident in any uptick can be attributed to noise and we fell pretty darn confident.
Scott Heleniak: There was a tough comparison that.
Steve Johnston: Yes. Thank you.
Scott Heleniak: That's all I had.
Steve Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman from Balyasny. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ian Gutterman: I guess maybe to start off. This is probably for J.F. Market competition sounds like it's fairly stable in your eyes, is that right and the reason I ask is, as you listen to some of the commentary from others over the last quarter or so, it feels like a number of your competitors are kind of calling out, the things are getting tougher. Are you seeing that, or not as much in your business?
J.F. Scherer: No. I think there might be a slightly muted effect from us because of our three year policies, not as many of our accounts go to market every year, so I think that's a real positive from our standpoint. There's competition out there. It is muted by the firmness of commercial auto side of things, and when we compete, we compete on an account by account basis, and there may be some carriers that maybe more aligned and business oriented about how they compete, they might see, they may be seeing a different type of competition or more intense competition, for example. But it's – there is competition. It's modest. A great account goes to market. It will draw – it will definitely draw some attention. But, the types of things that we may have heard in previous soft markets where there's reckless competition, we don't see that occurring.
Ian Gutterman: Got it. Great. And then to follow-up on the reinsurance, Steve I guess about a year into it now, right. So, I don't know if you can give us a little more data on sort of what the book looks like you know maybe a split of short tail versus long tail or [indiscernible] or just, I guess what I'm struggling with the most is just how to think about, how caveat is I guess, like what kind of – like you said, I guess $5 million to $10 million for Matthew, but you know sort of if there is an event, how should I think about that book, or what a normal cat load is or however you are comfortable talking about it?
Steve Johnston: Right. That's a good question and something we monitor as well. It is very much in allocated capital model, so we don't even put targets if we're going to have this much in property, this much in casualty and so forth. But if you look at it, this would be inception to-date. So including last year, we have just about $89 million in net written premium. Of that about $43 million is on the property side, so that can kind of give you – it feels almost 50/50. You know we feel pretty good that in about a year of existence including the ramp up in hiring of the talent and joining the team together that we have had profitability so far. And so, we feel good about it, but we're not going to be as a start up here, we're not going to put demands in terms of growth or particular mixes of business. We just want them to look at them one-by-one, try to determine how much capital that we would want to allocate to that particular contract, really make sure that we understand it quantitatively and qualitatively, and if we do, then we will go forward with that contract. And we'll keep you posted as the numbers might move, but I have to say it's been pretty balanced as it's turned out.
Ian Gutterman: And the non-property component is that mostly sort of traditional casualty or is there like you know U.K. Motor or mortgage insurance or some of the more trendy type things, or is this just kind of an casualty, or how should I think about that?
Steve Johnston: I think it's mainly United States. I don't think that we have much in terms of international. We do have a little bit of mortgage insurance, but not much at all. It's you know contractor too that they've very much vetted. So, I would say that it's a pretty standard. In terms of reinsurance anyways a pretty standard book of casualty business.
Ian Gutterman: Perfect. Okay, and then just my last topic was, last year for the first time you did essentially a fifth dividend, I guess a special dividend. Given how results have been this year and capital being in good shape, have you given any thought to whether it's something you'd want to repeat or is that really just a one-time thing, and don't expect it going forward?
Steve Johnston: Well, I thought that question might come up. So, I pulled the press release from last November, and I think we were trying to be pretty transparent then. We were looking at this as a one-time special dividend and that we did cite the increase in operating earnings being up 30% from where they had been in the prior year and just wanting to reward shareholders, and we're going to continue to look at capital management, hadn't been on this 56 year of increasing our dividends and feel very confident in everything that we're doing. But did want to – I think we were trying to put the message out last year, that that was to be considered a one-time event.
Ian Gutterman: Got it, just checking. Alright, thanks, good luck.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Ian.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Josh Shanker: Can we talk a little about Life Insurance strategy? You know it seems like you guys have grown it somewhat hopefully this year, it's still you know a very, very small part of the business. Why does it make sense for Cincinnati to be the owner of this business, and what is the opportunity and is cross-sell successful or most of it is at least sold through Life Insurance agents at this point. How should we think about it?
Steve Johnston: I guess we're again confident in the Life Insurance business. We think there are cross-serving opportunities there. About, I think 70% of the premium or so, comes from our P&C agencies. And as you know, whenever multiple policies are involved, the retention rate on all of them goes up. We do have some exciting products I think that are on the development board that we've talked about with our agents and they're excited about. It would be an easy issue, term policy that would be marketed through our P&C agents, where we would be able to ask just a few questions and draw on data that they've provided through their Personal Lines applications to be input into a predictive model, such that we could offer up to $500,000 in term coverage right on the spot. So, we think that's going to roll out early next year the early. The early trials that we've been putting that through seem to make it, you know something that we're confident in. The worksite products that we have on the Commercial Line side are a nice complement to what we're doing through our commercial insurance, and so we do think it very much complements what we do on the P&C side. It allows us have higher retention and we're confident in the growth of Cincinnati Life going forward.
Josh Shanker: Is the point, so all you have to do is ask that, you give someone a product they didn't have before and they are going to sell it or there are particular competitive advantages in the Cincinnati product versus what's already in the market?
Steve Johnston: I think the latter. I think there will be some competitive advantages to this product.
Josh Shanker: Because it – how would that work I mean in terms, and to my mind is a pretty generic product overall. How do you see you having an advantage in that market?
Steve Johnston: Just the ease of the issue and how will it be coordinate with the sale of the Personal Lines P&C products, I think makes it relatively unique.
Josh Shanker: You wouldn't need a medical test with this product?
Steve Johnston: That's correct. I mean assuming the questions that are answered and the data that we collect comes back in a favorable light, there would not need to be the blood draw, the medical exam and so forth.
Josh Shanker: Alright. Well, good luck. Keep us updated.
Steve Johnston: Okay. Thank you, Josh.
Operator: At this time I would return the conference to Mr. Steve Johnston. Mr. Johnston, please take over.
Steve Johnston: Okay. Thank you, Shannon. Thanks to all of you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our fourth quarter call. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call he may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dennis McDaniel - IRO Steve Johnston - President & CEO Mike Sewell - CFO J.F. Scherer - CIO, Cincinnati Insurance Marty Mullen - Chief Claims Officer, Cincinnati Insurance
Analysts: Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill Mike Zaremski - BAM Funds
Operator: Good morning. My name is Shannon and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to turn today's call over to Mr. Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. Mr. McDaniel, you may begin your conference.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello, this is Dennis McDaniel from Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call you'll first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer; and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including the Cincinnati Insurance Company's Executive Committee Chairman, Jack Schiff Jr.; Chairman of the Board, Ken Stecher; Chief Insurance Officer for Cincinnati Insurance, J.F. Scherer; Principal Accounting Officer, Eric Matthews; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Chief Claims Officer for Cincinnati Insurance, Marty Mullen. Second, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. Now, I will turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our second quarter results. We're pleased to report satisfactory operating performance despite second quarter catastrophe loss effects that were slightly higher than our long-term average. Thanks to the steady efforts of our associates to support the local independent agents who represent Cincinnati Insurance we still manage to generate a modest underwriting profit in the second quarter and our first half 2016 consolidated property/casualty combined ratio of 95.4% is within the half point of the first half of last year. We were encouraged by improving underwriting results before the effects of catastrophes and believe we'll see ongoing benefits from our various initiatives focused on profitability. Rising investment income and robust portfolio valuations at quarter end were another bright spot for recent performance. Higher investment income for the first half of 2016 offset a small decrease in property casualty underwriting profit leading to a 3% increase in operating income. Mike Sewell will comment further on that in a moment. First, I will highlight some important points about our insurance operations. Each of our segments continue to grow satisfactory as we earn quality new business produced by our agencies. Pricing was generally consistent with the first quarter. However personal auto was an exception with average renewal rate percentage increases moving from the mid-single-digit range to the high-single-digit range. We believe that improved pricing for both our personal and commercial auto along with other initiatives will improve our results for those lines of business. Expansion of our reinsurance assumed operation, known as Cincinnati Re, also continues to progress nicely. Cincinnati Re generated an underwriting loss of just under $1 million for the second quarter as a result of a $4 million estimated share of losses from the Fort McMurray, Canada wildfire affecting the industry, plus what we believe is appropriate reserving for a diverse portfolio of reinsurance treaties. We are also satisfied with the progress of expanding the personal lines products and services, we offer to our agencies higher net worth clients. Nearly one quarter of the total $59 million in personal lines new business written premiums for the first six months of 2016 came from high net worth policies. We reported an underwriting profit for each of our property/casualty segments in the first half of 2016. As in most years, we anticipate the second half to be better than the first. Our commercial lines segment produced a combined ratio of just over 95% for the first half of the year, while that ratio for our excess and surplus segment was just under 75%. Our life insurance subsidiary including income from its investment portfolio also experienced another good quarter and first half of the year. For the first six months of 2016, earned premiums grew 11%, and net income for our life insurance subsidiary rose 10% compared with last year. Our primary measure of financial performance, the value creation ratio was again strong at 4.6% for the second quarter and 10.5% for the first half of 2016. Generally higher valuations in securities markets augmented the contribution of our operating performance. While we are pleased with ongoing good performance, we understand the need to remain focused on underwriting profitability and growth. We will do that as we seek to continually improve performance. I will now ask our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, to share his highlights for other areas of our financial performance.
Mike Sewell: Great, thank you, Steve, and thanks for all of you for joining us today. I will open with highlights of second quarter investment results. It was another stellar quarter for investments, including 6% growth in pre-tax investment income and 7% on an after-tax basis. We also experienced increases in the fair value and unrealized gain positions of both our equity and bond portfolios. We ended the second quarter of 2016 with a net unrealized gain of nearly $2.7 billion before taxes including more than $2 billion for our common stock portfolio that reached more than $5 billion in fair value. For our bond portfolio, interest income again grew 4% in part due to net purchases of $309 million over the past four quarters. The bond portfolio's pre-tax average yield reported at 4.64% for the second quarter and 4.65% for the first half of 2016 match the year ago periods. Taxable bonds purchased during the first six months of 2016 had an average pre-tax yield of 4.5%, 8 basis points higher than we experienced a year ago. Tax exempt bonds purchased averaged 3.01%, 33 basis points lower than a year ago. Our bond portfolio's effective duration at June 30 was 4.8 years, up slightly from 4.7 years at year-end. Cash flow from operating activities continue to fuel the investment income growth. Funds generated from net operating cash flows for the first half of 2016 rose 4% compared with a year ago to $490 million and helped generate $292 million of net purchases of securities for our investment portfolio. As always, we work to carefully manage our expenses at the same time of strategically investing in our business. Our first half 2016 property/casualty underwriting expense ratio rose 0.2 percentage points compared with a year ago. Our loss reserves continue to experience favorable development as we apply a consistent approach to setting overall reserves. For the first six months of 2016, favorable reserve development benefitted our combined ratio by 5 percentage points compared with 4.4 points for the same period last year and similar to the 5.2 point rolling average for the prior four quarters. Reserve development so far in 2016 continued to be spread over most of our major lines and over recent accident years including 55% for accident year 2015, and 22% for accident year 2014. Overall reserves, including accident years 2016 and net of reinsurance rose $229 million in the first half of 2016, including a $133 million for the IBNR portion. Our capital strength, liquidity, and financial flexibility continued at healthy levels. Our capital remains ready to support future profitable growth of our insurance operations and other capital management actions such as returning capital to shareholders. As usual I'll conclude with a summary of contributions during the second quarter to book value per share. They represent the main drivers of our value creation ratio. Property/casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.04, life insurance operations added $0.07, investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.47. The change in unrealized gains at June 30 for the fixed income portfolio, net of realized gains and losses, increased book value per share by $0.72. The change in unrealized gains at June 30 for the equity portfolio, net of realized gains and losses, increased book value by $0.59, and we declared $0.48 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value increase of $1.41 during the second quarter to a record $42.37 per share. And now I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Mike. As you can see we had a lot of positive trends carrying us into the second half of the year. Our focus on incremental improvement is adding up and delivering great results that are worth noticing. In the last few months Moody's, S&P, and Fitch, have all affirmed our strong financial strength ratings maintaining their stable outlooks. Fortune Magazine also took notice of our progress this year as we joined the ranks of the Fortune 500 in June. As we work together with our agency partners to maintain this momentum we're confident that we will continue to produce value per shareholders in the near-term and for the long-term. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you during the remainder of the year. I also note that many of you know Eric Mathews who we announced last call will be retiring on July 29 after nearly 40 years with the company. We thank Eric for his leadership of our accounting operations and wish him the best. Senior Vice President Theresa Hoffer will participate in future earnings conference calls instead of Eric. As a remainder with Mike and me today, are Jack Schiff Jr., Ken Stecher; J.F. Scherer, Marty Mullen, and Marty Hollenbeck, in addition to Eric Mathews. Shannon, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Josh Shanker: Good morning everyone another excellent quarter as usual.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Josh.
Mike Sewell: Thank you.
Josh Shanker: I wanted to ask little about technique in reserving for personal lines versus commercial lines. Commercial lines have a tendency almost consistently will be quite redundant over a very long period of time and personal lines tend to whipsaw in both directions. I realize that obviously commercial liability and I think orders comp is long tell the nature and that might have something to do with it. But given your conservatives and how you think about things why is there -- are these two different sort of tracks that there are on?
Mike Sewell: Josh, this is Mike Sewell, that's a great question and hopefully, you mentioned whipsaw, I'm not sure I probably will defined it that way. We do follow a consistent approach with our actuaries, not changing how we do the reserves and look at them. But from time to time we will have a column refinements to the process as more information becomes available and so forth. I think probably comment might be specifically related to the personal lines and how may be that fluctuate a little bit from the first quarter of this year to the second quarter and how may be second quarter was probably a little bit more in line with 2015 and 2014. Really as we noted in our first quarter 10-Q and I think I have made some comments in there, we did have a slight refinement on our personal lines business which was really related to what we called the AOE reserves. And so there were some expenses there that we refined it moved about $9 million, $10 million worth of reserves from the personal line side to the commercial line side. Had we not made that refinement you would have actually probably seen the personal lines prior year development in the first quarter really be flat. So because we did that you saw some favorable development there and now in the second quarter really what's running the temperature is personal auto as well as commercial auto when you look at prior year reserve development. So absent some refinements I think we're fairly consistent, we are consistent in the process and I think the numbers really show that. So I don't know if Steve or anyone else has any additional comments, but that might have been a little longwinded for you.
Josh Shanker: I'll take as much information as I can get. New appointments on new agencies to what extent when you're growing are you finding the appointments are trending in newer territories versus territories that you know well. To what extent is it possible for you to find agencies in territories that you know well that you think you can get a 30% to 40% share of the business out of how is -- how are new ad looking these days?
J.F. Scherer: Josh, this is J.F. In existing territories we've always taken the approach with the relatively low number of agencies we have to really appoint as few as possible in particular area. Now with the M&A activity that's occurring a lot of consolidation in agencies from time to time we would run into a case where if we needed to augment our agencies in any particular area the Group from which we can choose might be smaller, but fortunately the desire for agencies that don't represent us to have a contract with us is still high. So we rarely are turned down when we prospect for agencies. And so I'd say consequently and the fact is that there are a lot of agencies that don't represent us in a lot of territories. So that's not a big concern for us where we've been able to find agencies to a point 30%, 40% of the volume in an agency is an ambitious target. We certainly want to be consequential to the agencies as you know we talk about being number one or number two after we've been in an agency for five years. But we're not seeing any lack of opportunity for us to do that it's worked up pretty darn well. In newer states particularly with what Will Van Del Heuvel is doing in the high net worth area between the very good reputation that our agencies have earned for our company and they talk to agencies in some of these newer states for us. The door is pretty wide open for us to appoint agencies for example in lower New York, Manhattan, Long Island. We just recently opened New Jersey, California is soon to be opened and really no shortage of agencies to a point there. So fortunately I think across the board new states and existing states were in pretty good shape.
Josh Shanker: And on the high net worth homeowners' initiative, do you get any sense of the previous carrier? Is there any trend on where you are winning that business from?
J.F. Scherer: Well the opportunities are resolved as everyone knows from the consolidation of carriers in that line. And so agencies more than anything want options they can offer to their policyholders. I just happen to see one come through this morning, it was from a direct writer that we actually wrote the business that frankly hadn't that particular business hadn't been very well attended to. But it's coming across the board actually the direct writers' write tremendous percentage of that business. So it's not all uncommon to see that. And then from the usual characters we're competing pretty favorably against everybody right now. I think what's happening is that agencies when they take a contract with us they know as part of the approach we take to them is that if we'll agree to a point fewer agencies then perhaps brand X might appoint. In return for that, we ask that the agency concentrate on making the relationship with us work. So we're very pleased with the number of at-bats we're getting. I think that's the most important thing. Those agencies aren't forced to put any business with us but that if they have given us the opportunities which we're pleased if they are, we're very pleased with the result.
Josh Shanker: Well, continued good luck to all of you.
Steve Johnston: Thanks, Josh.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome from Sandler O'Neill. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Paul Newsome: Good morning, congratulations on the call and the earnings. I wanted to see if you could help us think about the trend in both the commercial and the personal lines of the accident year results, if you exclude the catastrophe loss, the so-called underlying combined ratio. Most folks are talking about commercial lines and at least commercial lines pricing being lower than claim cost inflation and then other mitigating efforts. And, obviously, you have a little different discussion on the personal lines side. I was wondering if you could kind of walk through your thoughts on both of those.
J.F. Scherer: Paul, this is J.F. I think in terms of the rate increases that we're getting on renewals, we're reasonably pleased with what we're seeing in auto both in private passenger and commercial autos, those are healthy and getting healthier. So we think that between the underwriting actions that we're taking in those two lines of business plus the rate increases. As you know, we've been pretty aggressive about rising reserves on prior years and pretty conservative this year, we think that things are going in the right direction on auto. Relative to loss cost and all the other lines, there is still a lot of initiatives that are in the works here, loss control, inspections, more specialization by line of business as well as by industry that we think and then of course the segmentation and the analytics that we're employing. We just think we're being better selectors of risk and we're also addressing loss mitigation issues that's helping with our loss cost. So as it is right now, the improvement you're seeing in the accident year excluding cats would be exactly what we would expected to have happened and we're pleased with really everything has kind of fallen in place still a lot more to do. Frankly we think there is lot of improvements we can continue to make in those areas.
Paul Newsome: So do you think that the trend -- the current trend we see in the last year or two will continue to see improvements in the underwriting combined ratio?
Steve Johnston: Paul this is Steve and clear 100% with J.F. he just nailed that that answer. May be just putting in a little bit of qualitative terms we already seen rate increase, I think segmentation as J.F. mentioned is working well, it is best helping some of the premiums driving and as also as J.F. mentioned in terms of the trend if we look at it in future trend in terms of rate-making being perspective. So we're looking now of trying to anticipate where loss trends are going in the perspective rate periods or pricing periods. And the points that J.F. made about things that are going on, on the underwriting especially in loss control, [indiscernible] the company coming up. We think is making us optimistic about the future of continuing to make improvements. So I think from everything that we could see in the near-term anyways we feel pretty good about our process.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski from BAM Funds. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Mike Zaremski: My first question is on the catastrophe preannouncement, you pointed out in the release that this quarter's catastrophe load ended up being close to the normal in terms of the 10-year historical average. I guess in my seat I was a little bit surprised it was around that historical average, given your lack of personal lines exposure in Texas. So my question is whether your team at Cincy was surprised by the level of losses this quarter.
Mike Sewell: This is Mike. Thanks for the question. We really weren't surprised because it really was falling in line when you're looking at five-year, 10-year averages. The largest catastrophe and may be Marty might be able to talk about that really was in San Antonia, Texas, and having that run up, so we don't have personal lines there, it's only commercial lines. So that might have cut may be some of the analysts I'll say off guard a little bit having that being in there because that was running about $55 million, $56 million. There were some other ones in there that were in the, I will call it in the $15 million to $25 million range but probably not necessarily surprised when we look at the five-year, 10-year averages and so forth, but the last couple of years, we have pretty good catastrophe loss ratios and so this one being elevated a little bit. So may be if I turn over to Marty for some of the details of some of our cats.
Marty Mullen: Sure. Thanks Mike. Comment on San Antonia was accurate it's about $56 million end of second quarter loss for us and all commercial and everything you read, San Antonio was not on the map in Texas as far as being a hail risk for the industry. There was supposed to be an area that really wasn't very prolific as far as previous hail events and so I think it caught everybody by a little bit of a surprise to the extent that the hail storm hits San Antonio. As result of that, I think the losses were little greater in the industry than probably were anticipated for us. We certainly took our share of those commercial losses. That actually was twice the size of any other cat we had for the quarter. The other ones are mainly Midwestern storms related to particular hail losses in the several stage over several days. So other than that there really wasn't anything unusual in the quarter as far as those events.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. That's helpful. And one follow-up, just kind of on the other hand while catastrophes pushed up the absolute combined ratio, the accident year excluding catastrophe loss ratio was the best it's been in 10 years, if my model is right. Can you speak to why it's improved so much, so we can kind of better think about its sustainability? ? I don't know if there were any unusual items or may be cats were high and that ate up some of the non-cat weather.
J.F. Scherer: Yes, Mike this is J.F. again similar to what we mentioned with Josh, and I think Paul as well, I think there is a momentum going right now for a variety of areas. One of the things we're very pleased with is the predictive modeling and analytics that we've employed both in personal lines and in commercial lines. That continues to get more and more refined; we're segmenting our book of business better than we have. I think we've done a good job of integrating that, it's a little more standard underwriting [indiscernible] a little of we talked about in the past. Our agents have been great in cooperating with that really for an agent to explain the science part of this to policyholders but I think we've done a good job there and agencies have come through for us. We have expanded our loss control significantly over the last five years, really that last six or seven years, we're inspecting risk that we hadn't inspected in the past. The inspections that we are making are much more in-depth than we have in the past. We're discovering things both good and bad that allow us to make more informed decision. So we've gotten off risk that we should gotten off of. We've said yes to risk that may be in the past we would have thought were a little tough in terms of their industry classification. So that's working out really well. I'd say in particular in personal lines, the inspections have also afforded a lift in the area of insurance to value. So we are increasing premiums there, getting a better ratio of premium to risk for ourselves there. So it's not one thing, it's a lot of things that are working well. I don't think is there anything particularly unique to what we're doing to as to what other companies are doing. I just think we probably executed pretty well so far in this process and as Steve said a few minutes ago there is still, I think a lot of optimism moving forward. We can continue to improve.
Mike Zaremski: Got it. So it sounds like so, like maybe you can remind me I know you guys have talked in the past about kind of combined ratio goals over time, it feels like things that more momentum and things are potentially, I don't know want to put words in your mouth going better than planned a year or two ago and is that the right way to think about things?
Mike Sewell: Sure, I think so. With the plans that we have laid out and that we've been working towards like J.F. just mentioned, we always wanted to be I'll say in that 95 to 100 combined range but with interest rates where they're at today on the investment side, we've always been striving to be below 95 combined and are really driving everything we can on a current accident year basis ex-cat basis, we're really having to drive it to where we're at today and to keep the momentum going.
Steve Johnston: I'll just add to that, an example would be that we're pleased with is the introduction of high net worth to our first lines book of business. That segment of personal lines in the industry has always been much more profitable for us though we weren't writing very high net worth; I would say our book of business previous to Will Van Del Heuvel who joined the company was more massive fluent that it was high net worth. But it performed 10 points better than our middle market first lines book of business. So as you can tell from the weighting of new business and high net worth, this quarter versus middle market, we're increasing the proportion of high net worth and so there have been a lot of deliberate steps that we have taken to position our book of business to perform better than the 95 to 100 that Mike mentioned.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. As there are no further questions on the phone lines at this time, I would return the call to Mr. Steve Johnston.
Steve Johnston: Well, thank you, Shannon. Excellent job and thanks for all of you for joining us today, we look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter call. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dennis McDaniel - IR Steve Johnston - President and CEO Mike Sewell - Treasurer, SVP and CFO Marty Hollenbeck - SVP, Assistant Treasurer and Secretary, CIO J.F. Scherer - Chief Insurance Officer, Cincinnati Insurance Company
Analysts: Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management Fred Nelson - Crowell Weedon
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jessa and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Mr. Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer, you may begin your conference.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello, this is Dennis McDaniel. Thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents please visit our investor web site, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call you’ll first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer; and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time some responses maybe made by others in the room with us, including Cincinnati Insurance Company’s Executive Committee Chairman, Jack Schiff Jr.; Chairman of the Board, Ken Stecher; Chief Insurance Officer for the Cincinnati Insurance Company, J.F. Scherer; Principal Accounting Officer, Eric Matthews; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Chief Claims Officer for Cincinnati Insurance, Marty Mullen. First, please note that some of the matters we will be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risk and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. Now, I will turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Good morning and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our first quarter results. We are pleased to report another strong quarter of operating performance. We continue to see ongoing benefits from executing our agency centered strategy and working to enhance performance through various initiatives. Underwriting and pricing on a policy-by-policy basis, which requires strong cooperation between our underwriting staff and to local independent agents who represent us, made a solid contribution to our excellent first quarter 2016 results. Our consolidated property casualty combined ratio of 91.4% represented a 6.1 percentage point improvement over last year's first quarter. The combined ratio of four catastrophe effects was 88.3%, 5.1 points better than the first quarter of 2015 and consistent with full year 2015. Each of our segments grew profitably. The performance of our two auto lines of business needs to improve, and we remain confident, that all of the actions we are taking, including first quarter 2016 average price increases that were higher than in the fourth quarter of last year will improve results. Premium growth continues to be a bright spot, as we work to earn quality new business from local independent agencies and expand our reinsurance assumed operation, known as Cincinnati Re. We remain focused on same discipline, as we grow profitably that business in the midst of a challenging reinsurance market. So far, we have reported an underwriting profit for Cincinnati Re each quarter since they commence business. Commercial lines premium growth remains healthy in a very competitive marketplace, with net written premiums up 6% over the same quarter a year ago. Strong personalized growth was enhanced by steady increases in the personalized products and services we offer to our agencies, higher net worth clients. Almost all of the first quarter 2016 increase in personal lines new business, written premiums came from high net worth policies. While we increased our focus on high net worth personal insurance beginning in 2015, we have written high net worth clients for many years. In fact, prior to 2014, approximately 10% of our homeowners premium was already derived from higher net worth policies. However, we knew that to really grow this area profitably, we needed to have the right talent. The associates we have hired to lead this expansion are highly experienced, have an average more than 20 years of experience in the high net worth marketplace. I understand its unique requirements for inspection of risks, coverage valuation and specialized claims service. Those leaders, in turn, have trained staff who can deliver enhanced services and quality underwriting, including local face-to-face interaction with agents and policyholders. During the first quarter, we launched our Executive Capstone suite of high net worth insurance products in New Jersey, and things continue to go well, with the agencies we have appointed in New York City and thereby areas. Turning to renewals, our property/casualty policies in the first quarter of 2016, we are pleased with average price increases that were generally in line with the fourth quarter of 2015. Average renewal price increases for commercial lines continued at percentages in the low single digit range. That average includes the muting effect of three year policies that were not yet subject to renewal during the first quarter. For commercial property and commercial auto policies that did renew during the first quarter, we continue to obtain meaningful price increases, both averaging in the mid single digit range. Our most profitable commercial lines of business in recent quarters, commercial casualty and workers compensation had price changes similar to a quarter ago. Commercial casualty averaged first quarter increases in the low single digit range, while workers compensation averaged decreases in the low single digit range. Our personal auto policies averaged first quarter renewal price percentage increases in the mid-single digit range, and the average for our homeowners policies was also in that range. For our excess and surplus line segment, each first quarter 2016 average renewal price percentage increases remain near the high end of the low single digit range. That segment experienced another outstanding quarter, including a combined ratio below 70%. Our life insurance subsidiary, including income from its investment portfolio, also had a strong quarter of performance. Owned premiums rose 9% and operating profit was 25% higher than the first quarter of 2015. Our primary measure of financial performance, the value creation ratio, came in at 5.7%. Generally higher valuations in securities markets boosted the contribution of our strong operating performance, setting the good pace for reaching our goal of an average annual VCR of 10% to 13%. While we are pleased with the recent good performance, we remain keenly focused on underwriting profitability and growth. We are very confident in company associates, and the agencies they partner with, as we seek to continually improve performance. I will now ask our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, to share his highlights for other areas of our financial performance. Mike Sewell Great. Thank you, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. I will start with some key points about our first quarter investment results. It was a great quarter for investments, in part, because we reported on 11th consecutive quarter of year-over-year investment income growth, with an increase of 4%. We also had increases in the fair value and unrealized gain positions of both our equity and bond portfolios and ended the first quarter of 2016, with a net unrealized gain of more than $2.3 billion before taxes, including over $1.9 billion for our common stock portfolio. Our bond portfolio, interest income again rose, despite declining average yields, in part due to the first quarter 2016 net purchases. The bond portfolio's pre-tax average yield reported at 4.65% was five basis points lower than a year ago. Taxable bonds purchased during the first quarter had an average pre-tax yield of 4.77%, 43 basis points higher than what we experienced a year ago. Tax exempt bonds purchased averaged 3.03%, 10 basis points lower than a year ago. Our bond portfolio's effective duration of March 31st was 4.8 years, up slightly from 4.7 years at year end. Cash flow from operating activities continue to fuel investment income growth. Funds generated from net operating cash flows for the first three months of 2016 rose 20% compared to a year ago to $257 million and helped generate $111 million of net purchases of securities for our investment portfolio. As always, we work carefully to manage our expenses, at the same time, strategically investing in our business. Our first quarter 2016 property/casualty underwriting expense ratio improved slightly compared with a year ago. Our loss reserves experienced another quarter of consistency, both in our approach to setting overall reserves, ending favorable reserve development on prior accident years. So for the first quarter of 2016, favorable reserve development benefitted our combined ratio by 5.6 percentage points, better than the 2.2 points for the first quarter of last year, and more in line with the 5.0 points for the last three quarters of 2015. Reserve development so far in 2016 had a good spread, over most of our major lines of businesses and over recent accident years, including 63% for accident year 2015 and 27% for accident year 2014. Overall reserves, including accident year 2016 rose $99 million in the first quarter, including $95 million for the IBNR portion. Even with a prudent increase in IBNR reserves, our first quarter underwriting results were very good, as our combined ratio nearly matched the 91.1% full year 2015 ratio.  We remain in excellent shape, regarding our capital, strength, liquidity and financial flexibility. Cash and marketable securities for our parent company at the end of the quarter, totaled just over $1.9 billion, up 9% from year end. Our capital is well positioned to support future profitable growth of our insurance operations and other capital management actions, such as returning capital to shareholders. As I usually do, I will conclude my prepared remarks with a summary of the contributions during the first quarter to book value per share. They represent the main drivers of our value creation ratio. Property/casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.38. Life insurance operations added $0.06. Investment income, other than life insurance reduced by non-insurance items, contributed $0.41. The change in unrealized gains at March 31, for the fixed income portfolio net of realized gains and losses, increased book value per share by $0.46. The change in unrealized gains of March 31 for the equity portfolio, net of realized gains and losses, increased book value by $0.93, and we declared $0.48 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect, was a book value increase of $1.76 during the first quarter to a record $40.96 per share. And now, I will turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. I'd like to take a moment to thank our associates, who are stepping up to increase expertise, innovation and efficiency. The positive impact of their efforts is evident in our results. But we aren't doing it alone. We enjoy working with the most professional independent agencies across the country. As we continue to meet with them during our sales meeting tour, we are hearing great examples of our agents and associates working together to be everything insurance should be. For the people, and businesses and their communities. As we work together with our agency partners, to maintaining this momentum, we continue to seek incremental operational improvements to produce value for shareholders in the near term and for the long term. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions, and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you, during the remainder of the year. As a reminder, with Mike and me today, are Jack Schiff, Jr., Ken Stecher, J.F. Scherer, Eric Matthews, Marty Mullen and Marty Hollenbeck. Jessa, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Joshua Shanker: Yeah, good morning everyone.
Steve Johnston: Good morning Josh.
Joshua Shanker: Good morning, I think my first question is for Marty Hollenbeck; want to know what your equity view is and then how you are positioning the portfolio, with thoughts over the next six to 12 months and rates and what not?
Marty Hollenbeck: Good question Josh. As you know by now, we don't do a lot of short term manipulation of portfolio. We try to build a solid foundation and let it go. Our investing style, particularly in the equity front, didn't hold up all that well last year, non-dividend payers, non-quality names kind of ruled the day. First quarter clearly went our way, worked [ph] our style and with a few names, and particularly that caused us a couple of issues last year, really nicely rebounding. So I'd say, in the next six to 12 months, you will probably see us more or less pulled [ph] in there, I think the equity allocation is going to hover in that low to mid 30s range for a while here. On the fixed income front, we still tend to see value in municipals, an area that I think we have got room to put some money. Energy names had taken a bit of a hit, we have seen some rebound there both on the equity and fixed income front. So to answer your question, obviously a lot of large scale reconfigured portfolio.
Joshua Shanker: Okay. And if you look at the E&S segment, obviously you guys don't have a big presence there. But there were a lot of favorables involved in that category. Are you at a point where you have a big enough data set, where you can rely in your own data, was that one large case that proved particularly favorable? How should we think about such a large relief in such a small segment?
Mike Sewell: This is Mike; that's a great question and first of all, we still -- we remain very excited about the progress that we have been making, the growth that's occurred since we started. E&S; you know, as you saw, the net written premiums were up 7% for the quarter to $45 million, the combined ratio doing well, with the prior year development and so forth. But we have used a consistent approach to setting those reserves in the recent years. Although we lack many years of paid loss data, and with the high growth rates in insured exposures, which of course is reflected in the premium growth. The increases, the uncertainty of the estimated ultimate losses, and so we tended to be conservative while setting those E&S reserves, because we don't have that long history, but we are getting there. So the current process, what I could tell you is consistent with the prior year, and time will tell, but we aim to be consistent with our process and we think we are on the right path there.
Joshua Shanker: So this was a -- it was a IBNR release, not a case release -- how can I -- is there any way to wrap my head around it?
Mike Sewell: That's exactly right. It was really more so of a -- I will say an IBNR release, and when you look at the prior year development that we had, of the 5.6 points in total, about one point was related to E&S. So we ended up with a 4.6 for the remainder of the book, but that's a good way to look at it.
Marty Hollenbeck: It wasn't due to any one claim, as Mike mentioned, it was an overall IBNR.
Joshua Shanker: Yup. That's perfect. And then just one more, I think its early days; there is a lot of moving pieces we are going to be seeking; you talk about the high net worth homeowners market; your entry into it, and what your agents, who are seeing changes with ex-Chubb, what their demands are and how we can think about this over the next three years, maybe?
J.F. Scherer: Josh, this is J.F.; yeah, you might recall, that Will Van Den Heuvel joined us several years ago and so we were pleased that he did join us. But as Steve mentioned in his remarks, we have been writing high net worth, and on a smaller scale, about 10% of our book of business in the past. But Will has joined us, he has recruited some very talented people, very experienced people. Our entry into New York, Long Island, New Jersey and later this year in California has been met with a lot of receptivity by agencies in those areas; as well as obviously, our agencies throughout the country. So obviously, there has been a little bit of disruption in that marketplace, the realignment has had an effect. Agencies do want to have a choice, broad choice to provide to their policyholders. And so between Will's experience and credibility in the marketplace, as well as his teams, and our good reputation with independent agents, we are pleased with the response we are getting. We are getting a decent flow of business, it's not in our intent to explode on to the scene. Though we have had good success. So overall, we are pleased with the progress, steady as she goes. We think that we are going to be pretty successful in this area.
Joshua Shanker: Historically, obviously legacy Chubb was very large in this business, and they have said, the real growth in this business comes from finding homeowners, who are potentially high net worth individuals, who currently have traditional levels of coverage, and are being ill-served by the market. Do you find your growth is coming from expansion of the percentage of high net worth individuals seeking out a better class of insurance? Or do you find its market share transfer among the players, who particularly look to themselves high net worth underwriters?
J.F. Scherer: I think it has been mixed. Some real great examples we have are policyholders that have been with direct writers, or companies that might not necessarily have been described as having an expertise in the high net worth area. We have seen some business from some of the bigger players. So it has really been mixed. I can't really tell you exactly what the policyholder is thinking. We are more in tune with what the agent is thinking about how they want to position their service to people. We are getting opportunities across the board. We got 1,500 agencies in the original 31 states of first lines for us, that because of the increase in our appetite, for high net worth, the experience we are bringing to the table, they are more comfortably going out and soliciting high net worth business, and where in the past they may have isolated their submissions to other carriers, they are giving us a shot as well. So it's not any one thing, it's real [indiscernible] across the board. We are pleased with the kind of receptivity we are getting.
Steve Johnston: And Josh, I'd like to add too that the infrastructure that we have I think is important. When we thought about this decision originally, we really thought about our claims department and how strong they are and how they treat everybody like their high net worth client and we feel we have got a great infrastructure there. Our technology is quite good. Our diamond system, we had in new agency appointment in here, and I ask her what drew her to Cincinnati; she wrote, personal lines in the East Coast, and she said without a doubt, without hesitation that our diamond personal line system, that was highly efficient, allowed them to do business efficiently. So I think that infrastructure is a plus. Also our expense ratio for personal lines came in the quarter at 29.2. So I think that bodes well for us. One other point I'd like to make, and I think it comes through, but I want to emphasize it, is we talk about high net worths -- what we are doing in the high net worth space; our respect for all the players in that space, all the other carriers is extremely high. They are very talented, and we want to make sure to make that point, as we discuss our entry into the space, or our renewed focus on the space.
Joshua Shanker: Well that's very succinct and thank you and congratulations on a very good quarter.
Steve Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome from Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
Paul Newsome: Good morning, and congratulations on the quarter. I was wondering if you could kind of go through the accident year decline, particularly in the personal lines? And just talk about the components of why it looks like it felt quite a bit and obviously -- I am curious as to just how sustainable that lower number is potentially?
Steve Johnston: Maybe I will start out and Mike can jump in here. We did see improvement, we think there is a lot of hardwork that's paying off. We did have favorable development in there. Part of that had to do with how we allocate our DCCE reserves and I think probably Mike might be the best to cover that at this point.
Mike Sewell: Great, thanks Steve, and thanks for the question. So on the personal lines side, we did have $18 million of favorable development between the personal and homeowners, which is primarily where it was at. Personal auto, was $9 million, and homeowners was $8 million. First, what I will start off with is, to say; again, we do follow a steady and consistent methodology in saving the reserves, and we do look at that process every reporting period. So from time-to-time, we make refinements to better the estimates, for changing times, trends, cost indicators, efforts applied, etcetera. And so, as we stated in our 10-Q, we didn't need a refinement during the quarter to our expense reserves, which is also known as AOE, which are an estimate for the costs related to our claims department associates, as they settle claims. And so that estimate includes assumptions of really varying labor intensive by type of claims or line of business. So this refinement, while I mentioned, is it moved AOE reserves among all the lines of businesses that we have. But in total, it had a zero effect amongst all the lines for the company in total. So on a given line, by personal line to auto, you can actually see the refinement a little bit better. So all of the $9 million favorable development in the personal lines auto was really related to this refinement, while there was virtually little to really no effect to be seen on the personal lines homeowners. So had we not reflected this refinement, personal line to auto, prior year development, really would have been really flat or about $1 million adverse. So when you pull all that together, it is a -- there was a little something special in there, but we are constantly looking at our processes, how we set our reserves from time-to-time, we do have refinements, and so you are seeing a little bit of that in the personal lines, that you may or may not be able to see refinements in the future, but they do occur. Sorry for the long answer, but I hope that got to the basis of your question.
Paul Newsome: I think so. So that affects the reserve development, but does it affect the accident year number?
Mike Sewell: For the most part, really, all of that occurred in accident year 2015. So when you are looking at the refinement, we are looking at the different accident years. Personal auto, being a little bit shorter tailed, it's going to affect really the recent year, more so than going back prior years. So predominantly, 2015.
Paul Newsome: Would it affect the 2016 first quarter --
Mike Sewell: Well that's going to be baked in with how we -- the refinement is now already baked in for 2016. So you will see that already in the initial reserves, as they have been set.
Paul Newsome: Okay. I don't want to beat a dead horse. Thank you. Congrats on the quarter.
Steve Johnston: And I guess, maybe to make sure we are addressing it, you're probably looking at the current accident year, 51.5 in the supplement, relative to where it was at 55.5, and I just think there is going to be a blend there. We do feel very confident in the work that has been done in personal auto, in terms of what we mentioned. With the rate increases, the underwriting, and renewed emphasis there. But we also know, it’s a tough line, not only for us, but for the industry as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Heleniak from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scott Heleniak: Hi good morning. Thanks. Just -- want to start just by asking, we have heard a number of conference calls already, just people talking about a lot of dislocation out there and I know, some of the companies you are referring to, don't exactly play in the same lines you guys do, but wondering if you could just comment on that, and what your perspective is and what you are seeing over the past couple of quarters from some of the trends going on in the marketplace?
Steve Johnston: Scott, are you talking about the merger activity?
Scott Heleniak: Yeah, AIG and Zurich and people falling back in lines in M&A; I don't know if there is any read around that for you guys specifically?
Steve Johnston: You know, honestly, no. I don't think we have seen an awful lot of it in the lines we are playing and the size of accounts that we generally go after. In all honesty, we have been to 16 sales meetings this spring, talking to agents from around the country, talking to all of our field underwriters. And I can't say that it's really, in all honesty, that it was brought up at all, as an opportunity or something that they are seeing a lot in the marketplace. So I don't know that we have much comment there.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. And then, just on workers comp, you guys have had really good margins there for a while, looks like you pulled back a little bit this quarter. I know some of the other company that they are still pretty aggressively growing in this line. So just wondered if you could just talk about what your appetite and kind of what you are seeing out there within workers comp specifically?
Steve Johnston: We consider ourselves a market, [indiscernible] agencies that we are interested in. But we are not as aggressive as some of the folks that you have described. I would say, our appetite is conservative. We really don't write mono-line comp, for example. We don't target workers comp policies, we write package business or I should say accounts. So when we are writing the package, the auto, the umbrella, and we are comfortable, based on underwriting that we'd like to write the comp, then we will go after it. I would say, you'd never describe us as an aggressive player in the comp. Notwithstanding the fact that it's going well for us, we could be happier with the improvement in our loss ratio and the surfaces that we are offering. It's just a line of business that just requires a lot of cautiousness in our opinion.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. Good answer. And you guys announced entering New Jersey, and then later on this year, California. Is that going to be personal lines only, or is that going to be eventually commercial line as well?
Steve Johnston: It is personal lines only, and both of those states, we would anticipate sometime in the future, that we will probably go in from a commercial line standpoint, but any time in the near future.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. And then just one last question on, I guess this question is for Marty, just on some of the new securities you purchased this quarter off the higher yields, can you just give just some commentary in what areas specifically you are talking about, and would you continue to do this in the next few quarters, assuming these securities are at similar levels, just to get their higher yield?
Steve Johnston: You're talking fixed income or equities or both?
Scott Heleniak: Fixed income. Yeah.
Steve Johnston: Yeah I think in the quarter, you saw a clear widening of credit spreads on the corporate front, particularly in the first half that moderate quite a bit. Munis tended to track, treasuries; as I mentioned earlier, munis, just because of our profitability continue to be attractive on that front, as well as just on an absolute after-tax risk adjusted basis, we continue to find them attractive. We also lost a lot of munis in the last several years. As you might expect, due to calls. So we continue to just grind away, we are primarily new issue buyers, that's almost exclusively the case in munis, predominantly the case in corporate. So part of it spends on the calendar. So we will continue to do what we have been doing, just looking -- owing to after-tax risk adjusted opportunities.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. So mostly the higher muni purchases and corporates is what drove the average yield a little bit higher then?
Steve Johnston: Yeah, typically corporates.
Scott Heleniak: Corporates? Okay. Thanks. That's all I have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman from Balyasny. Please go ahead.
Ian Gutterman: Thank you. Steve, a little late getting on, so if I might ask anything you guys already talked about but; but the reinsurance business in the quarter, can you just give any color on what lines of business and -- I guess it was mostly quarter share, but maybe the mix of quarter share in XoL as well?
Steve Johnston: Good question. It hasn't come up yet, Ian; and I think it's just a measure we are using to very opportunistic allocated capital approach. So we are really not focusing on particular lines of business. And so, we are just looking at them account by account, trying to make sure that we understand each one, both quantitatively and qualitatively. And since we are, I think, in a pretty good position as a startup, we can be very selective. But it is not driven by any particular line or coverage type.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. I just want to -- and was there a split of like property versus casualty reinsurance you can share, or anything like that?
Steve Johnston: I don't really have a precise number. It was a good mix. In that 50-50 range, give or take. But I don't think you should read anything into that in terms of run rate or anything, as we do look at it opportunistically.
Ian Gutterman: Got it. And the comment about the AOE update, is that also the explanation for the big release in the other commercial, or is there something else going on there?
Steve Johnston: No. I think that issue is a little bit separate. So again, just looking at the reserves, following a consistent process and looking at it from a quarter-to-quarter basis. So that was a little bit different.
Ian Gutterman: Okay.
Steve Johnston: All in the normal process. But mostly case in the D&L. 
Ian Gutterman: Okay, got it. And then just a follow-up on Josh's question on the E&S releases; this is the second quarter in a row frankly, where they have been very large. I mean, they have been very strong for a while, I thought maybe double the run rate the past two quarters. Is there any sort of -- does it have to do with just the business being a year older, that more is coming through, or does that have to do with more comfort in your own data? I am just kind of wondering, not necessarily was there a process change, but just is there sort of a mechanical change, I guess, that just adds to that businesses, has it got more mature, and we should kind of expect more in the last few quarters trend than we saw before?
Steve Johnston: Certainly, there was nothing, again, nothing that was special that was in there probably in our normal process. I would say that, it was spread over -- actually, that one was spread over some pretty evenly accident years. So you are looking at 2015, 2014, 2013, about $4 million for really each one of those and $4 million per year, and then it was $3 million for accident year 2013 and prior. So it was really just following our standard process, and again, it's kind of tough, as we are growing it, its still, I will say young, but you got a lot of new policies coming in. We are just -- we are being conservative in the way we set our [indiscernible] there.
Ian Gutterman: Got it. And then, I don't think -- hope I am not reasking, I don't think I heard anyone ask much about market competition. It seems fairly stable from last quarter, but just wondering anecdotally there is -- we all see marketsguy, which I know isn't the best; or CIAB, which aren't necessarily the best indicators. But they do seem to suggest, and I do think Brandon Brown suggested increased competition. It doesn't really -- [indiscernible] going to be shown up for you or the others who have reported so far. Just -- does it feel if the climate is stable, or are you starting to see some -- maybe in some regions, some competitors being a little bit more aggressive on the margin and you are trying to hold the line or just, any color you can provide?
Steve Johnston: Yeah, I think that's a good way of describing it. There are some competitors on the margin that are -- that kind of distinguish themselves as being out there. But anecdotally, the feedback we have gotten from both agents and like as I mentioned before, field underwriters, is that it’s a competitive market. But its stable and that the field reps have felt very comfortable, that we have got good submission flow, and that we had to pick our way through things. I think the concerns that are out there at the agency level, is that there is competition, so there probably are more accounts that are being shopped. Just to protect, make certain that they are comfortable at the pricing. One of the areas that we are pleased about, is our three year policy strategy. That keeps, because of the commitment we make to policyholders, and with the three year guarantees, we think few of our policies are shopped through soft markets and hard markets. But particularly right now, its attractive from our standpoint. The one area that I would mention, is that we are seeing a conspicuous amount of competition would be in the E&S side. We have a fairly conservative underwriting appetite in E&S, so I guess it's fair to say that we might be a little bit on the margin between standard and non-standard, and a lot of the business that we write. But we are seeing a more larger E&S accounts that are being taken into the standard side. And that's probably a little bit of why the E&S growth rate wasn't as robust as it has been in the past. Is that we have seen some larger accounts leave us. And so -- and once a standard market carrier is willing to take the account, there is no amount of pricing that we can apply, if we wanted to, to retain it.
Ian Gutterman: Exactly. Is there -- do you have any ability to move it amongst your balance sheets I guess, because it could move from an E&S account of yours to a standard account of yours if you wanted to keep it, or is it just not the same?
Steve Johnston: Absolutely. We tend to write accounts in that area. In other words, its normal for us, probably close to 40% to 50% of the E&S policies we write. We are writing the standard side of that business or that account. And there is discussion between our access and surplus line subsidiary, and our standard side, when we may feel that -- well we have taken in account and had it for several years on the E&S side, we feel that its operating profitably, and that there would be a receptivity for us to go ahead and write in Cincinnati Insurance Company. So we actively discussed that possibility. But we are pretty comfortable that the accounts that we lost, to the standard side, it has raised our eyebrows that a standard market would have taken it.
Ian Gutterman: Understood, understood. Very helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Fred Nelson from Crowell Weedon.
Fred Nelson: I just wanted to say, that I get a lot of calls and thank yous for what you folks have done for people that own a stock over the last 15 years; and they say, what is the secret? And I say, number one, it doesn't take any real special credentials to bring joy and happiness to others, but I have found the people at Cincinnati; number one, they go to the front, they find out what their customers are doing, what their agents are doing. And I said -- and the spirit around the company and they promote people, and I said, they call that a price conscious philosophy, and I just want to say, it has been wonderful, and just keep it up. And by the way, Fireman is done, they are leaving California, they cancelled me, and there is an opportunity here for what you folks do. And what share count are you using for your financials for the first quarter? That's all I need to do?
Steve Johnston: In terms of our share count, it's about $166 million Fred. 
Fred Nelson: $156 million or $166 million.
Steve Johnston: $166 million.
Fred Nelson: There you go. Thank you and thank you gentlemen and ladies.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Fred, and thank you so much for your comments regarding us.
Ian Gutterman: You guys deserve it.
Steve Johnston: Thank you. That means a lot.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I turn the call back over to the presenters.
Steve Johnston: Okay. Thank you, Jessa. Before we end, I did want to correct one set of numbers that I gave in the answer to Paul Newsome's question, I picked up the wrong line and in terms Paul, the auto current accident year combined, loss ratios before catastrophes, its 79.1 for the third quarter, 81.6 same quarter a year ago. But my comments reflected the auto. And with that, I'd like to thank all of you for joining us today. We hope to see some of you at our annual shareholders meeting Saturday at the Cincinnati Art Museum. Others are welcome to listen to our web cast of the meeting. It's available at cinfin.com/investors and we look forward to speaking with you again on our second quarter call. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dennis McDaniel - IR Steve Johnston - President and CEO Mike Sewell - CFO, SVP and Treasurer Jack Schiff Jr. - Executive Committee Chairman Ken Stecher - Chairman of the Board J.F. Scherer - Chief Insurance Officer, Cincinnati Insurance Company Eric Matthews - Principal Accounting Officer Marty Hollenbeck - CIO Marty Mullen - Chief Claims Officer, Cincinnati Insurance
Analysts: Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Sally and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cincinnati Financial Corporations' Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the conference over to Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. Please go ahead McDaniel.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello, this is Dennis McDaniel. We thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued the news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents please visit our investor Web site, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call you’ll first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer; and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time some responses maybe made by others in the room with us, including Cincinnati Insurance Company’s Executive Committee Chairman, Jack Schiff, Jr.; Chairman of the Board, Ken Stecher; Chief Insurance Officer for the Cincinnati Insurance Company, J.F. Scherer; Principal Accounting Officer, Eric Matthews; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Chief Claims Officer for Cincinnati Insurance, Marty Mullen. Please note that some of the matters we will be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risk and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. I’ll now turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Dennis and good morning. I’m speaking with you today from Murfreesboro Tennessee. This week, we began our annual tour of sales meetings with our independent agents in more than 20 states. Meeting with agents is essential to our relationship oriented, agency centered strategy that reflects our culture, where we believe actions speak louder than person. There are many benefits to strengthening those relationships and getting information on a first hand basis, and being with agencies energizes our local and headquarters’ management teams. We enjoy this chance to thank our agents in person for all they contribute to the success of Cincinnati Insurance. Their trust in us to serve the people and businesses in their communities produced another great year of underwriting profit and premium growth. Next I want to highlight our financial performance and reiterate our confidence in our strategy, in our ability to execute as well. The strong operating results, we reported for the fourth quarter and for the full year 2015 continue to reflect the steady effort by our associates as we carefully underwrite and price policies, provide overwhelming client service, manage investments and provide support for our operations and agency partners. Excellent company performance in 2015 provided the opportunity to further reward shareholders and was the main driver of the special dividend paid in December. We are very satisfied with our recent overall underwriting results as we reported a fourth quarter 2015 combined ratio of 87.0 and a full year ratio of 91.1%. More favorable weather in 2015 contributed to the full year combined ratio improvement compared with 2014. It’s also important to note, that most of the underlying measures also improved due to contributions from all areas of the company. Our commercial insurance results were a highlight this quarter as our associates and agents achieved a profitable growth and steady pricing. We continue to further segment our renewal and new business opportunities using pricing precision and risk selection decisions that combine data models and underwriter judgment on a policy-by-policy basis. We know that work is critical as we seek to further improve underwriting results. We believe, we can successfully balance prudent underwriting and business growth to make 2016 combined ratios in the low to mid-90% range and 2016’s property casualty premium growth rate within a percentage point of 2015. Our 2015 catastrophe loss ratio was 2.3 points below the average of the previous 10 years. We recognized that weather and significant changes in the industry market conditions that influence insurance policy pricing trends, are variables that will affect the property casualty results, we ultimately report. In 2015, it looks like we met our premium growth objective of outpacing property casualty industry growth based on the industry’s nine month result. We continue to experience outstanding policy retention and average renewal price increases for each of our property casualty segments. That’s attributed to the excellent way our agencies conduct business, as well as to how our underwriters do their jobs. Policy retention rates for both personal and commercial lines were generally consistent with the year ago. For commercial lines, our policy retention continued near the high-end of the mid-80% range and for personal lines it continued in the low to mid-90% range. Our long-term growth strategy includes deploying agencies in areas we are underrepresented, taking care to preserve relationships with established agencies in the franchise like benefit they value. In 2015, we appointed 114 new independent agencies. Similar to recent years, in 2016 we plan to appoint approximately 100 additional agencies that will offer most or all of our property casualty insurance products. We also plan to appoint other agencies that focus on high net worth personal lines clients. In 2016, we are targeting approximately $25 million in high net worth new business written premiums. That includes premiums from our Executive Capstone suite of insurance products and services. We continue to earn new business through our agencies impart due new products and services like our high net worth expansion initiative. For full year 2015 each of our property casualty segments reported an increase in production of new business written premiums. One of the bright spots was the increase in high net worth new business. While its contribution was relatively small amount of overall 2015 new business increase, its growth rate was approximately double the rest of the personal lines operation. The launch of Executive Capstone and prudent expansion of our reinsurance assumed operation provides additional confidence in our ability to continue to diversify and profitably grow premiums in an increasingly tough operating environment. For renewal business in the fourth quarter overall average renewal price increases were similar to the third quarter. Average renewal price increases for commercial lines continued at percentages in the low single-digit range. That average includes the muting effect of three of our policies that were not subject to renewal during the fourth quarter. For commercial property and commercial auto policies that did renew during the fourth quarter, we continue to obtain meaningful price increases with property averaging in the mid single-digit range and auto averaging near the high-end of the low single-digit range. Our most profitable line of business in recent quarters, workers' compensation averaged negative renewal price changes during the fourth quarter. While the average pricing change may have turned negative, we continue to price on a policy-by-policy basis. Certain policies that we determine needed a price increase, received it. Approximately half of our workers' compensation 2015 renewal premiums were for policies with price increases. Our personal auto policies, averaged renewal price increases in the mid single-digit range, while homeowner policies averaged a low single-digit range, down from the third quarter. For our excess and surplus line segment, fourth quarter 2015 average renewal price increases were near the high-end of the low single-digit range, down slightly from the third quarter measure. Our life insurance subsidiary again grew term life insurance premiums, its product line. This business supports account retention for our agents and provides steady contributions to our earnings as it has less co-relation to the weather than our property casualty business. On January 1st of this year, we again renewed all of our primary property treaties that transfer a part of our risk to reinsurers. For both our per-risk treaties and our property catastrophe treaty terms and conditions for 2016 are similar to 2015. While we did receive some modest rate reductions, we expect the amount of ceded premium for both years to be similar because our direct written premiums subject to those treaties are growing. In conclusion, our primary measure of long term financial performance, value creation ratio was 3.4% for full year 2015. The contribution from operating income was the highest it's been in the past five years. However, VCR in total was below our target range due to a decline in securities market value. For 2016 and beyond, we'll stay focused on areas where we have more influence, underwriting profitability and growth. Our insurance business remains in excellent shape. We are as confident as ever in our associates, in the relationships we build with independent agencies and in the ongoing benefits of our strategic initiatives that aim to continually improve performance. I'll now ask our Chief Financial Officer Mike Sewell to comment on investments and other important aspects of our recent financial performance.
Mike Sewell: Great, thank you Steve and thanks to all of you for joining us today. I'll start with some analysis of investment results. Investment income growth for the fourth quarter of 2015 was especially strong at 7%, boosting the full year result to just over 4%. Fourth quarter dividend income was up 14%, dividend amounts in the last quarter of the year tend to be the most variable as some entities return capital or pay special dividends near the end of the calendar year. Interest income rose 4% in the fourth quarter and 3% for the year as we continue to invest the majority of annual net operating cash flow in our bond portfolio. Other than temporary impairments to securities and our stock and bond portfolios totaled more than a typical quarter at $40 million, most of that related to energy stocks affected by declining oil prices. Securities market trends took a toll on the valuation of our investments during 2015. The company has experienced that before and we've maintained our current proven investment approach for over five decades and we have no plans to change it. Our stock portfolio valuation rebounded nicely in the fourth quarter but its year-end 2015 fair value was 3% below where it began the year. The stock market’s rocky ride so far in 2016 has been well publicized, but we choose to keep our focus on the long-term investment strategy and performance. Fair value of our bond portfolio rose 2% for the year despite a significant drop and unrealized gains due to rising interest rates. That drop was offset by net purchases of additional bonds for the portfolio as its amortized cost was up almost 5%. In terms of bond portfolio yields, we reported a fourth quarter 2015 pre-tax average yield of 4.66%, 6 basis points lower than a year ago. That measure on a full year basis also declined by 6 basis points. Taxable bonds purchased during the fourth quarter had an average pre-tax yield of 4.34%, while tax exempt bonds purchased averaged 3.36%. Our bond portfolio's effective duration at the end of 2015 was 4.7 years, up from 4.4 years at year-end 2014, that increase was due primarily to the impact from rising interest rates on callable bonds and does not represent a change in strategy. Cash flow from operating activities continues to help us grow investment income. Funds generated from net operating cash flows for the year 2015 were up 22% to just over $1 billion, contributing to the $631 million of net purchases of securities for our investment portfolio. Turning to property casualty underwriting results, I’ll first comment on two typical items. Number one, careful expense management is still one of our top priorities and is balanced with strategically investing in several parts of our business. That approach combined with premium growth resulted in a slight increase of 0.3 percentage points for our full year 2015 underwriting expense ratio bringing it to 30.9%. That increase was largely due to investments to support our expansion of high net worth personal lines markets. Number two, the primary measures pertaining to our reserves for losses and loss expenses continued in a fairly steady pattern, as we continue to follow a consistent approach. We’ve now experienced 27 consecutive years of overall favorable reserve development. Full year 2015, favorable reserve development on prior accident years benefited our combined ratio by 4.3 percentage points. That was better than the 2.4 points for 2014, when we strengthened commercial casualty reserves. But the 4.3 points was consistent with the 4.1 points we reported for the year 2013. Other than commercial and personal auto, each of our major lines of businesses developed favorably in 2015. We continue to take underwriting and pricing actions to improve our auto results and maintain that we believe is a prudent level of reserves. Our full year 2015 net favorable development was again spread over several accident years, including 33% for accident year 2014, 22% for accident year 2013, 26% for accident year 2012 and 19% for all older accident years in aggregate. Consistent with past years, we continued to aim for reserves reported on our balance sheet to be at levels reflecting net amounts well into the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of net loss and loss expense reserves. Our consolidated property casualty gross and net carried reserves rose 5% during 2015. I also want to highlight the $33 million of fourth quarter 2015 net written premiums we reported for our reinsurance assumed operation, known as Cincinnati Re. At the end of the year, seven diverse treaties were in effect. We are recording written premiums in the period treaties become effective, and will follow the common practice of estimating assumed premium amounts for each treaty’s term based on current information. Premiums will be earned over the coverage period on a pro rata basis, similar to our other property casualty policies. Net of applicable retrocessions, Cincinnati Re’s 2015 net earned premiums totaled $10 million. One capital management item I’ll touch on is additional share repurchases during the fourth quarter of 2015. Shares repurchased during the quarter totaled 200,000 shares at an average price per share of $60.11 that brought the full year 2015 share repurchases to a total of 1 million shares at an average price per share of $53.08. As usual, I’ll conclude my prepared comments by summarizing the contributions during the fourth quarter to book value per share. Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.57. Life insurance operations added $0.06. Investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.47. The change in unrealized gains at December 31st for the fixed income portfolio net of realized gains and losses decreased book value per share by $0.45. The change in unrealized gains at December 31st for the equity portfolio net of realized gains and losses increased book value by $0.70. And we declared $0.92 per share in dividends to shareholders with half of that representing a special dividend. The net effect was a book value increase of $0.43 during the fourth quarter to $39.20 per share. And now, I’ll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Mike. In concluding our prepared remarks I want to acknowledge the fourth quarter ratings upgrade by A.M. Best for our excess and surplus lines subsidiary, The Cincinnati Specialty Underwriters Insurance Company, also known as CSU. With that upgrade A.M. Best rated CSU’s financial strength with a rating of A+ Superior. Performance of our E&S company has been outstanding. For the past two years its combined ratio has been under 80%, while it has maintained double-digit premium growth. We salute our CSU team and the agents who bring us excess and surplus lines business. Also in the fourth quarter A. M. Best affirmed their strong ratings on our standard market property casualty and life insurance companies. With all of our operating segments delivering another year of strong performance, we remain confident that we can deliver long-term shareholder value for years to come. The Board of Directors demonstrated that they share that confidence by recently increasing the quarterly cash dividend to $0.48 per share setting the stage for 56 consecutive years of shareholder dividend increases by your company. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you during the remainder of the year. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Jack Schiff, Jr., Ken Stecher, J.F. Scherer, Eric Matthews, Marty Mullen and Marty Hollenbeck. Sally, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill. Your line is open.
Paul Newsome: I have a big-picture question and a small one. The big picture is, have we gotten to the point where we want to have another sort of five-year goal of pretty serious premium growth in the future and if you could solidify that more I'd love to hear about what you think of that? And then the small question is maybe there was a pretty good size reserve release in the excess and surplus lines business. That sort of stuck out at me. I know it's not the biggest thing in your book, but just curious as to why that might have happened?
Steve Johnston: Yes. Good questions both of them. In terms of the premium growth we think obviously growing our company is important and especially given the profitability, the level of capital that we have, growth is important to us. In terms of our goal for 2016, our net written premium is 6%. In terms of 2015, I am not sure that we have publicly announced that yet, we are working on that. But we want to continue to have strong growth. In terms of the excess and surplus lines, it was just the result of the normal consistent year-end reserve analysis that goes on. I think we always want to be prudent especially with something like excess and surplus lines and over that period of time we have been prudent in just the data, the actuaries felt, reflected the reserve release that we did during the fourth quarter, very consistent approach.
Paul Newsome: On the first question, should we expect some announcement? Are you working on another big strategy plan that you want to announce at some point? Or is that something you -- I mean should we expect an announcement sometime in the future?
Steve Johnston: I don’t think anytime soon but just rest assured that we continue to think long-term work towards the long-term growth, we have a long-term strategy and that we are really working on strategic planning and in a more detailed approach to strategic planning than ever before with the look towards the long-term.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Mark Dwelle with RBC capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark Dwelle: Not much in the numbers that really was terribly surprising. I did want to ask on -- you did an awful lot of capital management in the quarter relative to your normal run rate. If you weigh in the dividend increase, which was not wholly unexpected, and along with the special dividend, along with another quarter of modest but consistent buyback activity, I mean I guess it just strikes me that this is more capital management than I've seen from the company in a while. And I am wondering how you are thinking about that in general and what expectations we might have in the future, beyond just the normal a couple-cent dividend increase that is now pretty much expected?
Steve Johnston: A good question Mark and I think it just basically came down to having a really strong year on an operating basis. We wanted to return capital to our shareholders, I think I would look at it just as kind of a right sizing of capital or a step in that direction. I think in terms of as we go forward I would just think of us being steady, the yield on our dividend now is around 3.4% I believe. I would not automatically count in another special dividend next year just because we did one this past year I think it was a special dividend and should be thought about in those regards, but we do recognize that capital management is important. And again we just set forth the results, the reserving, the balance sheet everything we would do we want to be steady and with a long-term focus. And I don’t know maybe Mike would have something to add to that.
Mike Sewell: No, I think that was exactly right. The buybacks that we did this year were maintenance that we've been saying throughout the year, so you will be looking at that for 2016, but looking at other ways of investing in our business, the way that we’ve been saying and with our high net worth, the Cincinnati Re, and investment in technology, we’re going to be using our capital in various ways.
Mark Dwelle: Okay, that’s helpful. Second question I had, and maybe this is a propos of your meetings with your agency base, I’m interested in understanding kind of the customer mindset. We hear a lot about rate cuts and so forth. Is that -- do your agents begin their discussions with their customers anticipating that there’ll be rate cuts? Or are people happy with flat renewals? I’m just trying to get a little bit into the mindset of what the average Cincinnati Financial customer is thinking when their policy renewal comes up?
J.F. Scherer: Mark, this is J.F. The topics of conversation we’ve had over the last three days at our sales meetings. I think, I guess, I would characterize it has been surprisingly fewer conversations about terrific competition or anything of that nature. I think the expectation right now is that the account has performed well that they would have flat renewals, maybe some slight decreases is the way agencies would tee it up with us, in their discussions with us. They also understand and they hear from other carriers that segmentation is the key here and that there are still policyholders out there that deserve and in our book of business are getting rate increases. So I guess I would characterize the marketplace as not out of control. There is a few war stories that come through that there are some surprising things going on. Clearly everyone’s results are good. Everyone wants to increase shelf space in agencies. A lot of agencies would be discussing two prospective clients saying that you should expect a price decrease. But I guess, I have come away from these last three sales meetings feeling pretty good about stability. Our three year policy, in a marketplace like this, in any marketplace really, but in this marketplace plays out well there is a lot of a lot of policyholders that are appreciative of the consistency of our approach with them. Their policies aren’t renewing this year. Just because there may be some chatter out there about rate decreases it doesn’t mean they want to go through the process of completely reevaluating their insurance program. So clearly there is going to be a fair amount of competition out there. We are seeing in the excess and surplus lines area a little bit of a pickup of E&S business going back to the standard market which is pretty typical for this type of a phase of the marketplace. So maybe that is a little more than you were asking for, but that kind of gives you a little bit of the flavor that we’re experiencing.
Mark Dwelle: No, it is very helpful. Thanks, J.F. I guess the last question I wanted to ask is, I guess maybe more recent and somewhat dear to my own situation. Have you seen any kind of surge or unusual uptick in claims related to the various winter storms that hit the East Coast and I guess now most recently the Midwest?
Marty Mullen: Yes hi Mark, this is Marty Mullen. Actually, our activity has been fairly light to modest as far as our activity from the East Coast. They have experienced certainly some freeze and winter storm losses, but our ultimate claim count from those mid-January events is very light considering I think what’s going on in the industry and I think from our perspective it’s been almost a non-event. We’ve projected our ultimate loss to be somewhere in the area of $3 million. That gives you some idea of our experience.
Mark Dwelle: That’s not bad. All right, very good. Thanks, guys.
Steve Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Joshua Shanker: I want to know that what you're hearing from customers, agents, and underwriters regarding high net worth homeowners in the wake of the ACE-Chubb merger?
J.F. Scherer: Hi, Josh, J.F. here, we’re getting a lot of real favorable feedback and that is relative to our activity. As you can imagine, there is less choice out there for independent agencies that had represented Fireman's Fund and the Chubb and ACE. So they’re looking for more choice. Feedback has been good not only from our current agency force. In fact in Atlanta on Tuesday we had a workshop, if you will, an introductory workshop for agents and 90 agencies attended, which, you just have to take my word for that, that’s a huge number of agencies that are showing interest in high net worth. We’ve been very successful in appointing on our first wave of agencies in the New York City, Long Island, Westchester County area. In New Jersey, which we will open in March we have had quite a few agencies calling us interested in representing Cincinnati Insurance Company. I think it’s worth noting that the person that will be spearheading our East Coast strategy is a gentlemen with the name of Joe Kinsey. Joe previously was President of Fireman’s Fund personal lines. He joined us a few months ago. Joe had worked with Will Van Den Heuvel previously. So we're pleased to get that kind of talent for the company. Will was in California a couple of weeks ago talking to agents out there, there is a lot of interest there. So, I think between the talent and the people that are working with us in high net worth, the reputation we have among agents, the financial strength that we represent, the good claims reputation we have as a company. We are feeling really good where we are now in high net worth.
Joshua Shanker: Will you appoint an agent who wants to use you as a high net worth resource even if they are not yet sure that they're going to use you for other lines?
Steve Johnston: Yes we will.
Joshua Shanker: You will, okay thanks.
Steve Johnston: And in fact, in New York City, Long Island, lower New York State that’s what we are doing is appointing agencies for high net worth only that will be the case in New Jersey. We are not active in commercial lines in New Jersey. We are also not active in -- and when I say not active, we are licensed to write risk there but we don’t have an agency force in New Jersey, nor do we have in California. So, in all those states those will all be high net worth only appointments.
Joshua Shanker: That sounds like a great opportunity for you. Good luck.
Steve Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Mr. Johnston I will turn the call back over to you.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Sally and we appreciate all of you joining us today on our call. And we look forward to speaking with you again in the coming months. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dennis McDaniel - IR Steve Johnston - President & CEO Mike Sewell - CFO, SVP & Treasurer J.F. Scherer - EVP & Chief Insurance Officer
Analysts: Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management
Operator: Good morning, my name is Nick and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer, you may begin your conference.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello, this is Dennis McDaniel at Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Late yesterday we issued a news release about our results along with our supplemental financial package including our quarter end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our Investors website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is a quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call you will first hear from Steve Johnston, Pres. and Chief Executive Officer and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including the Cincinnati Insurance Company's Executive Committee Chairman, Jack Schiff, Jr.; Chairman of the Board, Ken Stecher; Chief Insurance Officer for Cincinnati Insurance, J.F. Scherer; Principal Accounting Officer, Eric Matthews; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Chief Claims Officer for Cincinnati Insurance, Marty Mullen. First please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to those risks and uncertainties we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. Now I will turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our third quarter results. Overall it was another strong quarter. Our results reflect well on our strategy and on the efforts of our associates and independent agents. We continue to see ongoing benefits from executing on the fundamentals while enhancing performance through various initiatives. Together our underwriting programs and investment philosophy translated into substantial underwriting profit and the ninth consecutive quarter in our streak of investment income growth. Disciplined underwriting and pricing on each policy was slightly offset by less favorable weather-related catastrophe of facts than in the third quarter of last year. In total we achieved a third quarter 2015 consolidated property casualty combined ratio of 87.8%. Our nine-month 2015 combined ratio before catastrophe effects was also 87.8%, improving that ratio from both full-year 2014 and 2013. Each of our major lines of business have performed well so far this year except for commercial auto and personal auto. We continue to take action through better pricing precision and other initiatives for improved performance over time for our auto business. In late 2011 we established a long-term target of profitably reaching $5 billion in direct written premiums by the end of 2015. While it looks like we won't quite reach that level this year, we have often emphasized that we seek to grow only where we believe we can do so profitably. I am pleased with our overall underwriting profitability so far this year and won't be disappointed if we don't write $5 billion in premium until 2016. Over the past five years or so our premium growth has approximately doubled the U.S. P&C industry. We continue to earn quality new business from our agencies including areas we've been emphasizing such as personal lines products and services for our agency's higher net worth clients. Of the $16 million increase in nine-month new business written premiums for our personal lines segment, nearly 20% of the increase was from high net worth policies. We launched Executive Capstone, our new suite of high net worth insurance products, in New York during September. We expect those products to contribute significantly to profitable premium growth over time. We're on track with progress for an initiative we announced in the second quarter, expansion of reinsurance assumed which we refer to as Cincinnati Re. We have an experienced executive leading the effort and continues to develop a small team of excellent people to help execute our plans. We aim to remain disciplined in this expansion, particularly during tough reinsurance market conditions. At September 30 we had entered into a handful of diverse treaties. If each treaty remains in effect for its full-term and premiums that are subject to the risks we're reinsuring occur as anticipated, we estimate those treaties should generate approximately $30 million in premiums over the next year or so. Premiums, losses and expenses recognized during the third quarter of 2015 for our reinsurance assumed program were each less than $500,000, an immaterial effect on results for the quarter. Turning to renewal policies, as we further segment our business we use pricing precision tools and informed underwriter judgment to select and retain policies at prices we believe provide an appropriate return for the risk we assume. Overall pricing for the third quarter was similar to the second quarter. Average renewal price increases for commercial lines continued at percentages in the low-single-digit range. That average includes the muting effect of three year policies that were not yet subject to renewal during the third quarter. For commercial property and commercial auto policies that did renew during the third quarter, we continue to obtain meaningful price increases with property averaging in the mid-single-digit range and auto averaging near the high end of the low-single-digit range. Our most profitable line of business in recent quarters, workers compensation, averaged slightly negative pricing during the quarter. While the average pricing change may have been negative, we continue to price on a policy-by-policy basis. Certain policies that we determined needed a price increase received it. Our personal auto policies average renewal price increases near the low end of the mid-single-digit range while home owner policies were a little higher in that range. For excess and surplus line segment, third quarter 2015 averaged renewal price percentage increases that were near the low end of the middle-single-digit range. The NS segment continues to perform very well producing another quarter with a combined ratio below 80% and double-digit growth in net written premium. Our life insurance subsidiary, including income from its investment portfolio, also had another good quarter. Strong growth in profit in the third quarter brought our nine-month life insurance results above last year's. Our primary measure of financial performance, the value creation ratio, is by design long-term in nature. We know that measure may sometimes fall below target in the short term due to securities market volatility. We're staying focused on underwriting profitability and growth. Our insurance business is in excellent shape contributing more significantly to this year's nine-month value creation than a year ago. We have confidence in all of our associates, in the relationships we build with independent agencies and in the ongoing benefits of our strategic initiatives that aim to continually improve performance. I would like to conclude by expressing my sympathy for those impacted by the flooding this fall. We sent a storm team of our own highly trained associates to South Carolina to meet face-to-face with policyholders, quickly beginning the recovery process. We currently estimate our total losses from that industry catastrophe event to reach between $4 million and $8 million -- that is $4 million and $8 million. I will now ask our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, to highlight other aspects of our recent financial performance.
Mike Sewell: Great, thank you, Steve. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. First I will highlight some important aspects of our third quarter investment results. While the fair value of our equity portfolio fell 4% during the quarter, we ended that period with a net unrealized gain of over $1.5 billion before taxes for our common stock holdings in total. We had another quarter of investment income growth with an increase of 4%. All 50 common stocks in our core portfolio increased their annual regular dividend over the 12-month period of October 2014 through September 2015. The median dividend increase for those stocks was 7.6%. For our equity maturity portfolio -- I'm sorry, for our fixed maturity portfolio interest income rose despite declining average yields in part due to 9-month 2015 net purchases totaling $486 million. The bond portfolio's third quarter 2015 pretax average yield reported at 4.62% was 14 basis points lower than a year ago. Taxable bonds purchased during the third quarter had an average pretax yield of 4.64% while tax exempt bonds purchased average 3.32%. In both cases those yields are higher than we experienced a year ago. Our bond portfolio's effective duration at September 30 was 4.7 years, up from 4.4 years at year end. The increase was due -- primarily due to the impact from rising interest rates on our callable bonds, not a change in strategy. Cash flow from operating activities again contributed to investment income growth. Funds generated from net operating cash flows for the first nine months of 2015 rose 19% compared with a year ago to $755 million and helped generate $624 million of net purchases of securities for our investment portfolio. We're still carefully managing our expenses. Because we continue to strategically invest in our business, third quarter and nine-month property-casualty underwriting expense ratios rose slightly compared with prior year periods. Moving to loss reserves, I will first remind you that our approach to setting overall reserves remains consistent with the past. We continue to aim for net amounts well into the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of net loss and loss expense reserves. For the first nine months of 2015, favorable reserve development on prior accident years benefited our combined ratio by 4.4 percentage points, slightly better than 3.9 points for the first nine months of last year and in line with the first half of this year. Although in commercial and personal auto our major lines of businesses have developed favorably so far this year, for our auto lines nearly 75% of the unfavorable reserve development was for accident years 2013 and 2014. Our nine-month of 2015 net favorable development was again spread over several accident years, including 41% for accident year 2014, 21% for accident year 2013, 29% for accident year 2012 and 9% for all older accident years in aggregate. Our capital strength remains excellent and includes liquidity and financial flexibility. Cash and marketable securities for our parent company at September 30 totaled just over $1.8 billion, up 1% from year end. Our strong capital is vital for ongoing growth of our insurance operations as well as other management actions such as returning capital to shareholders. During the third quarter we used $73 million for cash dividends to shareholders. We also used $21 million to repurchase 400,000 additional shares at an average cost of $51.74 per share. Similar to our share repurchases in recent years, it was a maintenance type action intended to partially offset issuance of shares through equity compensation plans. I will end my prepared remarks as usual, by summarizing the contributions during the third quarter to book value per share. They represent the main drivers of our value creation ratio. Property-casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.53; life insurance operations added $0.07; investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.47. The change in unrealized gains at September 30 for the fixed income portfolio net of realized gains and losses decreased book value per share by $0.07. The change in unrealized gains at September 30 for the equity portfolio net of realized gains and losses decreased book value by $1.37. And we declared $0.46 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value decrease of $0.83 during the third quarter, to $38.77 per share.  And now I will turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thanks, Mike. In closing our prepared remarks I would like to share some other positive news we received during the quarter. While we don't seek accolades, it is nice when we're recognized for our efforts. Forbes has again ranked Cincinnati Financial Corporation among America's 50 most trustworthy financial companies in 2015. This marks the fifth consecutive time Forbes has recognized Cincinnati Financial for openness and integrity in accounting, governance and management. As we head into the last quarter of the year we're committed to maintaining the momentum we have created so far in 2015. We're confident that Cincinnati Financial is on the right track to deliver shareholder value far into the future. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you during the remainder of the year. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Jack Schiff, Jr., Ken Stecher, J.F. Scherer, Eric Matthews, Marty Mullen and Marty Hollenbeck. Nick, would you please open the call for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Josh Shanker: I wanted to get a little detail on your entry into the New York market and the appetite for high net worth homeowner's products there given incumbent carriers and whatnot.
J.F. Scherer: Okay, Josh, this is J.F. We started things off in New York similar to the way we do things in other areas is to appoint a few agencies. So we have appointed 12 agencies in the New York City/Long Island area and two outside of that area but close by, so a total of 14 agencies. And our intent would be to keep the number of appointments at a fairly low amount. Our appetite, as advertised, is with Coverage A limits up to $50 million. While I wouldn't expect to see a lot of that at this level, but we clearly have an appetite that is reflective of the qualifications that Will Van Den Heuvel has brought to the Company along with the team of people he is continuing to assemble. So, we've got our marketing folks on the ground in that area, we also have which I think is an important consideration, some professionals that Will has recruited from -- that have worked with him in his prior areas to head up our risk control and our appraisal and valuation units in those areas as well. We have a specialist here in Cincinnati in high net worth, we have trained 100 of our field claims reps in high net worth areas. And so, I think we're prepared to provide the kind of claim service that distinguishes us around the country as well. So, it has been a good start. Obviously we're not trying to explode on the scene; we're trying to do things the way we normally do it, slow and steady. But the appetite from an agency standpoint to do business with us has been great.
Josh Shanker: And what about the source of business? Are you taking that business from incumbents? A lot of the high net worth writers say there are plenty of opportunities to gain business from the general market, people who are not being served by a high net worth specialist. [Indiscernible] New York is a pretty sophisticated buyer's market. What does the marketplace look like there?
J.F. Scherer: Well, we're getting business. The agencies we have appointed have pretty much all been high net worth specialist agencies. So we're writing business in some cases from within their agencies, we have helped them write new accounts, have written some accounts that have previously been written by some of the major players in that area. But as you mention, an awful lot of that marketplace, the majority of that marketplace is currently being served by carriers that don't specialize in the high net worth area. And we're seeing some business not only in New York City and that area but also around the country from carriers that would not be in those top five carriers that everyone speaks of when it comes to mind.
Josh Shanker: And in terms of thinking about the current accident picks in commercial casualty, obviously a very, very good quarter and a big pick down in terms of the loss ratio. When you [indiscernible] that business what sort of allocation is IBNR and what allocation is case to the extent that when you make a big move in your new loss pick how do you think about that? Where is the data flow coming from that gives you your best estimate?
Steve Johnston: Yes, Josh, this is Steve. And basically we look at it in terms of estimating and making our actuaries do the best estimate of the ultimate accident year for each accident year. And they will use a variety of techniques for commercial casualty. In particular they are going to use a multiple regression technique on paid losses which would take any variability and claims reserve setting and so forth out of the equation, although they do also look at incurred methods, Bornhuetter-Ferguson methods and so forth. But there is an emphasis there on the paid losses and regressing along three different ways, the accident year, the report year and the calendar year. So, I think in answer to the question, the main point is to try the best, the actuaries try their best to pick the appropriate accident year ultimate, then they would subtract off the paids and the case reserves to arrive at the indicated IBNR.
Josh Shanker: Well, if I am getting too specific with the next question I completely understand. How far is the current ultimate pick for 2014 comparing cash with where you are picking 2015 today?
Steve Johnston: We have that, I need to find that exhibit probably in the supplement here.
Josh Shanker: I can come back to Dennis on it. I appreciate the help--
Steve Johnston: Okay, I think the way to look at it would be just to go to the supplement for that particular line and look at the current accident year before catastrophes which there wouldn't be for casualty -- any catastrophes and just multiplying that by the premium that would be the pick for the ultimate.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Dwelle from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open. 
Mark Dwelle: A few questions. Let me start with just clarifying a couple of numbers. In your opening remarks you said that the high net worth products were 20%, that is of the personal lines new business, not of all new business, right?
Steve Johnston: That is correct.
Mark Dwelle: Okay, so that sort of $6 million-ish for about one month worth of work?
Steve Johnston: Yes, but the point and I think to emphasize a little bit what J.F. said is that we launched the Capstone high net worth in New York in September. But we have also added four endorsements to our Executive Classic which would have been our existing high-end homeowners -- to bring it up to snuff and are selling the high net worth product through existing agencies throughout the country. So that growth there would also be counted in terms of the high net worth new business.
J.F. Scherer: Mark, this is J.F. Yes, I would just emphasize what Steve said there. Since Will has joined the Company we've communicated to all of our agencies across the country that we have a more comfortable appetite for the high net worth. I think before -- and we have mentioned before about 10% of what we have written has been high net worth, though I would probably describe it more mass affluent with Coverage A limits of $2 million or less. And so, when we say high net worth, it is $1 million Coverage A or more. We're still -- and we're writing a lot in the $1 million to $2 million to $3 million range. So, the response we're getting from agencies throughout the country that already had represented us for personal lines has been improved.
Mark Dwelle: Okay, so just to paraphrase what you said, it would be a mistake to assume that the $6 million is all New York area. Some of it is New York certainly, but it is also the rest of the Cincinnati map is in that total via the endorsement of the existing product?
J.F. Scherer: A small percentage would be New York.
Mark Dwelle: Okay, that was my first question and actually you answered my other question related to high net worth on where the limits tend to kick in. The second question I had, again, in your opening remarks, Steve, you mentioned the Cincinnati Re and I think you said $30 million of premium, was that right or --?
Steve Johnston: Yes, that was correct and we might want to just amplify a little bit in terms of how we're booking the premium and I will turn it over to Mike to maybe touch on that.
Mike Sewell: Yes that would be great. Hey, Mark, it is Mike. So currently Cincinnati Re, we have six contracts or treaties and they are generally running 12 to 18 months in duration. And although the premiums are not always known on day one, we estimate that we will receive $32 million over the periods compared to the $15 million that we reported at the end of the second quarter. So we basically have doubled that amount. The amounts that we have reported in the third quarter financials though are not material quite yet. When we write a contract we may know what the entire premium or we may not know what the entire premium will be until the cedent actually cedes all the risk to us. So an example might be, say, if I use an example like workers compensation in California. We may not know what the final premium on the specific contract will be until we know how much ultimately the cedent rights and cedes to us. So at any given point in time it can be difficult to give a future written or earned number of projections. So, but what we have stated so far is we're going to walk, not run, as we build this business and we're only going to take risk with superior returns that enhance our VCR. So congratulations right now to [indiscernible] and the team for I think a great start and we will have more to report to you in future quarters.
Steve Johnston: And Mark, this is Steve. And kind of the intention on the disclosure here is that we're being our usual prudent self when it comes to booking revenue, but we also want to let you know that we have six contracts out there that have the potential of ultimately producing $30 million in written premium. So we could have losses, we're being cautious on both sides I think.
Mark Dwelle: Most of that was exactly what I was going to ask. The two other little bits related to that and again this is really more just a disclosure and where I find it. I assume all of this is currently being reported up through the commercial lines unit and that those amounts are also showing up in the new business written premiums totals.
Mike Sewell: That is another great question, Mark and I probably should have touched on that. We're doing this similar to the way we did our E&S business when it was a start-up. So currently it is in other for our segment business. So you won't necessarily see it in there. When it gets to be larger it will actually be reflected as its own segment within the Q. So it's in other right now, so you really can't see it because it's so small. So again, we expect it to grow and then at some point it will be material enough to break out as its own segment. So you will soon see commercial lines, personal lines, E&S, Cincinnati Re assumed life investments and then you will end up with other. So that is the way we're expecting it to go.
Mark Dwelle: Okay, good on that. And then the last question that I had -- in the commercial lines unit you had an excellent quarter from an accident year standpoint and even a non-accident year standpoint. But the improvement in the accident year, I guess in the commentary in the press release you talked about the nine-month improvement related to non-cat weather and large claim losses and so forth. Do those comments apply equally to the quarterly improvement?
Steve Johnston: This is Steve. I believe they do. I think the quarter and the year -- it has been pretty consistent across time.
Mark Dwelle: So what I am really more directly asking or indirectly asking is, so, to some extent that is just -- I mean obviously it is good any time, but there is likely to be some mean reversion on that in some other quarters where those things start to swing back against you.
Steve Johnston: Well, I want to make sure I was stating it right. We were trying to peel right down to the core ex-cat accident year. And we just feel we're making incremental steady improvement. It is not huge but it is -- we're just grinding it out and we're going to have some noise based on large losses and so forth. But we feel that with the initiatives in place we're still -- have runway to go on some incremental improvement. But I would make those comments more in terms of the nine-month data in that there is less variability there.
Mark Dwelle: Okay. And then last question, Mike. You had mentioned the buybacks, those were all bus quarter, right? There wasn't anything incremental this quarter this quarter.
Mike Sewell: Actually there was incremental this quarter. So, it is by coincidence maybe. There was 400,000 shares in the second quarter and also an additional 400,000 shares in the third quarter. So year to date we have purchased back 800,000 shares for a total price of just a little over $41 million. So it is kind of averaging in the low $51 per share.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from Ian Gutterman from Balyasny. Your line is now open. 
Ian Gutterman: I guess my first question is, the E&S business had a spectacular quarter on an underlying of about an 82% accident year. Normally that is say in the -- I know it bounces around a lot, but I think it is the best you have ever had potentially. Anything unusual there? Was it just a lack of property events or change of mix? I was curious what was going on there.
J.F. Scherer: Ian, this is J.F. No, our mix really hasn't changed much, it is about 15% property, so it is a pretty heavy casualty book of business. I think the newsworthy items in E&S and it was mentioned as well, is that we're seeing a lot of pressure on larger accounts almost all of which are going into the standard market. So competition has kind of accelerated there. I think we have just done the folks that are -- [indiscernible] and the folks that are running E&S have just done a really good job of making certain that we're being thorough underwriters. I think we have got a good opportunity within our agencies. Our agency's right ballpark $2.5 billion in E&S business in their agencies and our model is unique. I think we provide a good option for our agencies. And so, I think we can continue to be pretty choosy about what we write. And from the very beginning Don has taken the approach that if we're going to -- being in this business there are going to be times when you have to be tougher and maybe not grow as much, though I don't think we're at that point yet. But we have been able to continue I think growing it. We have got 61 consecutive months of rate increase, so I think that fortifies the results there. So all in all nothing has changed, nothing that would have caused that loss ratio to go down a lot more. We're just continuing to be we think pretty good fundamental underwriters.
Ian Gutterman: And then before I move on to Mike since I have you here. On commercial auto, switching topics, any additional color you can give on sort of where you are seeing pressure in the book? Meaning is it local vans, is it the construction business, is it stuff you had that is maybe longer haul? I am just kind of curious where -- or maybe it is all the above. But I am just curious if there is any particular areas that stand out.
J.F. Scherer: Yes, I was going to say yes, yes and yes, there is really no smoking gun that I can tell you on commercial auto. There is a variety of things. For us as you probably noted, it is a severity issue not a frequency issue. And we're seeing and the industry is seeing, with the economy improving, a lot of newer employees, therefore a lot of newer drivers that are out there. Some of the drivers of which and we have seen it in some of our claims, are in our view perhaps a little too young to be driving the size of truck that they have been given responsibility for. Regrettably we find that out after the fact. The American Truckers Association, just I guess by way of a comment, said that at the end of 2014 there was a shortage of 38,000 drivers and at the end of this year there would be a shortage of 48,000 drivers. So we're trying to concentrate better at verifying driving records, driving experience and the assignment of vehicles to particular drivers help out there. But even in Ohio which is our gold standard state as far as profitability, it has been a little tougher here in Ohio. We noticed on -- when you drive around I am sure in your area and they have signs above the highway that says the number of deaths. Well, the number of deaths on Ohio highways is up double-digits this year. This is anecdotal to my way of a description, but distracted driving we believe also has had some effect obviously not on the frequency, but had some situations where there were no skid marks and somebody that was texting or talking on the phone piles into someone and so I think the industry is searching for a variety of things that are contributing to this. But, I think it is not one thing, it is a lot of things.
Ian Gutterman: And just related, does it put any pressure on the comp book for certain types of customers? Meaning if I have a business that has a lot of delivery vans or something and obviously if someone gets in an accident on the job I assume there is a comp payout too. So does that create any inflation pressure on comp as well?
J.F. Scherer: It could very well and something we're paying attention to. When our loss control folks go out they are on the lookout for that type of thing. We haven't seen it in our comp book yet, but we're looking for it.
Ian Gutterman: And then just lastly for Mike, was there any change in any of the segments in I guess adjusting the picks for the year? Meaning like do you sort of true up the year in this quarter at all? And so maybe some of the change from trend is related to catch up from either releasing or adding from the first half?
Mike Sewell: Yes, you know the picks really haven't moved a whole lot. We look at it every quarter, the actuaries perform a thorough review during the quarter. So I would say it has been fairly flat from quarter to quarter, but it is a thorough review each quarter when they are looking at the picks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. There are no further questions at this time. Mr. Steve Johnston, I turn the call back over to you.
Steve Johnston: Well, thank you, Nick and thanks to all of you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our fourth quarter call. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dennis McDaniel - Investor Relations Officer Steve Johnston - President and Chief Executive Officer Michael Sewell - Chief Financial Officer Jack Schiff, Jr. - Executive Committee Chairman Ken Stecher - Chairman of the Board J.F. Scherer - Chief Insurance Officer Eric Matthews - Principal Accounting Officer Marty Hollenbeck - Chief Investment Officer Marty Mullen - Chief Claims Officer
Analysts: Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steve and I’ll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Investor Relations Officer, Dennis McDaniel, you may begin your conference.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello, this is Dennis McDaniel of Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our Investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you’ll first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer; and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including the Cincinnati Insurance Company’s Executive Committee Chairman, Jack Schiff, Jr.; Chairman of the Board, Ken Stecher; Chief Insurance Officer for the Cincinnati Insurance, J.F. Scherer; Principal Accounting Officer, Eric Matthews; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Chief Claims Officer for Cincinnati Insurance, Marty Mullen. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. Now I’ll turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Good morning and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our second quarter results. Overall it was a strong quarter. Our results reflect well on our strategy and on the efforts of our associate and agents. We continue to see ongoing benefits from executing on the fundamentals while enhancing performance through various initiatives. Together our underwriting programs and investment philosophy translated into substantial underwriting profit and are eighth consecutive quarter of investment income growth. Disciplined underwriting and pricing on each policy was aided by more favorable weather than in the second quarter of last year. Together they led to a second quarter 2015 consolidated property-casualty combined ratio of 92.4%. Our first half 2015 combined ratio before catastrophe affects was 89.1% improving on that ratio from both full-year 2014 and 2013. As we further segment our business we use pricing precision tools and informed underwriting judgment to select and retain policies at prices we believe provide an appropriate return for the risk we assume. We continue to earn quality new business from other agencies especially in areas we been emphasizing such as personal lines products and services for our agencies higher net worth clients. We're on track to release executive capstone our new suite of high net worth insurance products in New York this quarter. We’re also on track with progress for an initiative we announced early in the second quarter expansion of reinsurance assumed which we refer to the Cincinnati Re. We have an experience executive leading the effort and we are developing a small team of excellent people to help execute your plans. We aim to be very disciplined in this expansion particularly during tough reinsurance market conditions. We have already entered into a future that will that will be reported during the third quarter generating approximately $15 million in diversifying written premium in 2015. Overall pricing for the second quarter was very similar to the first quarter with average renewal price increases for commercialized continuing the percentages near the middle of the low single-digit range. That average includes the meeting effective of three year policies that were not yet subject to renewal during the second quarter. For commercial property and commercial auto policies that did renew during the second quarter we continue to obtain meaningful price increases with both lines averaging in the mid single-digit range. Our personnel auto policies, average renewal price increases near the low end of the mid single-digit range. Home owner policies were little higher in that range. For our excess and surplus line segment, the second quarter 2015 average renewal price percentage increases were also near the low end of the mid single-digit range. The ENS segment continues to perform very well producing another quarter with combined ratio below 90% and double-digit growth in net written premiums. Our life insurance subsidiary including income from its investment portfolio also had another good quarter. A double-digit growth and profit in the second quarter, while our six-month result in line with last year’s first half. I will conclude with a couple of points that I think are important for all companies stakeholders to keep in mind. First, our primary measure of financial performance the value creation ratio is designed long-term in nature. So we are not alarmed when that measure falls short of target in the short-term due to securities market volatility. Our insurance business is in excellent shape. We have confidence in all of our associates and the relationships we build with independent agencies and in the ongoing benefits of our strategic initiatives that aim to continually improve performance. Second, those studying this industry over the years have seen other times were merger and acquisition activity generated excitement and speculation. We believe our proven successful strategy will continue to deliver long-term value to all stakeholders. Looking forward to the next few years, our vision includes continuing to profitably grow the company with our agency-centered model. I'll now ask our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell to highlight other aspects of our recent financial performance.
Michael Sewell: Great. Thank you Steve and thanks to all of you for joining us today. First, I’ll highlight some important aspects of our second quarter investment results. We had another quarter of investment income growth with an increase of 3%. All 48 common stocks in our core portfolio increased our annual regular dividend over the 12-month period of July 2014 through June 2015. The median dividend increase for those stocks was 7.7%. For our fixed maturity portfolio, interest income rose despite declining average yields, in part due to the first half 2015 net purchases totaling $311 million. The bond portfolios second quarter 2015 pretax average yield reported at 4.64% was 12 basis points lower than a year ago. Taxable bonds purchased during the second quarter had an average pretax yield of 4.48% while tax-exempt bond purchases averaged 3.43%. In both cases those yields are higher than those we experienced a year ago and in the first quarter of this year. Our bond portfolios effective duration at June 30 was 4.8 years up from 4.4 years at year end. The increase was due primarily to the impact from rising interest rates on our callable bonds and not a change in strategy. Cash flow from operating activities again contributed to investment income growth. Funds generated from net operating cash flows for the first half of 2015 rose 34% compared with a year ago to $470 million and help generate $394 million of net purchases of securities for our investment portfolio. Paying $46 million less for catastrophe losses compared with a year ago help drive the increase in operating cash flow for the first half of this year. We are still carefully managing our expenses while we continue to strategically invest in our business. We kept the second quarter and first half property-casualty underwriting expense ratios essentially flat compared with prior year. Moving to loss reserves, I’ll first remind you that our approach to setting overall reserves remains consistent with the past. we continue aim for net amounts well into the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of net loss and loss expense reserves. For the first half of 2015 favorable development on prior accident years at 4.4% was essentially line with 4.8% from the first half of last year. As we noted our news release we again prudently added IBNR reserves to our commercial and personal auto lines. At the same time we were pleased to see another quarter of improvement in the case occur loss ratio for those lines. Our six month 2015 net favorable development was again spread over several accident years including 41% for accident year 2014, 23% for accident year 2013, 32% for accident year 2012 and 4% for all order accident years in aggregate. Our settler capital strength includes liquidity and financial flexibility. Cash and marketable securities for our parent company at June 30 total nearly $1.8 billion up slightly from year end. Our strong capital is vital for ongoing growth of our insurance operations as well as other capital management actions such as returning capital to shareholders. During the second quarter we use $74 million for cash dividends to shareholders we also use $20 million to repurchase 400,000 additional shares at an average cost of $50.90 per share. Similar to our share repurchases in 2014 there was a maintenance type action intended to partially offset the issuance of shares through equity compensation plans. I’ll end my prepared remarks as usual by summarizing the contributions during the second quarter to book value per share. They represent the main drivers of our value creation ratio. Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.51. Life insurance operations added $0.07. Investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance items, contributed $0.29. The change in unrealized gains at June 30 for the fixed income portfolio, net of realized gains and losses, decreased book value per share by $0.71. The change in unrealized gains at June 30 for the equity portfolio, net of realized gains and losses, decreased book value by $0.32. And we declared $0.46 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value decrease of $0.62 during the second quarter to $39.60 per share. And now, I’ll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. In closing our prepared remarks, I have to say that we have a lot of positive momentum going as we move into the second half of the year. In addition to the strong results we had positive news from two rating agencies that rate our company. In June Standard & Poor's ratings services raised its financial strength and credit ratings on our standard market and life insurance subsidiaries to A+ from A with a stable outlook. S&P cited our improved underwriting performance and efforts to continue building strong relationships with our agency partners. Two weeks ago, Fitch ratings affirmed the A+ insurer financial strength rating of our standard market and life insurance subsidiaries maintaining its stable outlook. We are confident that Cincinnati Financial is on the right track to deliver shareholder value far into the future. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you during the remainder of the year. As a reminder with Mike and me today are Jack Schiff, Jr., Ken Stecher, J.F. Scherer, Eric Matthews, Marty Mullen and Marty Hollenbeck. Steve, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you, our first question comes from the line of Paul Newsome with Sandler O’Neill. Your line is open.
Paul Newsome: Good morning. Congratulations on the quarter.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Paul.
Paul Newsome: This is probably a question for Mike. I’ve noticed, it looks like a fairly sizable increase in at least amount of reserve releases in the commercial business in the second quarter of every - for the last well, three, maybe four years. Is there, are there any studies or events that happened during the quarter that would account for that pattern?
Michael Sewell: Let me kick it off Paul. And then we’ll see if Steve wants to jump in. We do studies really every quarter we’re using the same actuaries we’re following a consistent approach. They’re really looking at every everything you know commercial lines, personal lines ENS. And so full study is done each quarter I'm looking at the paid losses as they come in. And then in addition to that annually we do have the external auditors are reviewing the reserves and opining on the financials in total. So we do have a process that we follow. We’ve got controls around that process and we believe it's a - it's a consistent process, that really we've been following for years. I don’t know Steve if you have anything to add on to that.
Steve Johnston: Mike I think that was well put. I don't have anything to add.
Paul Newsome: So I guess I'm really asking why there is a seasonality to reserve releases in the second quarter.
Steve Johnston: I guess, this is Steve you know I don't know basically when it comes to prior year reserve development as Mike described as a consistent process or actuaries are looking at their best estimate of accident year ultimate losses to the extent they decrease their estimate of an ultimate accident year loss on prior years that would result in favorable development. I think we’re careful to point out in the first-quarter call, that there isn’t a lot of activity at that point because there’s been such short time and such lack of additional information. Since they did the full year review but I think it's just a matter of actuaries doing their best to get a best estimate of ultimate accident year losses at each of the financial close periods.
Michael Sewell: Paul, maybe I’ll add one other comment related to the commercial lines specifically to the releases this year were, I am going to say fairly I mean we have releases for accident year 2014, 2013, 2012, there were releases in total in addition to all accident years prior to that with accident year 2014, 2013 and 2012 being, I’ll say somewhat consistent kind of between the $15 million to $25 million range for each of those accident years. So there's no necessarily spikes in one certain year versus another.
Paul Newsome: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker: I'm not going to let you guys off the hook so easily. Paul is much more of a gentleman that I am. Workers compensation, I know you're trying to get a best estimate $40 million in reserve releases, this is a long-tail line of business; tell me what happened during the quarter, please, that caused such a change in your outlook on that business?
Steve Johnston: I guess with the long-tailed line as you would expect to take not that much of a change in assumption, with the payments that stretch out for so long to result in higher changes in the estimate. So I think it's just the result of a lot of hard work just going on in the claims department and the underwriting department. And is being reflected in the actuaries view of accident year ultimate losses in terms of original assumptions versus revised assumption as they gather more information.
Josh Shanker: So I mean in terms of - is this a information about claims progress on the severity side? On the frequency side? What accident years are affected? I mean, look, you guys always tend to have reserves in workers comp. That's definitely clear. You have a very, very conservative approach in this. It just seems outsize in nature. I know you are consistent. But understanding the methodology would help us out a lot. Is there anything you can point to in particular in that line that made you more optimistic during the quarter?
Steve Johnston: Josh, I just think they're looking at paid losses, how they are developing, they are using multiple regression methodologies, they are using standard methodologies, they are testing their assumptions currently versus assumptions that they've set before and coming up with their best estimate. And I think in total reserves in terms of favorable development at this point in time this year are pretty much in line with where they were at the same point last year. I think we are trying our best to keep our reserve margin consistent and it’s just reflecting the best estimate of our actuaries.
Josh Shanker: Well, it looks excellent and I applaud your efforts. If we go back about a year ago and two years ago, you guys were on an aggressive sort of scouting of your properties, analyzing roofs and whatnot for the re-underwriting year. That became a huge benefit. One of the things that we've been hearing a lot about is drone technologies and the extent to which you can get aerial views. Do you think that Cincinnati could benefit and lower their expense ratio by doing regular roof analyses via remote-operated units?
Marty Mullen: Hi Josh, this is Marty Mullen. Actually, we already have a team formed to analyze the effectiveness and the values of the drone technology and underwriting loss control for those inspections as well and in claims and so we’re pretty excited about the opportunities with that technology and what it can bring to the industry for our commercial inspections on property during the new business cycle and also in claims, certainly in storm situations to provide visual data, confirm measurements and actually confirm loss cost estimates as well.
Josh Shanker: Is that in development, or have you begun to use it?
Marty Mullen: We haven’t started using it yet. We have teams investigating the opportunity to file the appropriate paperwork as you know that has to be filed and approved before you can implement the technology, but we are encouraged with our progress and looking forward to the opportunities certainly before the end of year.
Josh Shanker: Great. And finally, can you tell me a little bit about your relationship with Google Compare and what kind of flows you are seeing from that new channel?
J.F. Scherer: Josh, this is J.F. We don’t have a relationship with Google Compare, we are not a fan of comparative raters, to be honest with you…
Josh Shanker: I'm sorry, I thought you were listed as one of their vendors on their site. But I guess that's a mistake.
J.F. Scherer: No, we don’t have a relationship with them.
Josh Shanker: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Scott Heleniak with RBC. Your line is open.
Scott Heleniak: Hi, good morning. Just wondering if you could - now it's been a quarter since we announced the new reinsurance unit, reinsurance assumed. Wondering if - and you announced a couple new hirings yesterday as well. Wondering if you had an update or you could share a little more on where you see that business heading and particular areas you might focus on?
Steve Johnston: Sure, Scott. This is Steve. We’re hiring some very good people, very talented people, we’re very happy with that. We are going to be very cautious as we move forward. We know it’s a tough reinsurance market. But as we look out there I mean just with the domestic reinsurance market. I think there's something like $70 billion in premium volume. I kind of joke with the guys that we've now captured $15 million of it, I think that despite an overall tough market with talented people if we can look at it one treaty at a time, we can put ourselves in a position to especially utilize in the strong capital position to A plus rating that we’re in. We can really differentiate and write those policies where we have good profit potential, good expected risk-adjusted returns. Again being very careful but putting our capital to work to generate more growth,
Scott Heleniak: But could that be in property or casualty?
Steve Johnston: Yes we are not going to limit it to you know property or casualty we’re going to just look for the best opportunities treaty-by-treaty.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. That's fair. Then just on personal lines, I was wondering if you could elaborate on something in the press release. You talked about you are benefiting from agents broadening their underwriting appetite there. And just wonder if you could comment on that. Does that mean because you're simply writing more personal lines in more states and you have more products to offer, such as high net worth? Just wondering if you could kind flesh out that comment?
J.F. Scherer: Yes, Scott this is J.F. I think what we intended to communicate there was that because of the high net worth focus that we now have an expanding our appetite not necessarily the agents appetite, we’re able to offer a lot more products to our current agency force throughout the country and the business we are writing in the high net worth category has gone up quite a bit as you would expect that it would. Additionally we are expanding Steve mentioned in his remarks that will be opening up operations in the greater New York City area in the September introducing our high net worth approach and will be consistent with the way we've done things historically throughout the country. We’re only going to point a few agencies our aim will be to earn a portion of their business that would be significant enough that we deem it to be successful in that area. We are pleased, not unlike Cincinnati Re, we are very pleased with the work that Will Van Den Heuvel is doing to introduce us to that great appetite and he’s brought along a lot of very talented people that will enable us not only in New York, but across the country do a better job in high net worth area.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. Along those lines, the comment about you are talking larger personal lines accounts, is that just - is that high net worth customers, or is that bundling, or a combination?
J.F. Scherer: No not necessarily any bundling as a company we always would write package if you will the auto, the umbrella, the homeowners so that’s no different there we really don't write monoline business but when we talk about larger customers we’re talking about a high net worth.
Scott Heleniak: Okay, in the personal lines. All right.
J.F. Scherer: Yes, in the personal lines.
Scott Heleniak: Right, okay. And then the only other question I had was there's been an uptick in the realized gains this year. I guess over $100 million or so. So could you talk about some of the areas you're reducing exposure? Is any of that just portfolio repositioning ahead of what might happen with the Fed next? Just any thoughts on that?
Marty Hollenbeck: This is Marty Hollenbeck. Not really it’s more we manage - we are generally buy and hold. But in the equity portfolio we do on occasion reconfigure that’s primary driver of that we sold a few positions, awaiting deployment on some of it. But it doesn’t represent any kind of real strategic change.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. That’s all I had. Thanks.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] There no further questions of this time Mr. Johnston I turn the call back to you.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Steve and thanks to all of you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter call. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dennis McDaniel - Investor Relations Officer Steve Johnston - President and CEO Mike Sewell - Chief Financial Officer J.F. Scherer - Chief Insurance Officer, Cincinnati Insurance Company
Analysts: Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Vincent DeAugustino - KBW Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets Paul Newsome - Sandler O’Neill Mike Zaremski - BAM Funds
Operator: Good morning. My name is Erica and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer for Cincinnati Financial, you may begin your conference.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello, this is Dennis McDaniel from Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our Investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you’ll first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer; and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses maybe made by others in the room with us, including Cincinnati Insurance Company’s Executive Committee Chairman, Jack Schiff, Jr.; Chairman of the Board, Ken Stecher; Chief Insurance Officer for the Cincinnati Insurance Company, J.F. Scherer; Principal Accounting Officer, Eric Matthews; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Chief Claims Officer for Cincinnati Insurance, Marty Mullen. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning. And thank you for joining us today to hear more about our first quarter results. The quarter included several areas of good performance including enhancing our balance sheet strength. We see incremental progress as we steadily execute our underwriting and pricing strategies. And our investment strategy and successful portfolio management produced our seventh consecutive quarter of investment income growth. Careful underwriting and disciplined pricing along with more favorable weather than the first three months of last year led to a first quarter 2015 consolidated property casualty combined ratio of 97.5%. While that ratio improved by 2.8 points compared with the year ago, it did not meet our expectations. Every major line in our property casualty segments except for commercial and personal auto order had lost ratios that translated into estimated combined ratios near or within the 90% to 95% range. We strengthened reserves for those auto lines of business, causing our overall combined ratio to rise above the sub 95% or seeking for year 2015. And we believe our balance sheet is now stronger than it was at year-end. We continue to further segment our business using pricing precisions and risk selection decisions that combine data models and informed underwriting judgment on a policy by policy basis. In the first quarter, we experienced strong retention and satisfactory renewal pricing, although premium growth continues to slow as we exercise pricing in underwriting discipline. As noted in the past, we tend to avoid drawing conclusions about trends based on a single quarter of data for certain measures including premium growth. We continue to earn quality new business from our agencies and we experienced the healthy pace of new business premium growth in our personal lines and excess and surplus lines segments. In addition to continuing to develop new products and services through our target markets department, we continue to make progress on expanding our current products and services aimed at high net worth policy holders offered through our personal lines insurance segment. We believe we are on track to begin offering a new suite of high net worth insurance products in the second half of this year through agents in the state of New York. Those products will include higher coverage limits than we offer today along with other new options. In addition to growth opportunities with our agencies on a direct written premium basis, we see long-term opportunities in assumed reinsurance. Last night, we announced with a separate news release an important initial step for realizing future opportunities, hiring Jamie Hole as Managing Director, Head of Reinsurance Assumed to lead this initiative. We recognize the current challenges in the reinsurance market and won’t be trying to grow that business quickly, instead we’ll take our time and maintain underwriting discipline as we develop relationships and expertise that we believe will benefit the company and shareholders over the long-term. Looking forward toward 2020, we’re in the early phases of establishing the vision of what’s to come. As always, that vision will include continuing to profitably grow the company with our successful agency centered model and focusing on our value creation ratio to measure long term value for shareholders. Over time, we expect to develop more specific objectives and plans and we’ll communicate them at appropriate times. For the first quarter, average renewal price increases for commercial lines continued their percentages near the middle of the low single digit range, very similar to the fourth quarter. That average includes the meeting effect of three new policies that were not yet subject to renewal pricing during the first quarter. For smaller commercial property, commercial auto policies that renewed during the first quarter, we continue to obtain meaningful price increases. Those commercial property policies experienced percentage increases averaging in the high single-digit range; in commercial auto, average increases in the mid single digit range. For our personnel auto policies, renewal price percentage increases averaged near the low end of the mid single digit range. Home owner policies were little higher in the same range. For our excess and surplus line segment, the first quarter 2015 average renewal price increases were also near the low end of the mid single digit range. That segment of our business turned in another outstanding quarter with the combined ratio of below 90% and net written premiums up 20%. Our life insurance subsidiary including income from its investment portfolio again contributed nicely to earnings, and again grew premiums in its largest product line, term life insurance. In conclusion, our primary measure of long-term financial performance, the value creation ratio was 1.3% for the first quarter with operating income leading the way. We feel we are well positioned for good overall financial performance for the remainder of 2015. I’ll now ask our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell to add his insights about our recent financial performance.
Mike Sewell: Great, thank you Steve and thanks to all of you for joining us today. I’ll start with some analysis of investment results. The investment income grew in the first quarter, mainly from the boost for stock portfolio dividends that rose 13% for the quarter. Yields continue to slowly decline for our bond portfolio. We generated 1% increase in interest income over the first quarter 2014, as our net purchases of bonds during the last four quarters totaled $375 million. For bond portfolios, first quarter 2015 pretax average yield reported 4.7% was 12 basis points lower than a year ago but only 2 basis points lower than what we reported for the fourth quarter of 2014. We now report in our 10-Q the yields for new bonds purchased during the quarter and we added a table for yields of bonds expected to be redeemed by year, for the next two to three years. You can see that taxable bonds purchased during the first quarter had an average pretax yield of 4.34%, while tax exempt bond purchases averaged 3.13%. Our bond portfolio’s effective duration remained the same level as last year-end at 4.4 years. Cash flow from operating activities continues to help our investment income grow. Funds generated from net operating cash flows for the first quarter of 2015 rose 67% to $215 million, contributing to $93 million of net purchases of securities for our investment portfolio. Paying $38 million less for catastrophe losses was part of the reason for the increase in operating cash flow for the first quarter of this year compared with a year ago. We’re still carefully managing expenses and the 0.2 ratio increase for the property casualty underwriting expense ratio was also explained in our 10-Q. As noted on our fourth quarter earnings call, we think investing in our business in areas such as enhancing pricing and underwriting expertise is a good trade off over time. A short-term increase in expense can create long-term value for investors. As an example, since the first quarter of last year, we strategically invested in the personal line staff additions to support high net worth market expansion and we anticipate a good return on that investment. Loss reserves are the next subject of my comments. Our approach to setting overall reserves remains consistent with the past as we aim for net amounts well into the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of net loss of loss expense reserves. In the first quarter, we strengthened reserves for our auto lines of business. For our other lines in total, the best estimate by our actuaries of ultimate loss and loss expense ratios for all accident years in aggregate was similar to our year-end estimate. The ratio for our total property casualty net favorable reserve development on prior accident years was similar to the full year 2014, benefitting the combined ratio by a little more than two points. Overall, our first quarter 2015 net favorable development was as usual, spread over several accident years including 30% for accident year 2014; 22% for accident year 2013; 39% for accident year 2012; and 9% for all order accident years in aggregate. Steve noted that we enhanced the strength of our balance sheet this quarter. There are many ways to assess capital strength and we think as an important aspect is our liquidity and financial flexibility. Cash and marketable securities for our parent company rose 2% from year-end topping $1.8 billion at the end of the first quarter. Our strong capital also positions us well to continue to grow our insurance operations. I’ll end my prepared remarks as usual by summarizing the contributions during the first quarter to book value per share. They represent the main drivers of our value creation ratio. Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.11. Life insurance operations added $0.05. Investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance items, contributed $0.37. The change in unrealized gains at March 31st for the fixed income portfolio, net of realized gains and losses, increased book value per share by $0.19. The change in unrealized gains at March 31st for the equity portfolio, net of realized gains and losses, decreased book value by $0.18. And we declared $0.46 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value increase of $0.08 during the first quarter to another record high of $40.22 per share. And now, I’ll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. In closing our prepared remarks, I would like to mention a few other events of the quarter that show the commitment of all of our associates to keep getting a little bit better every day, keeping us on track to deliver shareholder value far into the future. First, we’ve made outstanding strides in improving our real time download capabilities which make it easier for our agency customers to do business with us. At the recent conference, NetVU recognized those efforts by presenting us with their Quantum Award for offering superior workflow productivity. NetVU is the agent based user group, Vertafore’s agency management system. Second, we’re working to be good stewards of all our resources including our natural ones. Our headquarters facility recently earned the silver level certification for lead for existing buildings, operations and maintenance. We are one of only 40 buildings with more than 100 million square feet to earn certification in this lead category nationally. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you during the remainder of the year. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Jack Schiff, Jr., Ken Stecher, J.F. Scherer, Eric Matthews, Marty Mullen and Marty Hollenbeck. Erica, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Joshua Shanker: I know you guys don’t like to make a forecast based on one quarter but there is a real trend if we look at the homeowners’ line. You guys have grown double digits as recently the year ago; fourth quarter was light, so was there is no growth this quarter in it, and I know you’re making a drive in that high net worth product I guess. What’s happening there, can you talk about that a bit?
J.F. Scherer: Josh, this is J.F. Scherer. Couple of things happening there. We were taking some pretty significant increases in homeowner race over the last several years that have moderated now. That drove a lot of the growth. We think we’ve reached great adequacy in lot of the states. And so, we’re doing a fair amount of tweaking but nothing as drastic as we had been. We are also in the process of running off our Florida originated personal lines book of business that started last July. And so that’s contributing to an absence or it’s diluting growth in the homeowner line as well. So that will finish, we have one more quarter of that and then beginning in the third quarter, the comparisons will be without the effect of Florida. Our new business in homeowners was up 16%; the initiative we have with the high net worth is really starting to take effect right now. So, we’re seeing a bit more business generated in the higher net worth area in both homeowner and auto for that matter. So, I think what you’ll see without making any predictions of it is a rebound in the growth rate in homeowners’ line.
Joshua Shanker: And just philosophically, why the Florida now? I mean, three years ago, five years ago, eight years ago, I know these times someone could have made the decision to be in Florida. Currently reinsurance in Florida is probably more affordable than it’s been on a long time. What was the mathematics about why Florida now?
Steve Johnston: We spent about the period of time that you just described trying to negotiate with the Department of Insurance for rate adequacy in our homeowner book of business. It was locally inactive, inadequate and had gotten that way over a period of time for really matters related to legislative reasons, for the legislator at past limitations, they could not raise rates for our book of business, for our rates to the level we had to have. It took us a lot of time to exhaust all those options and hen it was finally concluded that we were not going to be able to get adequate rate increases, we chose to leave. There wasn’t going to be enough relief, not even close to enough relief in reinsurance cost in Florida, to cause us to believe that the risk we were taking at the rates we were allowed to charge were worth it. So, in the commercial lines area, there is low rate flexibility. Obviously the Department of Insurance is interested in protecting the personal lines clients whereas business clients can or big boys can make their own decisions about what they pay for insurance. So, we’re still there in commercial lines; we still monitor what goes on within the state. It could very well be that based on more flexibility in the state of Florida that we could someday write more business down there. But as it is right now, the only personal lines business that we’re writing in Florida is business that’s collateralized. By that I mean, it’s originated from states outside Florida with business that we believe warrants us to take whatever risk we might take on secondary residence in Florida.
Joshua Shanker: Understood, thank you for all clarity. And look I’ve asked this question several ways every conference call, at least somebody has, I ask it different way. It does seem that you’re loss taking is more accurate now than it was maybe five years ago and something we might view that as a pejorative statement because usually you had fix cap [ph] for favorable development and now you’re giving numbers closer to rights. I don’t know if you -- how you view all that? Do you feel that you have a better grasp on loss taking out, do you think the attitude is changed by giving numbers right versus giving them overestimated has changed, just it feels totally [ph] different. And maybe in two years, we look back at the time and laugh at it as a cycle moment but it does seem with all disinflationary press over the last few years, I’m surprised there is not more reserve releases.
Steve Johnston: I think over time, we’ve been consistent in our approach. I think we always go with the actuarial, people’s best estimate of their -- the ultimate losses. I think, I would think that with every area of our company, I would agree that -- I think over time there has been improvement and they have gotten better at picking the ordinates [ph] but I also agree to you that there is a tremendous amount of -- agree with you that there is tremendous amount of uncertainty; it will be interesting to look back in a few years and see how accurate in fact everything has turned out to be. But I just always try to stress that it’s a very consistent approach. We go with the actuary’s best estimates and we do feel in area of the that we’re trying to get little bit, little bit precise all the time.
Joshua Shanker: There is awful lot being precise. Thank you for all the answers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent DeAugustino from KBW. Your line is open.
Vincent DeAugustino: To start off on the assumed reinsurance discussion, I know it’s really preliminary but I’m curious of any lines that you might target. And then it sounds like this may be more of a direct effort, but there is some mention of JLT, maybe it was implied but will JLT play a fairly big part here, just trying to understand the distribution nature of that effort?
Steve Johnston: I guess one thing, I would like to make one point is assumed reinsurance is not entirely new to us here at Cincinnati. Over the past year or I guess over the past 20 years of serve, voluntary assumed reinsurance has been as high as about 2.4% of our net writings. This has largely been done through various pools retro sessions that we’ve been involved with reinsurers and companies that we had long relationships. But we’ve been very passive participants and my opinion, was kind of lacked expertise and recognizing that it’s tough market, right now we’re down to just one contract that we’re involved with. So feel here we got the opportunity to bring in really some excellent talent. And Jamie Hole, we know we have a known quantity. We have a long successful relationship with, both Jamie, and as you mentioned with JLT. We’ve worked together for a long time and we are as you mentioned, more confident that we’ll be at good deal flow from JLT over time as well as other entities that we’ll work with. We think Jamie is going to being with hi, -- maybe not bring with him; it’s probably not the right word, but he will establish a small team of expertise, as part of Cincinnati Insurance, we’re going to do this without establishing a new legal entity, new company. And we’re going to execute what describe as an allocated capital model. We are going to do our best just contract by contract to estimate the capital that would be needed for that individual policy and only move forward if we can get our fair risk adjusted return on that policy. We recognize it’s a really tough market rate right now. And we’re going to be very judicious. Just look at everything, kind of to your other point, policy by policy, we don’t have a specific line of business strategy or anything like that. It’s going to be very much technically based on a policy-by-policy basis. We’re only going to look at diversifying opportunities, so obviously nothing in the Midwestern convective storm area. And we think the diversification that we may be able to achieve over time should really be helpful to us in driving up our overall risk adjusted returns. Again, we’re going to very much lock before we run and be very disciplined in putting our capital to work here.
Vincent DeAugustino: I guess one thing I would say that among some of the other companies, we cover, I think Cincinnati is a very good reputation among your peers. And I don’t think there is any doubt about your capital adequacy. So that said, I’m wondering if there would be a target for U.S. regional business outside of the Midwest or to your point on diversification if you’d look outside of the U.S. to kind of get just some of that diversification benefit.
Steve Johnston: We’re going to be very flexible, certainly not in the Midwest but beyond that we’re going to be very flexible and again, policy-by-policy contract-by-contract, look at them very closely one-by-one.
Vincent DeAugustino: I guess bringing it a little bit closer to home here. On that incurred ratio, I noticed that that dropped pretty decently in the quarter. And so just wanted to check in and see if that’s the result of may be a little bit lower weather losses or obviously development and some of the lines plays a part there. But just curious if any of this is stemming from little bit higher initial, asking your pick or just any color there would be helpful.
J.F. Scherer: I do think that -- again we go with our actuarial best estimate. I think they have been very prudent in the way they’ve gone about things. I think with a couple of the lines, the auto lines, while we’ve had favorable development overall and again building on 26 years or so in a row of favorable development, we hadn’t had a couple of lines, the auto lines had some adverse development. And I thank particularly here in the first quarter, it is a situation where when you seeing some adverse development and now you’re making the initial pick on just one quarter, the first quarter of new accident year; you certainly don’t want to step into the same situation that we were in before. And so I think that being prudent in the picks that they are making through the current accident quarter, particularly on those auto lines given what we’ve seen.
Vincent DeAugustino: Would it be fair to stay on the auto lines but you are kind of responding to some of the same trends in your points, trying to make sure that it doesn’t re-emerge for this year or has there been anything incremental that has emerged since the year-end review where from a loss cost side you have to may be take another step back?
Steve Johnston: I think it would be more of the former.
Vincent DeAugustino: And then just one last one if I can speak it in. So the press release noted sort of the $5 billion goal. And I think there has been some conversation about a 2020 plan, looking out little bit further out. So, I’m curious if you guys would be prepared to talk about growth plans looking further out in reconciling that to the pace of the ‘15 goal and the sort of expectations where we are today.
Steve Johnston: We said that 2015 goal several years ago and I think it’s a really good goal and it really spurred us forward. I think one think that we’ve always made perfectly clear is that we are only going to do it if we can do it profitably. So, I think it really has been the beneficial goal to us. And then if you look back, just the -- I guess just recently the A.M. Best in one of their best weeks in March, put out the new rankings of companies with U.S. net written premium and we moved up to 22nd. So kind of over this period of time, we started at year-end 2010 as the 26th largest writer based on United States net written premium. Each year, we’ve moved up one position from 26th to 25th to 24th to 23rd to down to 14, 22nd. I think setting, and the work that goes into setting these plans is very important. We have stress that we are only going to do it if we can do it profitably. And we’re glad to say that over that period of time, other than cat riddle [ph] 2011. We’ve been able to put in sub 100 combines and we’re looking pretty good about that again here for 2015. So, it’s been a good goal. I think it’s going to come down to the wire. So, we are hedging a little bit here, as we make our disclosures. But I think it’s really good to set out ambitious challenging goals there that are achievable but always keeping our focus that it needs to be profitable growth. And we’ll do the same thing as we move into our planning for the 2020 goal. And at this point, I might ask J.F. if he had any other color he’d like to add to that.
J.F. Scherer: I think Steve’s summed it up pretty well. We still think we have tremendous potential. So, when we get around the setting of projection for 2020, we will certainly be ambitious. We’re still in 39 states; our penetration rate in the states is still relatively low; number of agencies we have still relatively low, sub 1500 agencies. We think we have tremendous opportunities within those agencies; they write over $30 billion in premiums within those agencies that we don’t write. But really as Steve said, we’ve done so much in the area of fortifying our profitability between the analytics, modeling, loss control, inspections, special services, specialization and underwriting and target markets. Notwithstanding the fact that $5 billion might be a -- it might be a little shorter that this year we’re certainly not pessimistic about how we can look at 2020 and beyond, feeling actually pretty good about that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Heleniak from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Scott Heleniak: Just wonder if you could touch on the expense ratio. I don’t know if you had any kind of estimation or is this a good kind of quarterly run rate to sue for what it might be for the full year, might be up a little bit? I know you mentioned some of the initiatives. So, is that your expectation? And is most of the increase, you talked about strategic investments, is that mostly personal lines and technology or is there anything else in this?
Mike Sewell: This is Mike. There’s probably really a lot of different strategic investments that we’re making. And so for kind of a run rate for the rest of the year, it’s going to be a combination obviously of our investments, how much we’re spending and then, the growth of the premiums. Some of the investments that are in there, I mentioned was related to our high net worth homeowners and so forth. But we’re investing probably more -- we’ve got more inspectors, we started a customer care center that’s going to be really increasing the ramping up this year; our target markets, the focus that we have there; IT as you mentioned. And we’ve been adding more actuaries to be able to really help how we segment the business, price, the price adequacy ratio et cetera. So you’ve really got a combination of a lot of investments. We’ve been watching our existing costs and really just trying to control those. And so we’re still controlling those. But while -- you can only squeeze so much out and so with the investments that we’re making. And then as you look here first quarter compared to the first quarter of prior year with our combined ratio being a little bit better, our profitability there; there is also just a slight uptick that’s going to be in there also related to our profit sharing or contingent conditions and so forth for agents. So kind of combination of all that; you saw a little bit of an uptake; let’s wait to see how the rest of the year pans out. But we’re not really changing our direction on increasing expenses overall, still controlling them, strategic investments, growth premiums.
Scott Heleniak: And then just speaking [ph] little about the -- you guys rolled out the national advertising campaign during the quarter. So what are your expectations as far as kind of where this might be as far as that part of the business as you roll out, increase to the high net worth rollout in 2015, 2016?
J.F. Scherer: Scott, this is J.F. Have you seen it? Have you seen the ad?
Scott Heleniak: I have not.
J.F. Scherer: Not. Well, maybe we need to run it more often or something. Actually this is the first time we’ve done any national TV ads. The ad is being run two weeks on, two weeks off and will run through September. It’s being seen on CNN and Fox News, a variety of shows on Fox News. So that could run the gambit from Bill O’Reilly to Anderson Cooper. There is a demographic on those cable channels that we like in terms of being a slightly higher net worth that net worth audience that we’re interested in but also business owners. So, we’re not trying -- I guess the point I would mike, we’re certainly not trying to compete with the major advertisers out there. What we are wanting to do is as we have in the past is to showcase the value of an agent and the role the agent plays in their relationship with our company. And simultaneously with that we have ramped up a lot our digital advertising. And so, obviously the TV ad is -- will play a part in all this but digital advertising will play a major part. As much as the public as in audience for this ad, we want our agents to be an audience for it as well. And that as result of seeing Cincinnati Insurance Company on a national level, that creates confidence in them, certainly with our expansion out west in the some areas, where Cincinnati Insurance Company had not been active. It’s valuable for earning to be out there, so they can make reference to it. And for that matter and we’re going to be personal lines business in New York City. And so to be seen by potential customers there would be a value. So, it’s part of a very large initiative that we have, both internal with our agencies digitally as well as nationally. So, I’d expect you’ll see a consistency in this but certainly not a drastic expansion there. And we have been -- we’re majoring, both qualitatively and quantitatively the effects of it. And we’re seeing on our website more activity on the weeks that are on. And most notably we find an agent to tab that is clicked by visitors has gone up significantly as a result -- during the times that this ad is playing. So we think it’s paying off already.
Scott Heleniak: Next question is just on -- I think Vince talked about before just on the commercial and personal auto reserve strengthening, so there was no real change in the first quarter as far as severity or frequency of the claims that were coming in? Was there anything you can comment specifically on that that drove that?
Steve Johnston: I think, I’d reiterate just what we have already said is that we have seen -- I think it’s more you look at over long-term that trends in paid losses that had caused us to want to strengthen those reserves for those auto lines, for the all prior years. And I think that as well as what we’re seeing is influencing the actuaries to be pretty prudent with their initial pick here for the first accident quarter here in 2015.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome from Sandler O’Neill. Your line is open.
Paul Newsome: I was hoping you could talk about the continued distribution expansion with a little bit more detail, just to kind of give us an update?
Steve Johnston: Paul, we’ve been appointing agencies, about a 100 new relationships a year over the last five or six years. And we’ll probably continue expanding at that particular space. As you know, there still continues to be a lot of M&A activity, consolidation of agencies. In some cases, it works to our benefit where the combined agencies create more opportunity for us in a community and in some cases, it creates disruption and our premium activities go down a little bit. So, we continue to take a look at new appointments, whether they be in Ohio. I don’t think you’re going to see much of an increase beyond the 100 or so, new agency appointments. You will see some personal lines only appointments that are most associate with high net worth specialist. So, we’ll see a few more of those. But I think as you look out into the horizon, we could end up appointing 500 agencies over the next five years and with the kind of consolidation it’s occurring, maybe only net out 150 or 200 increase. But it is our plan to continue to appoint more agencies.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski from BAM Funds. Your line is open.
Mike Zaremski: A follow-up, if I understood correctly from one of the previous questions, it sounded like the increases in the accident year ex catastrophe loss ratios and personal and commercial were primarily due to what you’re seeing in both commercial and personal auto. And if that’s correct along the same lines, I know you guys talked about non-catastrophe weather related losses being lower than a year ago levels. I was curious, if there were other items, which may have been unusually elevated, maybe such as personal auto losses between 1 million to 5 million or maybe other items?
Steve Johnston: No, I don’t think there is whole lot of other items; I think you touched on them with the personal and the commercial auto. I think there is a bit of an elevation in the commercial casualty. But I think you’ve pretty much hit on what we’re seeing in the quarter.
Mike Zaremski: And so then, if I think about what pricing is in personal auto and in commercial lines, I mean is there -- are you guys getting enough price to get margin improvement on a go forward basis?
Steve Johnston: I think, we’re Mike. Time will only tell but I think from what I see, not only in pricing but what we’re doing on the underwriting side of things, when we really team up with it, when the claims, we have got every area of the company contributing towards improvement. And I think we’re still on trajectory of improvement here.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I turn the call over to Steve Johnston.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Erica and thanks to all of you for joining us today. We hope to see some of you this Saturday at our Annual Shareholders Meeting at the Cincinnati Art Museum. If you can’t make it, please listen to our webcast, that meeting is available at cinfin.com/investors. If not, we look forward to seeing you again at the second quarter call if not before. Thank you. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dennis McDaniel - Investor Relations Officer Steven Johnston - President and Chief Executive Officer Michael Sewell - Chief Financial Officer J.F. Scherer - Principal Accounting Officer Marty Hollenbeck - Chief Investment Officer
Analysts: Vincent DeAugustino - KBW Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good morning, my name is Steve and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer, you may begin your conference.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello, this is Dennis McDaniel from Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents please visit our Investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call you’ll first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer; and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time some responses maybe made by others in the room with us, including Cincinnati Insurance Company’s Executive Committee Chairman, Jack Schiff, Jr.; Chairman of the Board, Ken Stecher; Chief Insurance Officer for the Cincinnati Insurance Company, J.F. Scherer; Principal Accounting Officer, Eric Matthews; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Chief Claims Officer for Cincinnati Insurance, Marty Mullen. First, please note that some of the matters we will be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Steve.
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Dennis, and good morning everyone. As in recent years, I am speaking with you today from Murfreesboro, Tennessee, the fourth stop on our tour of sales meetings with our independent agents and more than 20 states. Meeting annually with agents is essential to our relationship oriented agency strategy. We also enjoy this part of our job and find it energizing. It’s important to sincerely thank our agents in person for contributing to another year of underwriting profit and premium growth and for trusting Cincinnati Insurance as we only opportunity to serve the people and businesses in their communities. Turning to our financial performance, we feel good about the strong operating results we reported for the fourth quarter and for the year 2014. They continue to reflect steady executing in our underwriting and pricing. We had our seventh consecutive quarter as investment income growth and rising valuations in equity security markets help this book value for your company. Careful underwriting and discipline pricing along with an improved expense ratio led to a fourth quarter 2014 combined ratio of 90.4%, lowering the full year ratio to 95.6%. We are further segmenting our book of business, using pricing position and risk selection decisions that combine data models and underwriter judgment on a policy by policy basis. That’s an ongoing focus as we see to further improve underwriting results. We think those actions will continue to provide benefits overtime as we aim for a combine ration below 95% in 2015. Working with our agents, we benefit from the local presence of our field underwriters who make those decisions for all of our commercial new business. Their decisions are informed by analytics and risk inspecting data from our ongoing loss control program. We’re pleased that 2014 was another year in which we met our premium growth objective about pacing industry growth. Thanks to stronger intention and satisfactory renewal pricing. Growth we reported for the quarter reflected the favorable offsetting effect in the same factor the slow growth reported last year the 2013 estimate for business in the pipeline - in the last quarter - reported last quarter the 2013 estimate for business in the pipeline. As we noted several time before, we tend to avoid drawing conclusions about trends based on a single quarter of data for certain measures including premium growth. Part of our long term strategy is to appoint agencies in areas where we are underrepresented taking care its reserve established agency relationships in the franchised value they enjoy. In 2014, we appointed 99 new independent agencies and plan to appoint about 100 more in 2015. Our agency partners do a great job helping us retain profitable accounts. Policy retention for both commercial and personal lines was generally consistent with a year ago. Our commercial lines calls your attention continues during the high end of the mid-80% range and person line calls your attention continues in a low to mid-90% range. We continue to work hard to earn new business through our agencies. New products and services such as expanding programs offered through our target markets department are an important part of growing new business. We’re also excited by new business opportunities we’ll see by expanding our current products and services aim the high net worth policy holders and offer through our personal lines insurance segment. You’ll hear more about that over the next few quarters as we march towards a longer term goal of $2 billion on annual personal line segment premiums. Although our new business volume was down from 2013 when new business premiums reached a record level for us, our agency still produced over $1.5 billion in new business premiums in 2014. For the fourth quarter, average renewal price increases for commercial lines remained in single digit range, a little lower than in the third quarter. That average includes the meeting effect of three year policies that were not yet subject to renewal pricing during the fourth quarter. For smaller commercial property and commercial auto policies they renewed during the fourth quarter, we continue to obtain meaningful price increases. Those commercial property policies experienced increases averaging in the high single digit range and commercial auto averaged increases in the mid-single digit range. For our personal lines polices, renewal price increase averaged near the high end of the low single digit range. For our excess and surplus line segment, the fourth quarter 2014 average renewal price increases continue in the mid-single digit range. That segment of our business hit our own run in 2014 with the combined ratio below 80% and net written premiums up 20%. Our life insurance subsidiary including income from its investment portfolio produced another quarter of steady earnings and again grew premium in its largest product line term life insurance. January 1st marked the renewal of our primary property casualty reinsurance treaties. For our risk treaties, terms for 2015 are similar to last year except for increase in our retention by $2 million to $10 million for loss. That change in more favorable rates should results in approximately $21 million less in reinsurance cost those treaties compared with 2014. Our property catastrophe treaty also has terms last year expected from increasing our retention by $25 million to $100 million per event. We expect our premiums for that treaty to approximately $8 million less to last year. In conclusion, our primary measure of long term financial performance, the value creation ratio ended 2014 at 12.6%. That result was toward the high end of our target which is an annual ration averaging 10% to 13%. While a healthy stock market contributed majority of the 12.6% was due to the contribution of operating income. I’ll now ask our Chief Financial Officer Mike Sewell to add his insights of our recent financial performance.
Michael Sewell: Great, thank you Steve and thanks to all of you for joining us today. I’ll start with some analysis of the investment results. The income and book value for the fourth quarter and full year 2014 benefited from our equity investing strategy. Dividend income from our stock portfolio were 6% for the quarter and 13% for the year. And our core portfolio of 50 common stocks, all 50 improved their annual regular dividend over the 12 month period ending December 2014 with a medium increase of 8.3%. Somewhere to others in our industry, used for our borrowing portfolio continue to decline. The fourth quarter 2014, pre-tax average yield recorded at 4.72% was 13 basis points lower than a year ago, while that measure on a full year was 14 basis lower. Taxable bonds representing nearly 70% of our bond portfolio, had a pretax yield of approximately 5.25% at the end of the fourth quarter of 2014. The average yield for new taxable bonds purchased during the quarter was 4.49%. For the same period, our tax exempt bond portfolio yield was 3.78%, and purchases during the quarter yielded 3.26%. Our bond portfolio’s effective duration remained at the same level as one quarter ago at 4.4 years. Cash flow from operating activities continues to help our investment income growth. Funds generated from net operating cash flows for the year 2014 were up 10% to $873 million contributing to $324 million of net purchases of securities for investment portfolio. Careful expense management continues to be a priority and together it’s a premium growth contributed to a 1.3 percent points of improvement to our full year 2014 underwriting expense ratio. We like to analyze the underwriting expense ratios to components, commission and non-commission expenses. The commission components tend to vary with recent year underwriting profitability. They also considered as three year profitability by agency, so with the commission ratio raise it should be more than offset by a lower loss ratio. The non-commission components tends to various result of investments we make in the property casualty business such as enhancing pricing and underwriting expertise. Again, we believe that would be worth to trade off of the short terms increase in that component to create overall value for investors and others. We plan to continue to have non-commission expense dollar volume growth more slowly than premium volume producing a favorable effect on the non-commission expense ratio. Let’s turn to loss reserves. I like to emphasis that we follow a consistent approach and now we’re experienced 26 consecutive years of overall favorable reserve development. We continue to hamper reserve reported our balance to be at levels reflecting well into the upper half of the actually estimated range of net loss of loss expense reserves. Our news release reported higher reserve estimates for our commercial casualty line of business. That translated in 2014 to a lower amount of total property casualty net favorable reverse development on prior at ten years. Although an aggregate, our other lines of businesses were slightly more favorable than in 2014. Once we complete all of our year-end reporting, you’ll be able to further analyze the details. For now, I’ll highlight a few important items. For long time, we disclose that historical pay loss patterns are key assumption used to make projections necessary for estimate IBNR reserve. During 2014, paid losses for commercial casualty especially related to a few umbrella liability claims it marched at level higher than we expected particularly for accented years 2005 and 2007. Considering that new data, we estimated the commercial casualty IBNR reserve for subsequent accident years at levels more likely to be adequate compared with recent pass quarters. Overall, our full year 2014 net favorable development was as usual spread over several accident years including 58% for accident year 2013, 15% for accident year 2012, 17% for accident year 2011 and 10% for all order accident years in aggregate. The capital liquidity positions the company reflect both strength and financial flexibility. Cash and marketable securities for our parent company nearly $1.8 billion at the end of the fourth quarter was up 16% for the year. Our property casualty premiums and surplus ration at 0.9 to 1 continues to provide capital that adequately supports our plans for ongoing growth of insurance operations. We did not purchase additional shares during the fourth quarter. Full year 2014, share repurchases totaled 450,000 shares of an average price per share of $46.63. I’ll conclude the prepared comments by summarizing the contributions during the fourth quarter to book value per share. Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.40. Life insurance operations added $0.06. Investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.40. The change in unrealized gains at December 31 for the fixed income portfolio, net of realized gains and losses decreased book value per share by $0.06. The changes in unrealized gains at December 31 for the equity portfolio, net of realized gains and losses increased book value by $0.77 and we declared $0.44 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value increase of $1.13 during the fourth quarter to a record high of $40.14 per share. Now with that I’ll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steven Johnston: Thank Mike. In closing our prepared remarks, I’ll note that during the fourth quarter, these ratings and invest occurring the strong ratings of our companies. We were especially pleased that announces positive outlook on the issuer credit ratings of our newest company the Cincinnati Specialty Underwriters. Since its startup in 2008, our excess and surplus lines business has established a good track record and we expected to continue attracting more of our agents business. That’s just one of many factors that gave us confidence we can perform and benefit shareholders over the coming years. The Board of Directors demonstrated that they issued a confidence by increasing the cash dividend to $0.46 per share that action sets the stage for 55 consecutive years of dividend increases. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward meeting the person with many of you during the remainder of the year. As a reminder with Mike and me today are Jack Schiff, Jr., Ken Stecher, J.F. Scherer, Eric Matthews, Marty Mullen and Marty Hollenbeck. Steven, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the lines of Vincent DeAugustino. Your line is open.
Vincent DeAugustino: Good morning, Cincinnati.
Steven Johnston: Good morning, Venice.
Vincent DeAugustino: Just two I guess starts, the press release noted some actions on the agency management side in terms of territories and then an affirmation of the commitment to agent service. And so I am just curious of any of the plans there reflect any changes in the competitive landscape or if it’s really just that as an affirmation of kind of that agent model.
J.F. Scherer: And so this is J.F. just an affirmation of the agent model that’s the theme of our sales meeting this week is how pleased we are with how they are performing for us. The way we define if for our agencies is that we obviously want to them when it comes to writing the insurance and helping them look their success there. But we’re also very much interested in helping with their business management, agency management, sales management types of things, providing capital for them. So that’s really what we’re hitting that there.
Vincent DeAugustino: Okay and then just for Steve and Mike. Sorry I was trying follow-on along with the reserve comments and simultaneously moving to your schedule piece which I mean I’ve got a little last year, but I heard thing right, we’re taking IBNR reserve movement primarily on accidents years 2005 and ’07 for commercial casualty, was that adjust?
Michael Sewell: Yes, that’s exactly where I - they was - really those two areas where we did see some increased payments you know as we do look at paid losses that helps to project our IBNR pitch. And so with some increased payments and then also couple of reserve changes that were really just in those accident years and so is that new information that we usually take consistent approach to setting servers. And so that’s really what we did.
Vincent DeAugustino: Okay and I guess like where the…
Steven Johnston: Just I may just tag on there that - this is Steve. As we looked at 2005, 2007, the largest as Mike just mentioned was one claim in 2005, one in 2007 that emerged in the umbrella line. And I think we’ve had 26 years now favorable development. There is two ways we could have looked at that, we could have said well they are normal and we’ll just let that emergence come out of IBNR or I think the prudent approach and consistent with the way we do things as to actually react to that by increasing our factors which would then subsequently roll through the accident years and add additional IBNR to all those accident years. I think it’s the prudent way to look at that. I mean I think - I am confident as you look at our schedule piece that you will find our reserves and balance sheet at least as strong at the end of ’14 and should do at the end of ’13.
Vincent DeAugustino: Okay, I guess the route of the question and I appreciate all that Steven at what kind of onboard with. Believe that you guys are acting prudently through what you saying, so no more question there. I guess mechanically when I look at kind of schedule piece, and right now just put and through CMP and then two other liability lines and really IBNR know how years that last year’s maturity is really come small and so when I kind of look at the reserve movements in the quarter and maybe I am not capturing everything with those three line. But am I missing anything there and thinking that by this point of maturity that really shouldn’t be that much movement and I guess that question would then be where these couple of claims just really large in size?
Michael Sewell: Yeah, I think it is more of the normally that I think well for about 5 million movements, about 4. And I do think is we look at where we carry IBNR, there is more uncertainty in the more recent years then there is in the older years and I do think that they tended to be out layers.
Vincent DeAugustino: Okay, so sorry to just take that point and kind of confirm my understanding. So was the claim activity on those years and that influent some IBNR moves here in more recent years as well.
Steven Johnston: That’s correct.
Vincent DeAugustino: Okay, I understand it much better now, thank you. And then just one last one for Marty on the investment side, so we can obviously see the energy MLP in equity energy investments move around a little bit. So the historical stuff were good with. When I am kind of curious about is, just in the current environment, do you this is an opportunity on the energy side or is it something where you kind of cautiously proceeding?
Marty Hollenbeck: I think we are probably a little bit more cautious. I mean we were fairly probably invested as a sector in the energy a large claims with the other common stock portfolio that is fairly like Chevron. The end of these phases was never particularly large one for us and we had that adding to that and we see years. So I think we are just kind of study our revenue.
Vincent DeAugustino: Okay, thanks for all the answers and best of luck guys. Thank you.
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Venice.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Mark Dwelle with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark Dwelle: Yeah. Good morning. I think you just covered some of my question but just to kind of finalize I guess hopefully finalize on the reserve addition. So the total reserve addition in the quarter was about $32 million in the commercial segment, if nine of it was related to specific claims, what was the total amount of addition and I guess where they are offsetting releases in other areas that kind of made it down to the 32 million?
Steven Johnston: I think that’s true. As looked at the accident year by - for each accident year within each line of business and so you are going to have areas moving in different direction with offset.
Mark Dwelle: Can you provide the amounts of what the overall positive was and the overall negative that net it down to the 32, I suppose I can drive it from the schedule P, but?
Steven Johnston: I am trying to see the 32, this is not my - but on the commercial, on the one item I am looking at and there is quite - total commercial, it was 26 million that was added, 29 million was from commercial casualty scribed in, commercial auto was strength in 15 million, the large offsets was the - made that liability which was favorable by 12 million, workers comp was favorable by 7 million and commercial property was slightly favorable probably 2 million for the quarter.
Mark Dwelle: Okay, maybe I just - maybe I did my math wrong, I was taking the 4.4 combined ration points and dividing it backwards, I guess netting down the catastrophe losses, maybe it comes to that what we’re figuring.
Michael Sewell: That maybe exactly - that’s exactly right. So as Steve said, you do some offsetting and that all those numbers I just I gave a straight over several accident years evenly strength basically.
Mark Dwelle: Got it. Okay.
Steven Johnston: Thank you.
Mark Dwelle: That completely satisfies me on that topic. Let’s move over to new business. The amount of new business in the quarter was a nice uptick relative to last quarter, but it was still down a little bit year-over-year, which I was a little bit surprised that I - any comments you can provide there.
J.F. Scherer: Mark, this is J.F. We mentioned in the release that workers comp was down a fair amount for this year. We had a significant year in 2013 and it’s - that in the area of larger workers comp. It’s an area that we are conservative on very pleased with the progress we are making on the loss ratio for a lot reason. But we just simply did not write as many larger workers comp claims and that can tend to have a slightly muting effect on overall package business, because typically our agents like to put the workers comp with the package. So I choke that up to conservatives on that particular like of business, maybe overly conservative I suppose, but that would have been a factor. The other factor that occurred and really started occur I think maybe in the second quarter, but clearly I think more carriers are feeling they’ve reached pretty close right accuracy and rather than signaling to their agents that they would be asking for and requiring fairly substantial rate increase that have renewal instead they are defending the renewals more strongly. The atmosphere we are competing in is one where - there aren’t as many but I would consider to be good accounts, easier of more desirable accounts out in the marketplace. We still have our pipeline for but segmentation is playing through that for every carrier and so the accounts that need the most rate or might have the more poor experience to the ones that are more likely out in the marketplace. So it’s just tougher from that standpoint. You know few other things I would comment on and I don’t know how that affects our carriers but the M&A activity that’s occurred over the last three, four years, that’s fairly disruptive at the agency level, some producers leave, the acquires change the appetites for some agencies. We react that and in some cases it works out favorable for us and in some cases the consequence might be that we would have point more agencies and that takes a little bit more time for things to gear up. So very panic but in term of the fact of new business was down, surety act us in surplus lines, the vision continues to call, we think we have tremendous potential there. Personal lines is stabilized and we think that they will see an increase in new business in 2015 there. So it’s maybe little wordy but there is a kind of observations that we have, it’s very reinforcing that out this week with their agencies and here their opinions of the marketplace and their confidence in us. So we’ll keep our pipeline full and we’ll be good selector of business to thing year proceeds.
Mark Dwelle: Great answer J.F., you actually knocked up the next two questions that I was going to ask. Good job, thanks very much.
Steven Johnston: Trying to be efficient.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line Paul Newsome from Sandler O'Neill. You line is open.
Paul Newsome: Good morning, folks. The - if I heard it correctly, you are hoping to get a demand ratio next year below 95 which is about where you were today and tell me if I am wrong. But my first question is that, is that a hope to get the accident year lower as well or is that also function of the normalization of reserve releases actively?
Michael Sewell: You are correct that we do want to have the calendar year go blow 95 but that also implies a actually a year improvement as well and no change in our relative reserve margin.
Paul Newsome: Terrific and then you know big picture. Where do you see the best opportunities for underwriting improvement, is it on the personal line side or the commercial line side?
Steven Johnston: I told mighty since worth here, we’re putting a lot of effort and we’ve mentioned this the last several quarter and to - I guess you might say none of rate related improvement. We still are seeing rate increases both in personal and commercial line as already been mentioned.
J.F. Scherer: I might add, you know particular on the accounts that renew and also lot of what’s being said by agents that have interviewed or brokers that have interviewed, we’re not hearing that of being quite so there is talking to our agencies this week. So we think there is still opportunities with modest rate increase. But we put a lot of effort in the last few years, we’re going to continue to accelerate that in loss control, in claim specialization, in underwriting specialization, so - and just general inspections of business. So we expect those kinds of activities will help us discover accounts that when we wrote them perhaps years ago, they were better accounts than they are today, so we will react accordingly there. And then our loss control efforts will help mitigation efforts. Marty might want to comment on the claim side of things but the great improvement we’ve had in worker’s comp for example, we think can continue and that the progress we’ve making there and that’s been a combination of loss control, but most especially claim specialization.
Marty Hollenbeck: You know I just add that the continued segmentation is part - is exactly a part of what J.F. was just mentioning and that will continue as well.
Paul Newsome: So that sounds like more opportunity on the commercial side and personalize that, so given the - it’s primarily a commercial lines thing?
J.F. Scherer: Well our loss control would be but the inspection initiative, we’ve been inspecting about a 100,000 structures a year in personal lines and not that are agencies don’t keep track of things but where we’ve taken the approach that we are going to do what our agencies do by really inspecting 100% for example of the all the new business that were writing. And we have quite a few houses and our policies on the books that need someone to take a look at as well. So I fully expected there is going to be lift on personal lines from that initiative.
Steven Johnston: This is Steve. I agree totally with J.F. it was nice to see this year 2014 that all of our business segments came in 100, I think they are all as J.F. mentioned working seriously, they continue to improve and I see improvement potential in all segments.
Paul Newsome: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Joshua Shanker: Yeah. Good morning, everyone.
Steven Johnston: Good morning, Josh.
Joshua Shanker: I was curious about the life insurance business to the extent that over the years I know you’ve always captured the small part of the portfolio, how much capital does it tie up an is it accretive to ROE or above the same ROE as the rest of the business, could you potentially unlock value if you were to send that business elsewhere.
Michael Sewell: Josh, this is Mike. There is a difference between GAAP and stock reporting and how much you need to where you are setting the reserves which ends up with the capital that you have. And so from a GAAP standpoint, you have less reserves that are required, so you have more capital. And so when you look at the capital that we have and it’s producing I would say in round numbers $40 million of net income that is a little bit lower ROE then whether would be on a statutory standpoint. There will be - the states are looking at principle based reserves and when we get there we think we can free up some of the capital at the - in the life company. If we had this principle based reserves today, I would suspect that our capital in the life company would be somewhere in the $350 million to $400 million range, so there would a 10% ROE that you would have there, which would be right in line with our 10% to 13% go for our DCR. So it’s - we’re excited about the life company, we hope that the principle based reserves will be change, we will get to it and it’s producing a nice result and it’s added to the overall DCR for us.
Joshua Shanker: Do you have any initiative in place to grow it.
Steven Johnston: Do we have any initiative in place to grow the life company?
Joshua Shanker: Yes.
Steven Johnston: We’re still working on that and that’s a part of and we’ve been doing it, they are part of the sales meeting that they go out, trying to really expand the sales especially related to the term product. Our terms product was up 7% for the year which were we’re excited about. Dave Popplewell, the President of the Life Insurance Company is out beating the bushes and he is around the sales meeting, talking to the property casualty agencies about cross selling and been able to increase and improve the top line results. J.F. please?
J.F. Scherer: Josh, 70% of our new life premiums tend to come from property and casualty agencies. One other things that we’re doing is trying to link together our homeowner sales in an automated way through simplified issue polices to write more term insurance and help agencies in the course of writing personalize business. So that’s been the case, we continue to fortify our field presence in our life insurance company what tends to work very well when you have a good professional is calling on the agencies when it comes to the more business life insurance types of things to help navigate that process. So yeah, what we continue, it’s a - like a lot of things that we do, it’s a very nice complement to the overall relationship we with our agencies and our agencies appreciate it.
Joshua Shanker: Well, thank you and good luck with that.
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Josh.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vincent DeAugustino with KBW. Your line is open.
Vincent DeAugustino: Hi thanks for taking the follow-up. So I think I may ask this question every year around this time, so here you go. But with the agency sales meetings, I am just curious if agents are giving you any wish where they like to see any new products or maybe it’s a technology which widgets from Cincinnati?
J.F. Scherer: Vincent, we’ve been really hitting them pretty hard with the lot of the things that we’re doing. I’d have to say that the general tone is between what buildup and people is doing in the high net worth area. We’re pleased to hear about that, they are also pleased to hear that when it comes to middle market personal lines. As we are enforcing our activity there, they are pleased with the automation that we have there. We’ve gone through several years, our rate increases pretty down, strong rate increases in the homeowner area and that’s not a strong anyway so the pressure is going there. CSU is a - we had a lot of feedback on that, our agency is right, ballpark $2 billion in excess and surplus lines premium and so we have tremendous opportunity to growth our ENS company there. We gradually increase our appetite in that line of business. And so they are pleased to hear the news on that. Our target market’s division have 17 programs and that’s going to expand. If there is anything I guess it’s really created most of a wish list or discussion at our sales meetings would be that they would ask we continue to growth that particular division. Every agency, every aggressive agency I would say is they have producers, they go after certain industry class. And well it’s not unusual for carriers to have that but it is but unusual from our standpoint is the fact that we have some managers in those areas they will go out and travel with, agencies go out and make sales calls with those agencies. So we - maybe we outwork the competition a little bit better in that category. So I would say those would be the major areas that we’ve improved. Loss control continues to be a benefit, our agencies are good at taking our loss control rep, our claims rep and I feel that underwriters have actually on the sales call and feedback we get on that is excellent. So no particular area, cyber has talked about a bit, it’s been talked about by everyone, but that’s on the radar screen for everyone is an emerging coverage that we’re pleased to tell and we have something that works on.
Vincent DeAugustino: Okay, sounds good. Thanks for the answers and look forward to talking soon.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. Steve Johnston, I turn the call back to you.
Steven Johnston: Thank you Steven and thanks to everyone for joining us today. We appreciate you interest in Cincinnati Financial and we look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter 2015 call. Have a great day.
Operator: And this concludes today conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dennis McDaniel - Investor Relations Officer Steve Johnston - President and Chief Executive Officer Mike Sewell - Chief Financial Officer Jack Schiff - Executive Committee Chairman, Cincinnati Insurance Ken Stecher - Chairman of the Board J.F. Scherer - Chief Insurance Officer, Cincinnati Insurance Eric Matthews - Principal Accounting Officer Marty Hollenbeck - Chief Investment Officer Marty Mullen - Chief Claims Officer, Cincinnati Insurance
Analysts: Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Scott Heleniak - RBC Mike Zaremski - Balyasny
Operator: Good morning. My name is Stephanie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cincinnati Financial Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to avoid any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer, you may begin your conference.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel from Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our Investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you will first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer; and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses maybe made by others in the room with us, including Cincinnati Insurance Company’s Executive Committee Chairman, Jack Schiff, Jr.; Chairman of the Board, Ken Stecher; Chief Insurance Officer for the Cincinnati Insurance Company, J.F. Scherer; Principal Accounting Officer, Eric Matthews; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Chief Claims Officer for Cincinnati Insurance, Marty Mullen. Please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. And now, I will turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Good morning and thank you for joining us today as we discuss our third quarter results. We reported strong operating performance, reflecting steady execution in our underwriting and pricing and assist from relatively favorable weather patterns in our sixth consecutive quarter of investment income growth. We work to improve on our first half combined ratio before catastrophe losses, kept our average renewal price increases essentially in line with the first half of 2014, and have reported 9-month loss reserve development on prior accident years consistent with full year 2013. I am quite pleased with how we have maintained pricing discipline in 2014 and continue to further segment our book of business. Our pricing precision and risk selection actions which bring together data models and underwriting judgment on a policy by policy basis are the keys to improving underwriting results. We feel we are in a good position to continue driving long-term underwriting profit benefiting from the local presence of our field underwriters who make those decisions for all of our commercial new business. Their decisions are informed by analytics and risk inspection data from our ongoing inspection program as well as the insights of our agents. Our 9-month net written premium growth is still ahead of what has been reported for the industry. However, net written premium growth slowed in the third quarter as expected despite steady renewal pricing and steady retention. Last quarter on this call, we provided a reminder that in the third quarter of 2013, we reported 16% net written premium growth for our largest property casualty insurance segment. And that it would be a challenge to report year-over-year growth for that segment in this year’s third quarter. I’ll comment further on growth by segment in a moment. Looking longer term, we continue to appoint agencies in areas, where we are underrepresented taking care to preserve established agency relationships in the franchise value they enjoy. In the first nine months of 2014, we appointed 75 new agencies. Those agencies, as well as others, appointed in recent years continue to give us the opportunity to increase our market share within their agencies as we learn to match each other’s underwriting appetite and earn their trust. We feel confident that our agent-focused business model will drive long-term premium growth just as it has for more than 60 years. Our appointed agencies are terrific in helping us retain profitable accounts as our policy retention has remained steady in 2014. For the third quarter, average renewal price increases for commercial lines were near the high-end of the low single-digit range. That average includes the muting effect of 3-year policies that were not yet subject to renewal pricing during the third quarter. For smaller commercial property and commercial auto policies that renewed, we have been seeking and getting price increases higher than the average of our total commercial lines renewals. Those commercial property policies experienced another quarter of increases averaging near the upper end of the high single-digit range and commercial auto averaged increases in the mid single-digit range. For both our personal lines and excess and surplus lines segments, third quarter 2014 renewal price increases averaged in the mid single-digit range. Looking at net written premiums for our commercial lines segment, we reported a 2% decrease for the quarter running into a tough growth comparative. The decrease was from both new business premiums and what we report as other written premiums. As we previously reported, the third quarter of 2013 included a higher than usual estimate for premiums of policies in effect, but not yet processed at that time for business in the pipeline. And that contributed to the decrease reported in this year’s third quarter. Commercial new business written premiums slowed compared with the year ago third quarter. When we reported, they were at record high. Our growth rate this year also reflects our pricing and underwriting discipline. As expected personalized new business was affected when we implemented higher pricing and underwriting profitability actions, including greater pricing precision and changes in policy terms, such as more use of actual cash value coverage for older roofs. Our excess and surplus lines new business premiums continues to show strong growth as we add field representatives to provide service and convey our value proposition to agents and their clients. That segment of our business is having an outstanding year with nine-month net written premiums up 21% and a combined ratio below 80%. Our life insurance subsidiary, including income from its investment portfolio produced another quarter of earnings and premium growth. The profit in that subsidiary tends to vary in quarters where we make changes in interest rate or other actuarial assumptions for our universal life products known as unlocking effects and this was one of those quarters. Term life insurance, our main life insurance product continues to grow profitably. The results from this overall very strong quarter are demonstrated by our primary measure of long-term financial performance, the value creation ratio or VCR. At nine months, our VCR stands at 8.4%, more than three quarters towards our target of an annual ratio averaging 10% to 13%. I will now ask our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell to add his insights about our recent financial performance.
Mike Sewell: Great. Thank you, Steve and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Several key measures help explain our overall investment results. First, our third quarter 2014 results again benefited from our equity investing strategy. Dividend income from our stock portfolio was up 17% for the quarter and 16% for the first nine months of this year. In our core portfolio of 50 common stocks, all 50 improved their annual regular dividend over the 12-months period of October 2013 through September 2014. The median dividend increase for those stocks was a little over 9%. Yields for our bond portfolio declined from a year ago. The third quarter 2014 pretax average yield reported a 4.76%, was 15 basis points lower, while the measure on a nine-month basis was 19 basis points lower. Taxable bonds representing nearly 70% of our bond portfolio had a pretax yield of approximately 5.23% at the end of the third quarter of 2014. The average yield for new taxable bonds purchased during the quarter was 4.41%. For the same period, our tax exempt bond portfolio yield was 3.81% and purchases during the quarter yielded 3.22%. Our bond portfolio’s effective duration remained at 4.4 years at the end of the third quarter, just under 4.5 years reported at year end. Cash flow from operating activities continues to help grow investment income. Funds generated from net operating cash flows were $633 million for the first nine months of 2014, contributing to $342 million of net purchases of securities for our investment portfolio. We continue to carefully manage expenses, helping to reduce the third quarter and nine-month underwriting expense ratio by more than a point compared to a year ago. Along with very selective underwriting and disciplined pricing, the improved expense ratio resulted in a third quarter 2014 combined ratio of 91% moving the nine-month ratio below 100%. That nine months ratio at 97.3% included losses and loss expenses from catastrophes and non-catastrophe weather that were 3 points – 4 points higher than a year ago. Reserve development on prior accident years fairly steady in recent quarters was another important component of the 9-month combined ratio. We seek to follow a consistent approach in setting loss and loss expense reserves aiming to remain well in the upper half of the actuarially estimated range. For the first nine months of 2014, favorable development on prior accident years at 3.9% was basically in line with the 4.1% full year 2013 ratio. Our 9-month 2014 net favorable development was again spread over several accident years, including 71% for accident years 2013 and 2012 in the aggregate and 29% for all older accident years. Our financial strength and liquidity are both in excellent shape. We repurchased 300,000 additional shares during the third quarter of 2014 at an average cost of $46.09 per share. Similar to our first quarter repurchase of 150,000 shares, it was a maintenance type action intended to partially offset issuance of shares through equity compensation plans. Cash and marketable securities at the parent company rose to almost $1.8 billion at the end of the third quarter, up 16% from the year end 2013. Our property casualty premiums to surplus ratio remained at 0.9 to 1 providing plenty of capital to support continued growth of our insurance business. I will conclude my prepared comments by summarizing the contributions during the third quarter to book value per share. Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.37. Life insurance operations added $0.04. Investment income, other than life insurance reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.48. The change in unrealized gains at September 30 for the fixed income portfolio net of realized gains and losses decreased book value per share by $0.24. The change in unrealized gains at September 30 for the equity portfolio net of realized gains and losses increased book value by $0.03 and we declared $0.44 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value increase of $0.24 during the third quarter to $39.01 per share. And now, I will turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. In closing our prepared remarks, I will mention the biennial Commercial Producer Survey results recently provided by Flaspohler Research Group. Independent insurance agents again ranked Cincinnati Insurance very well. Current Cincinnati agents named us best overall, easiest to do business with in the carrier they would most likely recommend to a colleague. Agents who don’t currently represent Cincinnati named us their most desired appointment. Our associates in Cincinnati and across the country work hard everyday to meet the needs of those agent customers and their clients engaging fully and responding in person. Survey results like this one confirm we are building the strong relationships that differentiate our company and bode well for future profitable growth. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you during the remainder of the year. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Jack Schiff, Jr., Ken Stecher, J.F. Scherer, Eric Matthews, Marty Mullen and Marty Hollenbeck. Stephanie, please open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Good morning, everyone.
Steve Johnston: Good morning, Josh.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Hi, there. You guys know I have been out to Cincinnati 3 or 4 times, I have been in some of your sales meetings. I travel with some of your employees. You cut $20 million out of expenses in 2Q and another $10 million out year-over-year in 3Q. I mean, you guys never spent a dime that was unnecessary to my mind. We are trying to figure out where these expense cuts are coming from?
Mike Sewell: Josh, this is Mike Sewell. And that’s a great question and that’s a great lead in, because I love talking about this. But you know what, to begin with, it’s not because spending is down, we continue to invest in the operations and as you have heard in some of your various meeting and probably some of the other things we will be talking about we are increasing spending, but we are investing in certain places. But overall, what we are trying to do is we are trying to control the increase in that spending to make sure that it’s at a lower increase in rate than the growth of premiums. And so that – I mean to begin with that, that’s the foundation of what we are doing. One of the other items that is in there is we have taken some action, J.F. will – might hit on a little bit later on certain of our homeowner policies where we do decrease the commission rates from 20% to 15%. But just really across the board with items like that we have got an expense committee that new expenditures have to go through. We have got a, I will call it a headcount committee, associate committee where we really watch the increases. And again, there are planned increases, that is through our annual planning budgeting process. So, it’s a team effort that everyone has put together, but the main reason is we are controlling the increase at a slower increase than what premiums are going on.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And exactly when did that start and I mean you want to do it forever, I assume. I don’t know if that’s possible, is there a target for completion or when you know that we are going at right pace?
Steve Johnston: It’s probably our target kind of our long spin, to get us to around 30. I don’t know how much better you could really get than that because you need to spend money to be able to reduce losses and LAE and another thing. So as J.F. will say, we are not an expense company. So we have to continue to invest in the field, invest in IT, the technology to become more efficient. There is a lot of needs that are out there. And we are placing our bets in those areas. And so it’s probably getting much below 30 will probably be a challenge.
J.F. Scherer: Josh, I appreciate your comments. And we would like to say, the only time we let loose of a nickel is when we want to get a tighter grip on it.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Well, I can concur. I have seen how you guys operate. The other question and I know you went through a couple of items like the 3-year policy issue and whatnot, it just seems to me that compared to 2Q there is a sea change in the growth outlook, particularly you see it on the new business premium. I mean you are just walking away from new business, it looks like as far as I can tell, is there anything in the third quarter that is dramatically different from your market outlook 3 months ago that is causing you to put on the brakes?
Steve Johnston: We might touch on this in few different points and maybe I will let Mike just give a review first on the business in the pipeline so to speak. And then J.F. will probably touch on the environment.
Mike Sewell: Sure, that will be great. And as Steve mentioned, but also as we indicated in our second quarter conference call. We knew that headwinds were coming during this quarter. At times it can be difficult to judge one quarter written premium growth without thinking of the entire year. There could be seasonality timing of large policies written versus typical small commercial policy or other effects that can cause a premium spike or a dip in a given quarter. In the prior year third quarter, we experienced a written premium spike that was then offset by written premium dip in the fourth quarter. And I think last quarter I mentioned if you looked at and you could still see it on Page 17 of our supplemental financial data, you will be able to see it there. But on a consolidated basis written premiums for the third quarter of 2013 was $1.31 billion followed by a fourth quarter 2013 of $908 million. The average of those two periods is consistent with the first two individual quarters of 2013. So as we entered the third quarter of 2014 for written premiums, it was going to be a challenge to have a double-digit growth when compared to the prior period. All this being said, you won’t see this movement in earned premiums, as written premiums are earned overtime, which can take the spikes and in the dips out. So, with that maybe as background, maybe J.F. you can.
J.F. Scherer: Yes. Josh, just let me give a little color on the new business and what happened. I guess one of the things I would say was that 2014 hasn’t been a bad year, 2013 was a really great year and the story on new business declining commercial lines has really been more about workers’ comp. The overwhelming amount of the decline is in that particular area and in particular in large workers’ comp accounts. We are relatively conservative when it comes to writing comp. And notwithstanding the fact that our results are good, we don’t have any intentions of getting aggressive on comp. It seems that what we have run into in the marketplace though are some carriers that are more so than they were last year. So, it’s not discouraging for us to be down in the comp area. We are still competitive and it still complements the package business that we write. But if you take a look at overall package business for us, it’s about where it was last year, it’s down just a little, but not match. And once again the comparatives were tough. The casualty line, for example, last year year-to-date was up 23%. Just to give you an idea, so we were going up against a tough comparison. Property was up 18%. Workers’ comp last year was up 41%. So, as we look at our new business, it’s more a case that we are having we believe a good year this year. And next year, we are optimistic that we can improve on where we will end up this year. But I don’t view that any things particularly broke on the commercial lines side. Having said that, greater use of loss control and analytics is causing us to segment not only our current book of business, but also the new business that we are writing and given the fact that in the marketplace, business is more adequately priced this year. Therefore, it’s more competitive to be able to write new business and we are consequently walking away from some accounts that maybe last year were a little easier to compete for. Hope that helps little bit.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: It does. And now, we are months into the fourth quarter, do you expect that your fourth quarter outlook will amend some of the unusual items and growth will probably be stronger in 4Q than it was in 3Q?
Mike Sewell: Yes, Josh, it’s Mike. I think you will see some effect from that, because it’s like I said in my comments, it’s little bit of a spike third quarter last year down a little bit fourth quarter on average. So, there probably will be some positive effect, but we are going to wait to see it before we call it out.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: That’s absolutely fine. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Heleniak with RBC. Please go ahead.
Scott Heleniak - RBC: Yes, good morning. First question I had was just on you mentioned just the comment about workers’ comp and just seeing – are you seeing more signs that carriers are being more aggressive in some of the other lines as it related to workers’ comp, in other words, more carriers that have a higher appetite for writing some of the classes that you are competing in compared to last year? So change in the competitive environment there?
J.F. Scherer: Scott, this is J.F. I think the change saw somewhat of a change in the competitive environment has to do with all large business. It’s simply drawing a bit more of a crowd on the workers’ comp side. Our appetite in terms of class of business is unchanged, but we have seen simply more aggressive pricing on larger accounts. Frankly, it’s kind of surprising, I would think that if there is going to be more aggressive pricing, it would be on non-workers’ comp lines, but that’s simply what we saw at least so far this year.
Scott Heleniak - RBC: Okay, but nothing out of the ordinary as far as different lines, just the account size, so?
J.F. Scherer: Yes.
Scott Heleniak - RBC: Okay. And then just on commercial reserve releases, it looks like they are pretty good, except you had some additions in the commercial auto book and you mentioned the mid single-digit price increases. I wonder if you could talk about just how you have kind of repositioned that book. I mean, I know a lot of the – it’s been a tough line for a lot of competitors over the past couple years. What have you been doing to reposition that and do you feel like you are kind of almost where you want to be now or getting closer?
J.F. Scherer: Scott, J.F. again, on the commercial auto side, I guess and I mentioned this I think on the last call about kind of insurance 101 on what we are trying to accomplish. We are seeing mid-single digit increases in commercial auto and I would anticipate given that the whole industry is kind of having a tough time in that line that we will continue to be able to price that, even maybe modestly increase that. And a lot of the other areas that we are working on tend to be either loss control oriented or simply classification of vehicles much better. I know this sounds like it would be elementary, but it’s amazing how books of business over a period of time can be misclassified, and that the gross vehicle weights for example which is an important factor in rating commercial auto, it isn’t accurate or the cost news on vehicle aren’t accurate, which that skews your physical damage results. So we are integrating third party vendors into our systems that will give underwriters more immediate and more precise information about the characteristics of the vehicles. We are doing the same with MVR information that will allow us more information about the drivers. So it’s I don’t know if there’s a holy grail associated with the improvement of commercial auto other than the modest increases that we are getting right now, and just simply being better underwriters being more thorough and being more exact about knowing what we write. We are doing that. And that’s what we think we are going to get the biggest lift for our book.
Scott Heleniak - RBC: That’s a good answer. And the last one I have was just over the past couple of years a lot of business has come back to the E&S market from the standard market, are you seeing signs of that starting to turn the other way where a lot of that business is starting to, maybe somewhat starting to come out and go back into the standard markets?
Steve Johnston: Well, what we are seeing is and once again it is interesting its in the larger account area, but we have seen a lot of pressure on the larger six-figure, high five-figure premium E&S accounts that are going back into the standard market. As you can tell from our results though, we are very pleased with how things are going with our company. We continue to have very conservative appetite. So from our standpoint, we would anticipate we are going to be able to continue to grow simply because we had to penetrate our agents’ book of business that they already write on the E&S side. And we think we got a good model to do that, but there is no question that it’s not a mass exodus. But we are seeing a lot of pressure on larger accounts going back to the standard market. I think it’s worth noting on our book of business given our conservative appetite, probably a lot of what we write in the E&S market, on that larger scale would be the kinds of accounts that would teeter back and forth because we just don’t have an aggressive appetite for risk on our book of business on the E&S side. But at least in our company, that is what we see occurring.
Scott Heleniak - RBC: Okay. And what is your – the average premium size now for those – the typical E&S account?
Steve Johnston: It would be by $5,000 to $6,000 in premium.
Scott Heleniak - RBC: Okay, that’s helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Zaremski with Balyasny. Your line is open.
Mike Zaremski - Balyasny: Hi gentlemen.
Steve Johnston: Good morning Mike.
Mike Zaremski - Balyasny: Couple of follow-ups, first on workers comp, I think you guys talked about competition, is that broad based competition or maybe it’s a just a mono-line carrier or large carrier or maybe its just certain classes of workers comp?
Steve Johnston: I would call it necessarily by class and I would say it’s somewhat isolated. We have seen a little more activity than mono-line carriers and then also a few of the big guys. One of the things last year that happened that was the Liberty Mutual got rid of an awful lot of workers comp last year, put a lot in the marketplace. And I think that probably between then and now, which my understanding is that they are more comfortable that they have done what they needed to do. So I think that’s one of the things that may have contributed a little bit to the higher writings of new business and comp last year, there was just a lot being shopped. But as a general statement, I would say that it’s not broad based in the sense that everyone is going after comp, it’s just on the larger policies we are seeing a few carriers be more aggressive.
Mike Zaremski - Balyasny: Got it. And on commercial auto again what’s driving the further prior year reserve additions and I guess are you guys surprised that you are not getting or are you asking for double-digit rate increases in commercial auto given all the reserve developments over the last couple of years?
Steve Johnston: Well, Mike this is Steve and I think we are just taking a close look at those reserves. I think our overall reserve is very consistent. But we don’t like to see adverse development, so we want to take corrective action when we see it, do the right things, feel comfortable with what we are doing. Now in terms of the rate increases I think that is prospective in nature, so we are more looking at the current accident year factoring in the non-rate activity that we are taking the actions, we are taking to keep the loss cost trends heading in a more favorable direction. And basically staying perspective with our rating we are trying to look at where we think loss costs will be next year, set an appropriate rate for next year’s position. And then of course really work on segmenting that business looking at policy by policy risk by risk. And so we feel comfortable with where we are in getting the mid-single digit rate.
Mike Zaremski - Balyasny: Got it. And lastly, I believe it was this past January you guys announced a new hire to lead kind of the maybe I am – I will call it the high net worth personal lines products, would you guys expect that to be a material contributor to 2015 premium levels? Thanks.
Steve Johnston: Yes, Will Van Den Heuvel who previously had run AIG Private Client became head of personal lines for us. And yes we are going to emphasize high net worth – higher net worth into our book of business. I would not say though in 2015 that that segment will be up and running and contributing significantly to the book of business in 2015, will be introduced. And about 10% of what we write right now is high net worth and consequently it will ramp up, but as far as a material contribution I would look for 2016.
Mike Sewell: Particularly, in the earned premium, of course.
Mike Zaremski - Balyasny: Got it. Thanks for the color.
Mike Sewell: Thanks Mike.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) There are no further questions. At this time, Steve Johnston I will turn the call back over to you, so.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Stephanie. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again at our fourth quarter call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dennis McDaniel - IR Steve Johnston - President and CEO Mike Sewell - SVP and CFO J.F. Scherer - Chief Insurance Officer  Marty Mullen - Chief Claims Officer 
Analysts:  Bijan Moazami - Guggenheim Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Vincent DeAugustino - KBW Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets Mike Zaremski - Alliancy Fred Nelson - Crowell Weedon  
Operator: Good morning, my name is Mike and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer session (Operator Instructions). I will now turn the call over to Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. You may begin your conference.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello, this is Dennis McDaniel from Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Late yesterday we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents please visit our Investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the left. On this call you’ll first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer; and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time some responses maybe made by others in the room with us, including Cincinnati Insurance Company’s Executive Committee Chairman, Jack Schiff, Jr.; Chairman of the Board, Ken Stecher; Chief Insurance Officer for Cincinnati Insurance Company, J.F. Scherer; Principal Accounting Officer, Eric Matthews; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Chief Claims Officer for Cincinnati Insurance Company, Marty Mullen. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Good morning and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our second quarter results. The quarter included several indicators of good performance, a successfully execution of our agency focused strategy. While we’re not satisfied with the property/casualty combined ratio over 100%, on a before catastrophe loss basis, it was 90.4% for the first half of 2014. We intend to improve upon that in the second half. Our second half catastrophe loss ratio has averaged 4.0 points over the past 10 years. If that average holds in the second half of this year, the full year catastrophe affect would be about 7 points or a full point above our full year average over the past 10 years. Absent weather affects from catastrophes in non-cat weather, our combined ratio for the first six months of 2014 improved over the same period in 2013. Moving forward we continue to work hard on initiatives to improve underwriting performance and be even more diligent in risk selection and pricing on a policy-by-policy basis. We continue to be confident that our initiatives will drive long term profit and will steadily grow our insurance operations. Our net income per share for the first six months of 2014 was down $0.54 and was a third less than a year ago. Taking a closer look at the number one simple way to isolate the weather affect is from the net income reconciliation we provide near the end of our earnings news release. After tax insured losses related to weather were $0.63 worse. So before catastrophe and non-catastrophe weather losses operating income was up $0.17 or 9% better than a year ago. Even with the weather affects, our Commercial Line segment and our Excess and Surplus Line segment reported an underwriting profit for the second quarter and first half of 2014. That is the 8th consecutive quarter of underwriting profit for our Commercial Line segment and the seventh in a row for our Excess and Surplus Line segment. For the second quarter we again reported healthy premium growth for each insurance segment, including ongoing renewal price increases on average for each property/casualty segment. In addition to profit improvement and premium growth benefits for more precise pricing, our premium growth was aiding by continuing to appoint outstanding agencies to represent us. In the first half of 2014 we appointed 50 new agencies. All of our appointed agencies continue to do a great job helping us retain profitable accounts. Our policy retention measure have been steady for several quarters. For Commercial Lines, our retention continued toward the high end of the mid-80s and for Personal Lines it remained in the low to mid-90s. For the second quarter average renewal price increases for Commercial Lines were in the low single digit range. As a reminder that average includes the muting effect of three year policies that were not yet subject to renewal pricing during the second quarter. We also continue to obtain more than that the average what we believe it has warranted. Smaller commercial property policy saw second quarter average increases near the upper end of the high single digit range and commercial auto policies averaged increases toward the upper end of the mid-single digit range. For both our Personal Lines and Excess and Surplus Line segments, second quarter 2014 renewal price increases averaged in the mid-single digit range. Next let’s look ahead to Commercial Lines written premium growth for the third quarter. We reported 16% growth in the third quarter of 2013, in part due to a higher than usual estimate for premiums of policies in effect but not yet processed at that time; business in the pipeline so to speak. We’ll be challenged to report year-over-year growth for that segment in this year’s third quarter. Our second quarter 2014 new business written premiums slowed compared with a year ago, reflecting pricing and underwriting discipline. For our Commercial Lines new business in particular, we’ve generally seen fewer agency submissions. We believe that’s an indication that the Commercial market in general is approaching price adequacy. Lower Personal Lines new business premiums were as expected. That reflects our underwriting profitability actions that began around the middle of last year. Those actions included higher premium rates, greater precision in our pricing and changes in our policy terms such as more use of actual cash value coverage for older roofs. Our Excess and Surplus Lines new business premiums grew substantially, in part due to placing more underwriters in the field to help convey our value proposition to agents. Steady profitability in that segment provides confidence that our growth has been healthy. Our life insurance subsidiary, including income from its investment portfolio produced another quarter of solid earnings in premium growth. Investment income was another bright spot for the second quarter. We reported investment income growth for the fourth quarter in a row. Finally our primary measure of long-term financial performance to value creation ratio continues to be on pace to reach our objectives. At the halfway point for the year, VCR stood at 6.6%, more than halfway toward our target of an annual ratio averaging 10% to 13%. I’ll now ask our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell to elaborate on our investment performance and financial items.
Mike Sewell:  Great, thank you Steve and thanks to all you for joining us today. I’ll start by adding a few details about our investment portfolio. The second quarter of 2014 was another one where shareholder value benefited from our equity investing strategy. In addition to our book value increasing from appreciation in our stock portfolio valuation, the bond portfolio also increased significantly. Our stock portfolios pretax and net unrealized gains eclipsed $2 billion and dividend income from the portfolio registered another strong increase, up 13% for the quarter. Yields for our bond portfolio again moved slightly lower, as the second quarter 2014 pretax average yield reported at 4.76% was 16 basis points lower than a year ago. Taxable bonds representing nearly 70% of our bond portfolio had a pretax yield of approximately 5.26% at the end of the second quarter of 2014. The average yield for new taxable bonds purchased during the quarter was 4.31%. For the same period, our tax exempt bond portfolio yield was 3.83% and purchases during the quarter yielded 3.17%. Our bond portfolios effective duration measured 4.4 years at the end of the second quarter, down slightly from 4.5 years at yearend. Cash flow from operating activities continues to help boost investment income. At $351 million for the first half of 2014, net operating cash flow was $100 million or 40% higher than the same period a year ago. Carefully and consistently managing expenses helped to reduce the second quarter and six month underwriting expense ratio by more than a point compared to a year ago. We also continue to follow a consistent approach in setting loss and loss expense reserves seeking to remain well into the upper half of the actuarially estimated range. For the first half of 2014, favorable development on prior accident years at 4.8% was basically in the middle of the 5.6% from the first half of last year and 4.1% the full year 2013 ratio. Our six month 2014 net favorable development was again spread over several accident years including 35% each for accident years 2013 and 2012 and 30% for all order accident years. Our financial strength and liquidity remains steady and strong. We did not purchase additional shares during the second quarter of 2014. We previously reported a first quarter repurchase of 150,000 shares as a maintenance type action intended to partially offset the issuance of shares through equity compensation programs. Cash and makeable securities at the parent company edged up to $1.6 billion at the end of the second quarter, rising slightly from March 31st and 4% from year end. Our property/casualty premiums to surplus ratio was still 0.9:1 giving us plenty of capital to support continued premium growth of our insurance business. I’ll conclude my prepared comments as usual by summarizing the contributions during the second quarter to book value per share. Property/casualty underwriting decreased book value by $0.03. Life insurance operations added $0.06, investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.45. The change in unrealized gains at June 30th for the fixed income portfolio, net of realized gains and losses increased book value per share by $0.38. The change in unrealized gains at June 30th for the equity portfolio, net of realized gains and losses increased book value by $0.62. And we declared $0.44 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value increase of $1.04 during the second quarter to $38.77 per share. And with that I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. In closing our prepared remarks, I'll note that our financial strength ratings were affirmed during the second quarter by Fitch ratings and Standard & Poor’s and S&P now has a positive outlook on our ratings. The Word Group also recently announced its annual top 50 property/casualty insurers based on five year performance and we are pleased to again qualify for that honor. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you during the remainder of the year. As a reminder, with Mike and me today, are J. Schiff, Jr., Ken Stecher, J.F. Scherer, Eric Mathews, Martin Mullen and Margin Hollenbeck. Mike we’re ready for you to open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The first question is from Bijan Moazami with Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Bijan Moazami - Guggenheim: In some of your product lines you guys had tremendous amount of reserve releases. For instance workers compensation, commercial casualty, specialty package, surplus lines, you’ve been getting a fair amount of rate increases as well. What if fail to understand is why quarter-over-quarter the accident year loss ratio assumption on these lines of business aren’t going up? So is there anything in particular going on? Is there any kind of seasonality or just conservatism?
Steve Johnston: Bijan, thank you, good question. I think in terms of seasonality, workers comp might be one line where there is seasonality. But I guess just in general our actuaries do a good job I think of making the best pick they can for each of the accident years. I think we are prudent in terms of the current accident year in terms that there is more variability involved in those years and several of those lines that you mentioned were casualty lines. So we want to make sure to be respectful of the variability in the current accident years. So I think all I just wanted to comment that it’s a very consistent approach that we use and that overall, when we take out the noise we were pleased to see that the core loss ratio or the core combined ratio when we remove the effects of favorable development and weather improved both for the quarter and for half year.
Bijan Moazami - Guggenheim: If I look at your lines of business, I guess the only line that had an adverse loss reserve in the Commercial Line segment was commercial auto. And it has been a problem for the industry. Travelers pointed out that they have problems there too. Could you walk us through what's going on in there? Is it a frequency issue, a severity issue? How you are dealing with it and should we be expecting a significant improvement in accident year, calendar year loss ratio for that line going forward? 
Steve Johnston: That’s a good question Bijan. And I do think you’re right on target in terms of pointing out commercial auto. My feeling is for our Company, as we came out of the financial crisis, during the financial crisis I think a lot of business activity slowed down. Some business went out of business. And so there was reduction in business activity which I think favorably impacted some of that reserving on commercial auto. We released some reserves to reflect that and I think with the uptick with the recovery we were little slow right off the bat to recognize that in terms of our loss picks. And so I think we’re in little bit of a catch up mode there but I do believe that we do need to improve that line, particularly the physical damage side of commercial auto I think has been a bit problematic lately. And so we do assure you that we are working hard to improve that line of business.
Bijan Moazami - Guggenheim: Okay, and one last question on your distribution. Of course Marsh has been quite aggressive in expanding Marsh Agency and making acquisitions. I guess they’ve purchased a number of your agents. Is there any kind of pressure and I haven't been seeing any of it on your commission pay. But how is that impacting your production, your commission and what's your outlook in terms of distribution as these agencies are consolidating? 
J.F. Scherer: Bijan, this is J.F. Scherer. The question you’re asking is, are we getting pressure on having to pay higher commissions, as a result of this?
Bijan Moazami - Guggenheim: Yes. And are you seeing better production with some of those agencies now that they are owned by the corporate giant?
J.F. Scherer: Relative to the commission, our commission levels are really the highest in the industry, when you combine base commission with profit sharing commission. All of the acquirers recognize that. And so I would say that no, we really haven’t got any bill pressure to raise commissions. I think they already appreciate collectively, we're already very generous from that standpoint. To answer your question though in terms of more business as a result of the large - if you will, the giant agencies, the answer really it would be no on that. We’ve, and that changes location to location. We’ve for last 15, 18 years measured our activity levels, resolved a lot of the M&A activity that’s occurred with banks, brokers, things of that nature. What we see is that the profitability that we enjoyed in the agencies before the merger continues, perhaps even it gets a little bit better. However, what we also see is that as you would -- we might expect there’s a certain amount of dislocation that occurs when a local agent purchase -- sometimes producers leave, there might be slightly different strategies that they acquire or want to implement. So we see only a slight, but a slight tail-off in the level of production, generally when all of this occurs. So nothing that we’re seeing now with Marsh agencies and frankly all of the other acquirers that are out there is really much different then what we’ve seen in the past. We do enjoy a great relationship with the management of those organizations. They recognize the value Cincinnati brings. They’re interested in Cincinnati agents, in large part because I think as a partnership that our agencies and we have enjoyed and it’s resulted in success. So it’s -- there are different, slightly different strategies sometimes with the larger guys, but they are strategies that we’re adapting to.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill: Good morning. First, an easy one. Do you think the 10 year average is really the right number for us to be looking at for the cat-load? And I guess a piece to that question really is, it does seem like we have an upward trend in weather related losses over the last decade. And if that’s the case, then maybe we shouldn’t be looking at the 10 year average, because that would always be behind the ball?
Steve Johnston: That’s a good question, Paul. I think we put those averages in there just so that you kind of have a baseline, a feel for what’s going on. You can look at it about a year and so forth. When it comes to the actual pricing that we use, we get more granular than that obviously and we’re using modeled results that we use from either RMS, AIR both and I think it has the advantage when you use the modeled results that you can take your current book of business where it’s located today and run the tens of thousands of scenarios that are possible storms to get a good estimate, at least the best estimate of what we feel the catastrophe losses are. I will say that in areas where we have faced severe convective storm losses and sometimes we’ll judgmentally view that the models are little bit too low or little bit too favorable and will also look at our more recent experience and adjust our estimate accordingly. And when it comes right down to it, rate making pricing is prospective and so we’re just doing our best bet to make our best estimate on what we think the cat losses, the weather losses will be in the upcoming rate period and then price for it accordingly.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill: So are you in the camp of like Travelers for example that’s been very vocal about the view that it’s just getting worse and are you taking a much more -- or you see a different approach?
Steve Johnston: I am not as familiar with Travelers' approach but in terms of ours, we are just trying to do our best to estimate what we feel the losses will be in the perspective period. I know for homeowners the weather percentage that we use is about 26 loss ratio points and we just feel based on all the information, whether it be modeled, looking at our own experience, that’s the best estimate for us.
J.F. Scherer: Paul, this is J.F. I guess, I might add that relative to underwriting actions. So we’ve recognized and 2011 was particularly bad year for us, 2013 was a really good year. So there has been a lot of volatility even within the last five, but in addition to what Steve mentioned on rate making, relative to underwriting actions that we’re taking, we’re approaching it from an underwriting standpoint, which just makes sense, as though the hailstorms that are more prevalent with larger hailstones landing at higher speeds, tornadoes, things of that nature would continue. So relative to the actions we’ve taken for example in Personal Lines to make sure that we’re insuring roofs that are more substantial, same would be true for Commercial Lines. We’re pushing percentage, wind and hail deductibles, we’re inspecting more buildings, we’re inspecting more roofs, we’re taking a much more aggressive approach from an underwriting standpoint, not necessarily from a pricing standpoint to anticipate the possibility that that kind of weather could continue.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill: Putting aside the weather related -- normalizing for weather are we at the place still where rates are exceeding what you believe is the underlying claims inflation?
Steve Johnston:  This is Steve and yes I believe we’re at that point. I think as the market is competitive that that gap may be narrowing a bit. But I do feel that we are exceeding our lost cost trend with our premium increases. I think this is important. Maybe more so is the work nth we’re doing on segmentation and making sure to go policy by policy to feel that we’re getting the appropriate rate for the next risk that we write, no matter where it is, that would consider all the rate making forecast that we do, all the underwriting actions that J.F. mentioned and more. And so we feel that we are continuing to make progress, continuing to make improvement and expect for that to continue.
Operator: Next question is from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank:  I wonder if you can give me some reasonable perspective on where you’re seeing the greatest growth in your business, where you’re seeing the toughest competition; and where you expect the best opportunities out for you in the next 24 months.
J.F. Scherer: Josh, taking a look at our new business activity across the country, I can’t say that there's any one particular area that's either any more or less competitive than others. I think breaking it down in the Midwest, South and Southeast for that matter, despite what you read in terms of property rates going down, we see -- still see quite a firmness in property rates and I think it’s a direct result of the storms and the weather activity. I think all carriers are recognizing that. We’re continuing to push for growth and it is improved growth out west and in less cat prone areas. So that’s where the area of focus is. Now having said that, our most profitable state is Ohio. And so we like to write business here and so we’ll look grow in Ohio. But we are working on much more aggressive geographic diversification. By way of commentary on new business it is more competitive than it has been. I think what we would recognize is that as Steve mentioned in his remarks that there are fewer; I guess you might call it layups, really good accounts that are being shopped. Last year this time there were still carriers announcing their desire for across the board fairly significant increases. That drove a lot of shopping in the marketplace of all accounts, not just underpriced accounts and as a result there were more opportunities for us. We’re seeing interestingly enough a bit more aggressiveness from the marketplace in worker’s comp, which is an odd line of business to get aggressive about. At least from our view point it is. So we do see that. Our new business is holding up with the exception of worker’s comp and that’s mainly due to what I just mentioned and the fact that we’ve written some -- bit fewer larger accounts in comp. Commercial Auto, for those two lines really is what drove the lack of growth in new business for us. If you take the package business, we’re basically flat, but very pleased with still the opportunities that we’re getting. We just have to be more careful about what we get; more scrutiny, more inspections, more loss control, leveraging the predicted models and the analytics that we have and we’re comfortable that we’re going to be able to continue to grow where we want to grow.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: That's very helpful. When you said that Ohio is your most profitable state, do you mean by margin or by dollar volume?
Steve Johnston: It would be both.
Operator: The next question is from Vincent DeAugustino with KBW. Your line is open.
Vincent DeAugustino - KBW:  One of the things I guess I noticed on your Web site here more recently is that you had a blog posted of some adjacent building fires in the Commercial Line side. I think you posted that last week. And then to that point, a few of your peers have commented on elevated fire losses this quarter and then if I kind of go a step further I'm seeing some elevated commercial lines, large loss activity in both the greater than $500,000 and then the $1 million to $5 million bucket. So I'm kind of curious between triangulating on those three observations, if you guys might have had some elevated commercial fire losses as well.
Marty Mullen: This is Marty Mullen. You’re absolutely correct. Our second quarter kind of mimics some of the other peers in the industry as far as increasing large losses. We saw the same in commercial fire and actually commercial auto losses. We view those losses don’t indicate any exact trends and lines of business or territories kind of spread out across our footprint. As you might guess the frequency in more of our larger states is Ohio, Pennsylvania and Indiana. It's a unique quarter up for the large losses but we see this both in commercial auto and commercial property and frequency was up in both.
Vincent DeAugustino - KBW: Okay, that’s good to know. And then since we're on commercial auto, clearly this has been a line that's been giving the industry a lot of trouble and it [indiscernible]. I guess for me it doesn’t feel like its purely medical, in part because I think I would expect to see maybe similar pressure on workers comp medical. So I'm just curious if the factor space in commercial auto, just what those factors are that you’re tackling on the claim side? And then generally if there is anything noteworthy that would be helpful I guess for us in understanding how long this drags out because at the same time we’re seeing some of your competitors simply back away from the line and to me that would imply that this really isn’t a quick fix rate problem. So I am just curious with any thoughts that you might have on auto.
Marty Mullen: I’ll just make a comment in regards to the claim question there, Vincent. On the claim side I think you’re right. It’s not so much the medial spend issue; it’s the types of vehicles on the road and the types of impact and collisions driving the severity issues. I do think there's a lot to be gained by the underwriting of your commercial auto piece on the MVR on drivers and knowing what your business makeup is; as the economy has come back, you need to make sure that the drivers they hired have the best MVRs and so forth. So I think there's a lot of be done on the claims and the loss and the loss control piece of the commercial auto. And I know, J.F. has commented before about our focus on that very aspect of it.
J.F. Scherer: Vincent this is J.F. Just going on with Marty’s comments, certainly we’re pushing rate but we’re also doing a lot of work on just making sure that the vehicles in our fleet are property classified. Marty mentioned heavier trucks for example being up more and the business -- the economy is improving, contractors for example, more trucks out there, heavier trucks. They've got a little bit more work. And that’s confirmed by our increase in our audits, our payrolls and sales for the company. But in addition to rate, we’re doing more in loss control and we’re also verifying classification of vehicles, making certain that in the physical damage side of things, that we’ve got the correct cost news on vehicles, the correct gross vehicle weight of the vehicles and then going back to the agencies and verifying the usage of the vehicles and the radius of operation. It’s basically Insurance 101 there. There's nothing unusual about it. But what we see is that there is a lot of room for improvement in those areas.
Vincent DeAugustino - KBW: And then just had one last one. Just on the ongoing discussion rates, I think we tend to be a little too myopic at times. So just in the sequential change from first quarter, just as we think about that over the last few quarters for that matter, I'm just curious if there's been any change in I guess the bid-ask spread between what you're kind of asking for and what you’re actually getting from a rate increase standpoint? Just I guess help us understand if most of the change here is just because more accounts are hitting target hurdles and that just shifts your focus to retaining those profitable accounts; just to get some color on the dynamic.
Steve Johnston: I think it would be the later. I don’t have the total metrics to dispute that first point in terms of the bid ask but in terms of the way we feel about it, we feel that we have been making improvement, that we have been not only getting rate ahead of loss cost trends but we’ve been retaining the ones that we want and that we have been getting more increase or shedding those we want as well. Particularly workers compensation, I'd say that would be kind of a shiny star in that regard in terms of working both, the overall rate increase and the segmentation and all the other attributes, the other parts of underwriting inspection, claims, the whole team approach I think has been working pretty well in workers compensation.
J.F. Scherer: Vincent this is J.F. I would stress that the conversation here isn’t -- and you mentioned myopic. It isn’t just about rate increase. And I'm just confirming what Steve said about the bigger picture of how we’re trying to underwrite every single account case-by-case. The most important thing we can do is make an informed decision. And you can rely on the model in a lot of cases but there is some many attributes of the risk. But if you’re not up to-date on them, if the buildings haven’t been re-inspected, if we’re not 100% certain about rent rules on tenant occupied buildings or whether or not a contractor now that’s enjoying some success is getting into areas of construction and they hadn’t been before, those are all equally important and you can’t attack the problem with rate alone. It won't work. And so we’ve got a multifaceted approach to things that are working pretty good right now.
Operator: The next question is from Scott Heleniak with RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Yes. Reinsurance sales prices are continuing to climb. Just -- obviously there is an opportunity for savings or better terms and conditions. And just wondering if you can guys can just kind of give us an update on your reinsurance buying strategy, how you see that playing out. Obviously it's more favorable for primary carriers like Cincinnati, but I don't know if you have any thoughts on where you kind of see the heading for you guys?
J.F. Scherer: Well, this is J.F. Most of our treaties are all January 1 renewals and I think we’ve mentioned maybe on the last conference call that we did enjoy some reasonable savings there. It would be in line with what you’re reading in the market place. So really we’re just in the process of beginning our discussions with our reinsurers and then also cat cover guys. We’re very fortunate in that last year we did raise our retention from $7 million to $8 million on per risk basis. That’s part of the strategy. We’ve been very fortunate in that we really haven’t given any losses to reinsurers. So I think they'll be pleased with knock on wood, that that will continue for the rest of the year. We read the same thing as you do, although we haven’t had any negotiations with anyone about the fact that rates continue to go down. Our cat bond was placed last year. We were pleased with the pricing that we got on that. Once again, no losses have been ceded there. So I suspect we’ll go into the negotiations this fall as a continued desirable client for all of our reinsurers and we would hope to enjoy for them and us fair pricing, whatever that may turn out to be.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. That’s helpful. Just, I know this was covered a little bit in Q1. The expense ratio was down I think 60 basis points in the first quarter and was down 150 or so in the second quarter. And I’m just wondering if that kind of 30% to 31% range, is that sustainable for the second half of the year, that kind of improvement?
Mike Sewell: This is Mike Sewell. That’s probably going to be my favorite topic. So we're very pleased with the, the movement in the expense ratio. We have to wait and see how the rest of year holds up. Some of what’s causing the betterment there is the profit sharing commission that we accrue for during the year related to the business, with our combined ratio being up a little bit. The profit sharing commission will be down a little bit. So we'll have to wait to see how the rest of the year pans out with that. But one thing that will stay, you’ll see the trend continue is that we -- our expenses other expenses, other than commissions are increasing. But we’re increasing it at a moderate rate that is below the increase in premium. So we do monitor the expenses, have controls over it and so I think as we continue through the rest of the year, premiums will outrun other expenses. I think the ratio will stay low, but let’s watch the combined ratio and what the effects of a profit sharing may be of it. It may be up a couple of tenths of a point but it’s not -- I don’t think it’s going to be matching the prior year.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then just one other quick numbers question. You guys mentioned the Q3 2013, the premium impact from -- I think you said premiums were processed, but not reported. And I was wondering if you had a dollar amount on what you estimate that might have been for Q3 last year?
Mike Sewell: Yes. That’s a great question. At times it can be really difficult to judge one quarter written premium growth rate without thinking about the entire year. There could be some seasonality, timing of large policies written versus typical small commercial policies, where other effects that can cause a premium to spike or dip in a given quarter. Now in the prior year third quarter we experienced a written premium spike that was then really offset by a written premium dip in the fourth quarter and you can actually see that on Page 17 of the supplemental financial data. But on a consolidated basis, written premiums for the third quarter of 2013 was a $1.31 billion followed by a fourth quarter 2013 of $908 million. Now the average of those two periods is consistent with the first two individual quarters of 2013. So as we go into the third quarter of 2014 for written premiums, it will be challenge to have a double digit growth when compared to the prior year period. But there should be an opposite effect when we report the fourth quarter of 2014. So all this being said and sorry for being a little long winded as here, but you will not see this movement in earned premiums, as written premiums are earned overtime which can take up some of those spikes and dips.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Right, okay. Just a timing issue. So, but you did say it will be a challenge for them to be up year-over-year, right, Commercial Lines? Is that what you said?
Mike Sewell: That would be correct, but then when you look at the fourth quarter, we likely will be a very good comparison this year to the fourth quarter last year once you take out the spike and the dip.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). The next question is from Mike Zaremski with Alliancy.
Mike Zaremski - Alliancy:  As you guys continue deploying more sophisticated and thorough underwriting techniques and processes, is there any, I guess subsequent change in the actuarial reserving process?
Steve Johnston: All those things would be considered. I think we’re a little bit from Missouri in that regard in that we tend to take a prudent latency approach to make sure that underwriting actions that is described and that we feel will work. I still believe there is a little bit of a latency to make sure that we start to see it in the numbers and I just think that’s consistent with our prudent reserving approach.
Operator: The next question is from Fred Nelson with Crowell Weedon.
Fred Nelson - Crowell Weedon:  The insurance commissioner here in California said that the insurance companies are raising premiums and he wants more control over that increase in the premiums. I'm wondering as a political risk, are you seeing anything across the country that matches the insurance commissioner in California?
Steve Johnston:  This is Steve, good question. We’re not active in California but we are active in 39 states. Each state is a little bit different. We love state regulation by the way because that way the risk is kind of spread across 39 insurance departments. We feel very fortunate here in Ohio, our domiciliary state to have a very good insurance regulation. We think that really results in great competition which keeps the environment competitive, the rates competitive. And so all of our states vary a little bit but I would say that we would not describe regulation at this point to be an issue and that we are supportive of state regulations.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to the presenters.
Dennis McDaniel: Okay. Thank you for joining us today, we look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter call.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dennis McDaniel - Investor Relations Officer Steve Johnston - President and CEO Mike Sewell - Chief Financial Officer J.F. Scherer - Chief Insurance Officer Marty Mullen - Chief Claims Officer 
Analysts:  Bijan Moazami - Guggenheim Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill Vincent DeAugustino - KBW Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital 
Operator: Good morning, my name is Jay and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cincinnati Financial’s First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I will now hand the call over to Mr. Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. Please go ahead.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello, this is Dennis McDaniel from Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Late yesterday we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents please visit our Investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call you’ll first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer; and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time some responses maybe made by others in the room with us, including Executive Committee Chairman, Jack Schiff, Jr.; Chairman of the Board, Ken Stecher; Chief Insurance Officer, J.F. Scherer; Principal Accounting Officer, Eric Matthews; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Chief Claims Officer, Marty Mullen. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, please we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our first quarter results. While severe winter weather, interrupted our recent strength of quarterly property casualty underwriting profits, we continue to be confident that our initiatives will drive long-term profit and will steadily grow our insurance operations. We had another solid quarter of price increases in excess of our loss cost trends and our mix of business continues shifting in a favorable direction, as we get more rate on lower margin policies and retain higher margin policies. We continue to outpace the industry in premium growth, delivering new services to help our agents grow, while we carefully underwrote and priced each risks and we grew investment income by 5% over the first quarter of last year. Our first quarter combined ratio was just over 100% with the catastrophe loss ratio roughly two thirds higher than our five year average for the first quarter. For our commercial line segment, we experienced the highest first quarter catastrophe loss ratio in at least 10 years and still generating the small underwriting profit. In addition to higher than typical first quarter affects from natural catastrophes we experienced an unusually high amount of weather related losses that were not part of the main catastrophe event for the industry. On a total property casualty basis, our ratio of non-catastrophe weather for the first quarter of 2014 was 3.6 percentage points higher than last year’s first quarter, and it was at its highest level since the first quarter of 2009. Premiums continued to grow within the range we expected. Our property casualty net written premiums grew by 7% and we continued to benefit from greater pricing precision. Commercial policies that renewed during the first quarter, had estimated average price increases in the mid single-digit range. The average was near the lower end of the mid single-digit range and includes the [musing] effect of three other policies that were not yet subject to renewal pricing during the first quarter. As usual, some lines of business had average renewal price increases that were stronger than others. For instant our smaller commercial property policies had an average increase near the upper end of the high single-digit range. Consistent with the fourth quarter, renewal price increases for our excess and surplus lines segment continue to be in the high single-digit range, and for our personal lines segment that increase was in the mid single-digit range. Our first quarter 2014, new business premiums slowed compared with a year ago, reflecting pricing and underwriting discipline. The first quarter decrease in our commercial lines of new business premiums was essentially due to a reduction in new larger workers compensation policies. New business written premiums for our major package lines, commercial casualty and commercial property grew 10% and 6% respectively. The reduction in our personal lines of new business premiums was as expected, reflecting the efforts of our recent underwriting profitability actions, higher premium rates and greater precisions in our pricing. We believe the new business we are hitting is a higher quality, the homes we are arriving had new roofs and more of them are higher value homes. A larger portion of our personal lines new business is packaged to include both home and auto. We also experienced satisfactory premium growth, in both our excess and surplus lines segment and in our life insurance segment, both producing operating profits. We continue executing on initiatives to improve insurance profitability and to drive premium growth. One initiative that adds premium growth overtime is our careful selection and appointments of new agencies. In the first quarter of 2014 [we have] 27 new agencies. We also reported investment income growth for the third quarter in a row. First quarter 2014 investment income would have been higher than a year ago even without the effect of suppressed first quarter 2013 dividends. You will recall that we reported about $5 million of special or accelerated dividends at the end of 2012 as issuers responded to anticipated tax law changes. I’ll concluded with our primary measure of financial performance, the value creation ratio. While that measure is most applicable for measuring long-term performance and creating shareholder value, our 2.6% first quarter result gives us a good start toward our longer term objective of an annual ratio averaging 10% to 13%. Our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell will now add his comments about performance in related financial items.
Mike Sewell: Great. Thank you Steve. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. I’ll begin with a few important details about our investment portfolio. The first quarter of 2014 again illustrated the benefit of our equity investing strategy. Our book value benefited from appreciation in our stock portfolio evaluation, and the bond portfolio also made a positive contribution. Our stock portfolio’s pretax net unrealized gains are approaching $1.9 billion and the dividend income from the portfolio continued to increase. Yields for our bond portfolio again moved slightly lower as the first quarter 2014 pre-tax yield of 4.82% was 11 basis points lower than a year ago. Taxable bonds representing about 70% of our bond portfolio, had a pretax yield of approximately 5.29% at the end of the first quarter of 2014. The average yield for new taxable bonds purchased during the first quarter of 2014 was 4.51%. For the same period, our tax exempt bond portfolio yield was 3.85%, and purchases during the quarter yielded 3.19%. Our bond portfolio’s effective duration measured 4.5 years at the end of first quarter unchanged from year end. Cash flow from operating activities continues to benefit investment income. At a $129 million for the first quarter of 2014, net operating cash flow more than doubled the same period a year ago. We continue to carefully manage expenses helping to reduce the first quarter underwriting expense ratio by a full point compared to a year ago. Moving to loss reserves, we continue to follow consistent approach, seeking to remain well into the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of net loss and loss expense reserves. For the first quarter of 2014, favorable development on prior accident years of 3.1% was close to the full year 2013 ratio of 4.1%. We added net IBNR reserves in the first quarter, and property casualty growth reserves in aggregate for all accident years was $82 million or 2% from year end. As a result of larger than expected accident year 2013 loss payments for umbrella and general liability, we recognized $8 million of unfavorable development during the first quarter in our commercial casualty line of business. Despite recognizing that development, the loss and loss expense ratio for that line’s accident year 2013 is in line with accident years 2012 and 2011 after updating reserve estimates for all years as of March 31st. Commercial casualty has historically been among our largest and most profitable lines of business. In each of the last 10 years, we have reported favorable annual reserve development and our consistent approach to reserving gives us confidence in the adequacy of current reserves for that line. Our first quarter reserve development by accident year was $18 million unfavorable for accident year 2013 driven by the commercial casualty lines of business, and $23 million favorable for accident year 2012, $11 million favorable for accident year 2011 and $14 million favorable for all older accident years in the aggregate. Our financial strength and liquidity remained in excellent condition. We repurchased 150,000 shares during the first quarter, an average cost of $47.71 per share. This repurchase activity was again a maintenance type action intended to partially offset the issuance of shares through equity compensation plans. Cash and marketable securities at the parent company remained at over $1.5 billion at the end of the first quarter. Our property casualty premiums to surplus ratio remained at 0.9 to 1 providing plenty of capital to support continued premium growth of our insurance business. I’ll conclude my prepared comments as usual by summarizing the contributions during the first quarter to book value per share. Property casualty underwriting decreased book value by less than $0.01. Life insurance operations added $0.06. Investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.36. The change in unrealized gains on March 31st for the fixed income portfolio net of realized gains and losses increased book value per share by $0.35. The change in unrealized gains at March 31st for the equity portfolio net of realized gains and losses increased book value by $0.19. And we declared $0.44 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value increase of $0.52 during the first quarter to $37.73 per share. And with that I’ll turn the call back over to you Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. While the insurance business will always be challenging and challenged by the weather or other forces, investors, agents, associates and others can count on Cincinnati Financial to remain steady in execution of our strategy. That includes openness and integrity in how we operate. And we are pleased to be recognized again by Forbes. In its inaugural list of the America’s 50 most trustworthy financial companies, we are the top performing company. This marks the fourth time in a row that Forbes has recognized us on one of its lists of trustworthy companies. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you throughout this year. As a reminder with Mike and me today are Jack Schiff Jr., Ken Stecher, J.F. Scherer, Eric Matthews, Marty Mullen and Marty Hollenbeck. Jay, we are ready for you to open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Bijan Moazami with Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Bijan Moazami - Guggenheim: Good morning.
Steve Johnston: Good morning, Bijan.
Bijan Moazami - Guggenheim: Good morning. If I’m looking at the accident year loss ratios, typically if you look at the industry 2011, 2012, they were bad accident year, ending up [decision] and 2013 looks to be positive, could you talk a little bit about what’s going on in the commercial lines, casualty, commercial casualty, why you are seeing adverse losses in 2013, is there anything in particularly happening? And I understand that you guys have historically been incredibly conservative, so in terms of loss cost trend, if you could provide little bit more color would be great.
Steve Johnston: Sure Bijan, good question, thank you for asking. We have, as you mentioned, been very consistent in our approach, conservative in our approach and that is reflected in what you see today by posting some upward movement in our PIC for the most recent exit year of 2013. I think, the important thing to look there is that we did see a little bit in terms of more or higher payments and so we reacted to it. But when you look at the exit year, even after we adjusted the PIC upwards, it's still very consistent in the mid-50 loss ratio range, where we've been the last few years. And we still feel very confident about the line, very confident about our reserving position, feel we're getting rate in excess of our loss cost trend and probably more important, really segmenting the book there and getting more rate on those that need more rate and nearly working hard to retain those that have the highest profit potential.
Bijan Moazami - Guggenheim: Great. As far as the personal lines goes with a very significant increase in current accident year loss ratio before cat, even when I adjust for the non-catastrophe weather related losses. Is there anything in particular going on in there or I'm counting my non-catastrophe weather-related losses somewhat in a wrong way?
Steve Johnston: No, I think your analysis is good, it's line we're keeping a close eye on. Again, I think we feel confident in the trends are within achievable rate increases. I think it is a first quarter, which there is a lot of uncertainty there that we reflect in terms of really for an exit quarter, the claim has to occurred in the first quarter and then reported the end reserve. So, I think we're taking a cautious approach there, but to your point one will be keeping a close eye on. And I think, whether it's weather or not weather a lot of it was driven by the physical damage part of it.
Bijan Moazami - Guggenheim: Great. One last question. Could you talk a little bit about what you expect the property inspections that you are planning to do for 2014 impacting your level of rate increases this year?
J.F. Scherer: John, this is J.F. Scherer. What we are trying to concentrate on the property inspections and in addition to that more loss control inspections is taking more underwriting action unnecessarily by raising rates and by recognizing conditions of property that would cause us to perhaps raise deductibles, suggest to the policyholder changes that they should make to minimize the possibility of a loss or to reduce a large loss. There are a number of and we have mentioned this before, there are number of accounts that once we inspect them on homeowners, for example, we discover that a house is in a different protection class then what we had in our file, and so consequently we will get a rate increase there. From time to time we will also note that there is an undervalued circumstance both in commercial property or personal lines property of homeowner that will increase the coverage amount and there would be a corresponding increase in premium from that. So the inspections really are designed to just provide us with a better look at the quality of the overall book of business that we have. Sometimes (inaudible) you’ve point out, there would be a rate increase associated with it. Most times, however, we are taking underwriting action to improve the profile.
Bijan Moazami - Guggenheim: Thank you.
Steve Johnston: Thank you Bijan.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill. Your line is open.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill: Good morning folks.
Steve Johnston: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill: If we look at the reserve charge from the casualty item, are we able to (inaudible) and that pull out maybe those discrete items and then look at what happened there from the reserve perspective, are we still at a sort of typical level of reserve releases if we exclude those items?
Steve Johnston: I think the reserves in terms of how we’re doing that is very consistent with our approach. The actual overall reserve release was pretty consistent with the full year of 2013, maybe a little bit more favorable than it was first quarter a year ago. As we point out, with the first quarter we’ve just completed the full year analysis just a few weeks ago, so we’re not going to be making a whole lot of changes there, but we are prudent, we are conservative, and so when we saw and to your point, dug down a little bit deeper, we saw a little bit more higher than expected payments in the commercial casualty on a package or CMP liability and also our umbrella and so we reflected it.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill: Thank you. That’s it for me. Nice question. I appreciate it.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Paul.
Operator: The next question comes from Vincent DeAugustino with KBW. Your line is open.
Vincent DeAugustino - KBW: Hi. Good morning everyone.
Steve Johnston: Good morning Vincent.
Vincent DeAugustino - KBW: Just going back to one of your initiatives that we talked about a couple of quarters ago on the predictive claims launch that I think was supposed to go live in the third or fourth quarter on full workers comp last year. I am just curious maybe how the launch went? And if you haven't had any early thoughts on how might that process from a loss cost savings might be trending so far?
Marty Mullen: Good morning, Vincent. This is Marty Mullen in Claims. Yes, actually April 1st, we went live with our [fairest generation] of a predictive model for workers comps claims. We’re quite encouraged with the initial results of the model, it’s providing data and metrics on new claims as they move forward projecting the outcomes or projecting potential for outcomes for loss cost and return to working issues. So we're pretty excited with what we’ve experienced so far. What we are looking forward to is the next generation will be to identify and apply the model to existing claims that have been open for a month to highlight tendencies those claims, which may require different type of attention via nurse case management or certain prescription attention. So it’s live active and we're pretty encouraged.
Vincent DeAugustino - KBW: Great, sounds good. And then Marty just to stick with you, I guess it would be the right way to go on this anyway. So on an earlier call today, there are some discussion around some of the harsher winter weather impacting contractor activity and that basically leading to little bit of a benefit on workers comp, but I’m just kind of curious if some of the underlying loss trends, I guess particularly on frequency, if you happen to be seeing anything similar to that in the -- since you’ve workers comp book?
Marty Mullen:  I think our first quarter for work comp was fairly quiet and fairly normal, I can’t say that we saw an uptick in that type of activity as far as on a claim count basis, so no I don’t think we’ve experience that.
Vincent DeAugustino - KBW:  Okay. And then just this is kind of a follow-up to the earlier reserve discussion here on this call, but if we go back to some of the older exiting years, I’m looking at index reserve performance. One of the things that we have sometimes seem and necessarily has responded to some emerging, a trend is maybe a little bit of adverse reserve and immediately following initial calendar year, but then ultimately if you track how that exiting year develops more often not you end up getting the net cumulative favorable reserve development even including that initial kind of increase. And so, what I’m just kind of curious about and kind of speaks to Paul’s question a little bit, does this to you guys feel like it's consistent with your historical prudence that potentially implies that we'll ultimately see, if things kind of do not deteriorate, net favorable development on accident year 2013, or is it kind of as we look at some of these more concrete payment trends that really, no, maybe that's not the right way to think about it?
Steve Johnston: I think it is the right way, Vincent. I think it's the same stable approach. And as you were making your question, I was thinking to those excellent charts you have in your reports, the line graphs that show as the time progresses, accident years develop favorably. And I don't think that we see anything that would make us feel differently.
Vincent DeAugustino - KBW: Okay, sounds good. That's all I had and look forward to talking to you soon.
Steve Johnston: Great. Thank you Vincent.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). The next question comes from Mark Dwelle with RBC Capital. Your line is open.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital: Yes, good morning. A couple questions. First on the expense ratio, very good year-over-year improvement and although it’s fairly consistent with the prior quarter, anything unusual in either last year's number that made it high or this year's number that made it a little lower or is it just continued blocking and tackling?
Mike Sewell: That's a great question and thanks for it. There is definitely going to be a little bit of a combination, that's going to be in there. Of course, you are going to have in any given period some accruals, timing of payments, things that occur that might make it bounce around a little bit. I would put the change here that you are seeing a little bit more along the lines of an overall -- we are controlling the increase of our spending on expenses and we are letting the increase in premiums outrun it. And so I think that’s really going to be the major driver that you are seeing. As a full point improvement, if you are to look at the first quarter last year which was at 32.2 and where we ended up the year at 31.9, I am not sure if that trend will necessary continue for the rest of this year when you look at the 31.2 because you will have some volatility. But I am very encouraged that the way that we are controlling our expenses, there may be some fluctuations that are in there and will probably end up in a low 31 by the end of the year.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital: That’s helpful. Thanks. Same question, maybe for J.F. as much as anybody but anybody can chime in. Are you seeing any change in competitive behavior as far as competitors being, I will say, either more defensive on defending their own books of business or alternatively more aggressive on attacking newer books of business? And really we've heard a number of comments from different carriers, and we are seeing signs of higher overall premium retention ratios. Just curious, what you are seeing on the ground as far as how that dynamic is playing out?
J.F. Scherer: Mark, I think you hit an important factor on defending renewals. Last year this time, for example, there were still carriers that were pre-announcing if you will to their agents that they intended to be very aggressive about increasing rates, just trying to set the stage for it. I think it consequently, a lot of the business that would have been written with that carrier would have found itself in the marketplace being [shot]. I think what we’re seeing just relative to competitive environment is that there is more defense of renewals. What I would say is that carriers are little more comfortable with where they have their rates. They’re signaling that they will be happier with modest increases and therefore more aggressive perhaps about defending the renewal, not wanting to lose it. So we’re clearly seeing that in the marketplace. We’re seeing some signs of a little bit of added competitiveness from some carriers. A few examples of bonus commissions been announced by some carriers to go after business. I can’t say that we feel that our book of business is being specifically targeted by anyone. We haven’t noticed that. One of the things about our new business for example for the first quarter and we had a significant first quarter of last year. I mean it was really a heck of an increase in new business in the first quarter. We are very pleased with what we saw in our ability to write business both in property and casualty lines to have an increase over a big increase last year. The only thing we saw in terms of new business in commercial lines that, and I don’t think it was an example of a competitive marketplace, is that we just didn’t write as many larger workers’ comp policies as new businesses we would have. And I don’t know in the second quarter, we might write an extraordinary amount simply because of just the timing, things of that nature. So I think as a general statement as far as the marketplace is concerned, it seems that the marketplace has pricing more in line with what the way it would have wanted to be. Somebody else’s renewal will be less attractive or less easy to compete for this year, and so that’s how I size up the whole marketplace in general.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital:  Thanks very much. That’s great color.
Operator:  There are no additional questions at this time. I’d like to turn the call back to Mr. Johnston for closing remarks.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, thank you all for your excellent questions and for joining us today. We hope to see some of you tomorrow at our Annual Shareholders Meeting; it’s at Cincinnati Art Museum. Others are welcome to listen to our webcast of the meeting available at cinfin.com/investors. We look forward to speaking with you again on our second quarter call. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Dennis McDaniel – IR Steve Johnston – President and CEO Mike Sewell – SVP, CFO and Treasurer J.F. Scherer – Chief Insurance Officer Marty Mullen – Chief Claims Officer
Analysts:  Mike Zaremski – Credit Suisse Ian Gutterman – Balyasny Asset Management Vincent DeAugustino – Keefe Bruyette & Woods Inc. Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital Markets LLC Paul Newsome – Sandler O’Neill 
Operator: Good morning, my name is Denise, and I’ll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the fourth quarter 2013 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question and answer session. (Operator instructions) Thank you. Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer, you may begin your conference.
Dennis McDaniel: Good morning everyone, this is Dennis McDaniel, and we thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter and full year 2013 earnings conference call. Late yesterday we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents please visit our Investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call you will first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including Executive Committee Chairman Jack Schiff, Jr., Chairman of the Board Ken Stecher, Chief Insurance Officer J.F. Scherer, Principal Accounting Officer Eric Matthews, Chief Investment Officer Marty Hollenbeck and Chief Claims Officer Marty Mullen. First please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Dennis, and good morning. Like last year, I am speaking with you today from Queens Borough [ph], Tennessee, the fourth stop on our 22-state tour of sales meeting with our independent agents. Our senior leadership team goes out in visitations in the first half of each year, and it’s always an energizing experience for us. We enjoy the chance to thank our agents in person for contributing to another year of underwriting profit and strong premium growth and for trusting Cincinnati Insurance to serve the people and businesses in their communities. We are pleased to report solid fourth quarter and full year of 2013 operating results. As we consider our progress in building value for shareholders, we favor a long-term approach and manage our business accordingly. Our ongoing initiatives intended to improve insurance profitability and drive premium growth lead to an improved operating result for the full year 2013. More favorable weather also contributed to our 2013 operating results. I’d like to mention however, that we already know weather will affect our first quarter 2014 results. Two winter storm events between January 3 and January 8 cost an estimated $65 million to $85 million in catastrophe losses for our property casualty segments. Most of our losses are from water damage related to frozen pipes that burst. It’s too early for us to provide a meaningful estimate of losses from severe weather that occurred later in January. While weather can always affect our financial results, we believe execution of our strategic initiatives continue to provide benefits over time. Our fourth quarter and full year combined ratios were below 94% within the 795% [ph] range we aim for. On an as per year basis for [ph] catastrophe losses, 2013 improved 4.3 points compared with 2012. We plan to improve our combined ratio for 2014. We’re in the significant portion of 2013 steady renewal price increases over the next year and then the other initiatives we’re implementing should benefit loss experience. Premium growth for full year 2013 was as we expected. Our property casualty net written premium – net written premiums grew at a double digit pace benefiting from greater pricing precision and higher pricing overall. For personal lines, full year premiums reach $1 billion for the first time. We remain on course to reach our goal of $5 billion of consolidated annual direct written premiums by the end of 2015. We continue to get more rates on lower margin policies and retain higher margin policies. As a result, our mix of business is shifting in a favorable direction. On an average renewal price increase basis, commercial policies that are renewed during the fourth quarter had estimated average price increases in the mid-single-digit range, just as strong as our third quarter average. Also consistent with the third quarter, renewal price increases for our excess and surplus lines and our personal line segments continued in the high-single-digit and mid-single-digit ranges respectively. Policy retention for both commercial and personal lines remained consistent with the year ago. Our commercial lines policy retention continues in the mid 80% range and personalized policy retention continues in the low-to-mid 90% range. Our full year 2013 new business premiums at $543 million set another record high. Despite the total of our fourth quarter commercial and personalized new business coming in $7 million lower than the year ago. Even more important than hitting the new record amount is the confidence we have in our new business pricing from our pricing analytics and modeling tools. Commercial lines new business premium can vary substantially by quarter, in part due to timing of acquiring large policies or fully new agencies. For example, fourth quarter 2012 was particularly strong, was the highest volume of any quarter that year. The history shows that the fourth quarter is typically not our biggest quarter for commercial new business. Our full year 2013 personal lines new business premiums came within $1 million of 2012. That was a satisfying result given our underwriting actions around homeowners rates and deductibles that we implemented last spring. We tend to avoid drawing conclusions about trends based on a single quarter of data for certain measures. That applies to new business premiums as well as renewal pricing, large losses and prior accident year reserve development among other things. Instead, we focus on executing a long-term strategy and are quite satisfied with our performance for 2013. In our life insurance segment earn premiums continue to grow during the quarter contributing to full year growth of 6%. For all of our insurance segments, we continue to be careful to grow premiums only when we believe profitability is adequate. We continue to appoint new agencies and that adds to premium growth over time as those relationships mature. In 2014, we plan to appoint approximately 100 agencies. January 1, mark the renewal of our reinsurance program. It’s an important part of managing enterprise risk and helped protect capital and limit earnings volatility. Our per risk treaties remained substantially the same as 2013, except for increase in our retention $1 million to $8 million per loss. That change a more favorable rates should result in a modest reduction in our 2014 reinsurance cost. Our property catastrophe treaty provides coverage similar to last year. In January, we replace our expiring collateralized reinsurance with the new catastrophe bond providing $100 million of coverage. The coverage period now expand up to three years, expiring January 18, 2017. The coverage applies to severe convictive storm loses in selected areas as well as supplemental coverage in the event of an earthquake. In addition to coverage provided last year related to the new mother [ph] fault line that includes several states in the Pacific Northwest. For both coverage, convictive storm and earthquake, the geography related to the coverage was expanded for 2014. The program now generally covers the entire states where we have significant amounts of insured property risks instead of just selected counties. The storm aggregate coverage provides loss recovery once storm losses for all events in aggregate exceed $160 million after a $5 million deductible per event. To the second quarter in a row, investment income growth is another positive. That growth is impressive to us considering that fourth quarter 2012 included about $5 million of special or accelerated dividends as issuers responded to anticipated tax law changes. Finally, our primary measure of financial performance, the value creation ratio confirms strong company performance for the quarter and the year. That measure keeps every associate in our company focused on individual and team performance, helping to create shareholder value over time. It was 16.1% for the year and in an average 13.1% over the past five years. Our 2013 value creation ratio was aided by favorable trends in security markets, but I’m more pleased with the 10% year-over-year improvement in the largest component operating income which contributed 8.5 points. Our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, will now discuss the value creation ratio further along with other financial terms.
Mike Sewell: Great. Thank you, Steve. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. As Steve noted, our performance for 2013 was strong. The 16.1% value creation ratio exceeded the 10% to 13% annual average we are targeting for 2013 through 2017. 2013 provided another example of the benefit of our equity investing strategy and in addition to a strong contribution to book value from appreciation and our stock portfolio evaluation rising dividend income offset lower interest income that was pressured by the low interest rate environment. Our stock portfolio’s pretax net unrealized gains reaching nearly $1.9 billion at year end, up 85% for the year and 23% for the quarter. Dividend income grew 6% for the year and 3% for the fourth quarter. Our bottom portfolio’s pretax unrealized gains were at $481 million at year end, down $390 million for the year and $55 million for the quarter. Yields for our bond portfolio continue to move lower but at a slower pace as its fourth quarter 2013 pretax yield of 4.84% was 17 basis points lower than the year ago. For the third quarter of 2013, that decline was 19 basis points. Taxable bonds representing about 70% of our bond portfolio had a fourth quarter and 2013 pretax yield of approximately 5.33%. The average yield for new taxable bonds purchased during the quarter was approximately 4.61%. For the same period, our tax exempt bond portfolio yield was approximately 3.9% and purchases during the quarter yielded approximately 3.2%. Our bond portfolio’s effective duration measured 4.6 years at year end 2013, up from 4.2 years, one year ago. Cash flow from operating activities continues to benefit investment income. At $787 million for the full year 2013, net bring [ph] cash flow exceeded the same period a year ago by $149 million or 23%, despite paying an additional $184 million in income taxes. I’d like to spend a moment on loss reserves. Following a consistent approach, we’ve experienced 25 consecutive years of overall favorable reserve development. We seek to remain into the upper half of the actual [ph] estimated range of net loss and loss expense reserves. For full year 2013, favorable development on prior accident years of 4.10 percentage points was about one-third of the 2012 ratio. And the fourth quarter ratio for 2013 was also much lighter than 2012. The outlier periods are actually the 2012 periods. As we mentioned during our first quarter conference call, in 2012 we observed a turning point in the terms of underwriting performance, in reductions in our IBNR reserves where outsize compared to a typical year. In fact, we added net IBNR reserves in each of the past five years with the exception of 2012. As I said on this call, for the third quarter, we believe we are exercising prudence by maintaining IBNR reserves at a higher level. To help put this into perspective, let’s review our level reserve development over the past two decades. Favorable reserved development for the five years, 2008 through 2012 averaged nearly 10 points. However, the 10-year average for 1997 through 2006 was five points, fairly close to our 2013 results. If you annualize the aggregate favorable reserve development for the full year 2013 compared to 2012, you’ll find that 43% of the decrease is attributable to commercial casualty and 24% to workers compensation. Our 2013 favorable development occurred for several accident years including 69% for accident year 2012, 28% for accident year 2011 and 3% for all older accident years. Expense management produced another good result. Our property casualty underwriting expense ratio for 2013 improved 0.3 percentage points, even with strategic investments to growth premiums and improved profitability. Next, let’s turn to financial strength and liquidity, we both remained in excellent condition. We repurchased approximately 1 million shares during the fourth quarter at an average cost of $52.13. This repurchase activity was a maintenance price action [ph] intended to partially offset the issuance of shares to equity compensation plan. Last week, the Board of Directors increased the shareholder dividend by 4.8%. This sets the stage for increasing our dividend for the 54th consecutive year. Cash remarkable securities at the parent company stood at $1.5 billion at year-end, one-third higher than the year earlier. Our property casualty premium to surplus ratio remained at 0.9 to 1 providing ample capital and capacity to support continued premium growth in our insurance segments. I’ll conclude my prepared comments by summarizing the contributions during the fourth quarter to book value per share. Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.24. Life insurance operations added $0.06. Investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.36. Valuation changes related to our pension plan contributed $0.30. The change in unrealized gains at December 31 for the fixed income portfolio, net of realized gains and losses, lowered book value per share by $0.21. The change in unrealized gains at December 31 for the equity portfolio, net of realized gains and losses increased book value by $1.37 and we declared $0.42 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value increase of $1.70 during the fourth quarter to $37.21 per share. And with that I’ll turn the call back over to you Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thanks, Mike. Some of you may have noticed through recent news releases about new people joining our Cincinnati family. In November, our Board welcomed David Osborn, a new independent director whose investment firm focuses like us on dividend growth strategies. And just last week, we welcomed Will Van Den Heuvel to the Cincinnati team as our new Senior Vice President responsible for personal lines. Will brings an excellent track record of leadership experience in the personalized marketplace and improving commitment to the success of independent insurance agencies. We see both of those additions as investments who will bring shareholders a good return overtime. Just as important, in 2013 we reduced our underwriting expense ratio while investing in talented associates with total staff growing 2.6% or just over 100 in that positions. We know that our field force is the strong differentiator from competitors. On a percentage basis, field positions increased at a slightly higher rate than headquarters positions. Our agency customers appreciate the loss control and claims expertise we are placing in their communities. At headquarters, we continue to invest in positions to support our pricing and data analytics improvements. We think we’ve just scratched the surface of the benefit we’ll see from our 2013 improvements and we have the people, products and processes in place to keep it executing on our plans in 2014. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you throughout this year. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Jack Schiff Jr., Ken Stecher, J.F. Scherer, Eric Matthews, Marty Mullen and Marty Hollenback. Denise, we’re ready for you to open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Okay, your first question comes from Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Mike Zaremski – Credit Suisse: Hi, thanks for taking my questions.
Steve Johnston: Good morning Mike.
Mike Zaremski – Credit Suisse: Good morning. First question, so you guys specifically mentioned in the press release too about ramping up inspections next year and you guys are investing in people and technology clearly. Should we expect then some impact the expense ratio as those kind of work through and I guess obviously, hopefully they help the loss ratio, what were you thinking about expenses with – given those initiatives?
Mike Sewell: Yes. Thanks Mike, this is Mike Sewell. As it’s related to that, my goal is still to work the expense ratio down closer to a 30 expense ratio. But with one of the investments that we’ve been making has contributing in a lot to the loss expense ratio if you’ve seen that going down. We have been increasing some of our headcount in strategic areas for growing premiums, also the loss control. But what we’re also doing is we’re making sure that that increase in investment is lower than the increase in premiums that we’re bringing on. So we were able to reduce the expense ratio by 0.3 points this year but in total we’re still spending more money and investing it where we believe we need to. And the results you’re seeing on the loss expense side.
J.F. Scherer: Mike, this is J.F. Scherer. One thing I might add for example in personal lines, in the inspections, what those inspections are revealing has paid for about 60% of the cost of the inspections themselves. In other words, we find things that where we immediately increased the premium, things like stoves that people have in houses that we have searched our agents for in bright of other things [ph]. So as Mike said, the real focus is to improve the loss ratio of all these initiatives but we are finding an opportunity actually to increase premium by what we discover.
Mike Zaremski – Credit Suisse: Okay, that’s helpful. Next, on reserves. So I appreciate all the great color you guys gave on the call and you guys give in the release. And if I’m thinking – if we’re thinking more high level, I mean, is – are you seeing loss cost inflation pick-up versus prior – couple years trends given maybe the pick-up in the economy or you guys moving into other territories and what not?
Steve Johnston:
.:
Mike Zaremski – Credit Suisse: And would you say workers’ comp is below historical trend still?
Steve Johnston: Yes, that’s a fear assessment.
Mike Zaremski – Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ian Gutterman with Balyasny Asset Management. You’re line is open.
Ian Gutterman – Balyasny Asset Management: Hi. Good morning guys. Thank you. I guess first, any more color you can give on the January cat events? Just – isn’t – a couple other people have said similar things, I was trying to get a little bit better understanding why pipe storms are causing what seems like – almost like Q2 cat loads rather than Q1 cat loads?
Marty Mullen: Hi, Ian. This is Marty Mullen. The January – the second cat load [ph] of January was the main event for us from January 5 to the 8, different type of storm, the claims are split up about 50-50 commercial and personal line. But for us the spreads in losses [ph] and losses were about 70% commercial. So it’s three – for us it’s about three or four state event but as you know the cat involved 17-stage. And I think that’s why you’re seeing the type of disclosure you’re seeing because of such a widespread event and it’s four days. But for us about 95% of the losses are already late into freezing [ph]. And Ohio is our biggest state with 35% of the claim count.
Ian Gutterman – Balyasny Asset Management: Very helpful, thank you. The other area of claim that I think was mentioned in the release was auto claims inflation. Can you just – again, you’re not the only company that mentioned that this quarter. But are you seeing a tick up in BI trends? And any additional color you can give on that?
Steve Johnston: This is Steve again. And I think in that particular line there would be a little bit of an uptake. I think severity in particular. But I don’t think it’s anything that’s unreasonable or within our ability or outside of our ability to address with rate pricing precision, segmentation, and continuing to work our initiatives in terms of keeping those loss cost under control from the loss control side.
Ian Gutterman – Balyasny Asset Management: Okay. So that didn’t have any impact on the new business there that you pulled back your appetite when you saw that loss trend or anything like that?
Steve Johnston: No. I think our appetites remained consistent, long-term focused and we feel – we feel very good about the business.
Ian Gutterman – Balyasny Asset Management: Okay. And was that increase in trend kind of across the country or across types of drivers or was it concentrated in any area?
Steve Johnston: We didn’t see it concentrated in any particular area. No.
Ian Gutterman – Balyasny Asset Management: Okay, great. Repurchase, you bought back some stock for the first time in a while, I was just curious if that’s something we should expect to continue or if this was maybe a one-time thing for option dilution or something like that?
Mike Sewell: Hi, Ian. It’s Mike here. We do it from time to time. The last time we did buyback a little over 1 million shares in 2011 with the stock price being up, folks exercise its stock [ph] options. We really thought it was prudent to do a maintenance type of activity on that to at least keep the share relatively flat. So we did the win and do the 1 million shares to average cost that you heard earlier. So I think if we look out into the future I think we’re going to be watching share count. And with the growth, we’ll do maintenance when we need to do the maintenance. But at the same time we’re using our capital. As I mentioned that the Board increased the dividend 4.8%. So setting that up for the 54th consecutive year, there’s various ways we use our capital and including investing in the business to growth premiums and reduce the losses. There’s a combination of areas that we use our capital and that was one to – really I view it as a maintenance type matter.
Ian Gutterman – Balyasny Asset Management: Great. And then just maybe lastly, any thoughts on the equity portfolio? Obviously the market was great last year. It’s pulling out this year. Have there been any sort of thoughts of reallocating either among sectors or just overall exposure, something to get more defensive or is it pretty much steady as she goes?
Steve Johnston: Any authority [ph], how was it? Not really. We’re – again, we’re long-term investors. The income off of [ph] the portfolio, the tax preferred status of the dividend is well account just as much really as price fluctuations. We’re pretty contempt with where we’re at below 30s as the percentage of the overall portfolio. We look at a number of different ways. So we’re not going to undergo any significant reallocation of invested asset at this point.
Ian Gutterman – Balyasny Asset Management: Great. Okay, I think that answers it actually. Thank you so much.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Ian.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent DeAugustino from KBW. Your line is open.
Vincent DeAugustino – Keefe Bruyette & Woods Inc.: Hi, and good morning everyone.
Steve Johnston: Good morning. How are you, Vincent?
Vincent DeAugustino – Keefe Bruyette & Woods Inc.: Doing well. Steve, you’ve mentioned your bringing Will on, and I’m just kind of curious given his experience at Chubb and AIG before, kind of in conjunction with something if I’m recalling correctly, you discussed with some agents earlier in 2013. That was about Cincinnati’s homeowner business, being kind of maybe positioned as a Chubb-like product. And I was just wondering if you might be able to provide an update kind of on that initiative. And then wonder – if, say, Will’s addition has anything to do with that strategy?
J.F. Scherer: This is – this is J.F. Just by way of comment, as a company, about 20% of what we currently write would be in the, I guess you might call it the more affluent personal lines area. But clearly bringing Will on in addition to his background, this is a great personal lines executive across the Board. What we all want to do is to fortify what we’re doing, expand what we’re doing in a more affluent marketplace. We’re not talking about going in to the ultra-affluent. I guess the way I would describe it would be more as it is describing the industry as a massive loss which by definition I guess we’d say coverage A homeowner limits of about $500,000 or $1 million up to the $4 million, $5 million, $6 million or $7 million range. Clearly, Will’s experience throughout his career allows him to bring a tremendous amount of expertise in that area. Our agencies write a lot of that business. And so we think that just by fine-tuning the product, adding more expertise at the underwriting level, more expertise and our ability to write schedules, loads, jewelry that types of things that go with the affluent marketplace, it’s going to open the door I think to a lot of opportunities for us.
Vincent DeAugustino – Keefe Bruyette & Woods Inc.: Okay. That color is pretty helpful. And just one other question, and, J.F., I guess, it’s probably best for you, I’m just curious if you’ve noticed any demand for the three-year policies declining recently?
J.F. Scherer: What we’re seeing and as Steve mentioned we’re seeing a steady renewal increases in our commercial line’s book of business in the fourth quarter. And we’re getting larger increases on the classes of business with the policies that are at least adequately priced. Anecdotally, what I would tell you is that we’re driving higher rate obviously on the more quarterly [ph] priced accounts that we have. And we have seen less of a take-up on the three-year policy because we’re very aggressive about what we would want on those policies. It works to renew them on a three-year basis, which we view as a good thing. In other words if the policy holder stays with this obviously as an account we want to keep, we did a good one-year increase, we’re going to get another of that less adequately priced policy next year and the year after. The good thing is that on the most adequately priced policies, the uptake for the three-year policy remains excellent. It continues to be and where it’s being reinforced all three days this week when we write our sales meetings, buyer agencies and it’s a tremendous advantage for us.
Vincent DeAugustino – Keefe Bruyette & Woods Inc.: Good. Good. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Dwelle with RBC Capital Market. Your line is open.
Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yes, good morning, a couple of questions. Mike, I think you write off the percentage of the product period development that related to some of the different accident years. Was that for the quarter or for the full-year to date?
Mike Sewell: That was for the – that was for the full-year.
Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. I guess in hearing those figures, it strikes me as that sort of short-tail loaded which is to say the – is that because the older accident years there’s a mix of adverse as well as favorable, it’s bringing that older accident year percentage down so low, I might think of kind of three to four-year tail on a lot of your business.
Mike Sewell: Yes. No, that’s fair to say. There was a little less in those older accident years. And we did notice that in workers’ comp going back a few years, there was some payments that we made in the current year and we just thought it was prudent to be very careful with those years. We added a little bit to those order accident years. And so that’s what resulted in the lower percentile for the order accident years that I quoted.
Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Then I – somebody commented, I can’t remember who, about the new business being lower in the fourth quarter as compared to other quarters in the year. Why would that be the case? I mean I guess the anecdotal thought is always that sales people are hungry to get their quotas in the fourth quarter to drive more new business rather than last. Have you guys just all hit your targets earlier in the year, I don’t know?
Steve Johnston: Yes. I think – this is Steve, Mark. And I think we had some variability but I do think that there’s more economic activity going on generally in the second and third quarter in our operating territories were constructions going on, the weather is warmer, and more times than not, the fourth quarter is not the largest quarter for new business. 2012 was an outlier, it was just a great quarter but that’s normally not the case. And I think it’s probably driven by the economic activity in our areas.
Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And I just wanted to clarify when you – the splits that you gave on the early winter storm activity, that was 70% commercial, 30% personal, that was – that’s what you’re seeing so far?
Marty Mullen: In law – in law [ph], that’s correct.
Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. That’s all my questions. Thank you.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Mark.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your next question comes from Paul Newsome with Sandler O’Neill. Your line is open.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O’Neill: Good morning.
Steve Johnston: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O’Neill: Hey, I just wanted to ask about any reactions you’ve seeing or have to the travelers’ core in [ph] product and just generally the idea that personal lines, auto in particular but maybe even home are going to increasingly go towards lower commission sort of better customer cost.
J.F. Scherer: Paul, this is J. F. Of course we’re out with the agents this week they haven’t come up. We’re not getting any feedback at all on it.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O’Neill: So steady as she goes, I guess. That all just – that’s all I want to ask. Thanks guys.
J.F. Scherer: Yes. At least as far as our strategy, our agents, what we are talking to them about in personal lines, we’re just not getting much feedback. We’ve been encouraged by the response we’ve gotten in personal lines over the last year. I guess by way of a little commentary and Steve mentioned in his remarks that new business in personal lines tailed off a bit for us towards the end of the year. And we have a real tough comparison in the first quarter. But that’s almost by this final [ph] assessment we’ve got two rate increases on homeowners that are earning its way through the book plus we strengthen our underwriting stance on agent for us [ph], deductible things of that nature. So I think our agency is once again, relative to how they approach personal lines with us, they do use comparative writers. They’re not enamored by the commoditization of personal lines. However they do rights in business that would be in that category. I mean, it’s clear from the reaction to Will tend to both the [ph] sales meetings that they’re very introduced about the fact that we’re going to fortify our activity in the higher valued homeowner – higher valued client arena where there is more profitability from an underwriting standpoint and more profitability at the agency level to write that kind of business. And it’s the marquee accounts. It’s the significant policy holders in the community. So I guess maybe we’d be a bad carrier to canvass for opinions on other company’s approaches from that standpoint. But I can say that the reaction to what we’re doing has been pretty good.
Mike Sewell: And I’d had Paul, that our strategy, you know as well as an agency strategy and what we’re doing now in personal lines with some of these higher valued homes is very consistent with what we’ve done over time in trying to provide every type of product that our agencies need to be successful. If you look back to access a surplus lines, it would have been an example, target markets and other example. And now what we’re doing in personal lines is very consistent with our agent aware in [ph] strategy.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O’Neill: That’s great. Thanks guys. I appreciate it.
Mike Sewell: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Okay. There are no further questions [indiscernible], I’m going to turn the call back over to Steve Johnston.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Denise. And thanks everybody for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in Cincinnati Financial Corporation. And look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter call.
Operator: Okay. That concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dennis McDaniel - Investor Relations Officer Steve Johnston - President and CEO Mike Sewell - Chief Financial Officer Jack Schiff, Jr. - Executive Committee Chairman Ken Stecher - Chairman J.F. Scherer - Chief Insurance Officer Eric Matthews - Principal Accounting Officer Marty Hollenbeck - Chief Investment Officer Marty Mullen - Chief Claims Officer
Analysts: Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse Vincent D'Agostino - KBW Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Ian Gutterman - BAM Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners
Operator: Good morning. My name is Chris, and I’ll be your conference operator today. At this time, I’d like to welcome everyone to the Third Quarter 2013 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. You may begin your conference.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel of Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Late yesterday we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents please visit our Investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call you'll first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer; and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time some responses may be given by others in the room with us, including Executive Committee Chairman, Jack Schiff, Jr.; Chairman of the Board, Ken Stecher; Chief Insurance Officer, J.F. Scherer; Principal Accounting Officer, Eric Matthews; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Chief Claims Officer, Marty Mullen. First please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Dennis, and good morning. And thank you for joining us today to learn more about our third quarter results. We are pleased to report our best third quarter operating results ever, adding to a solid first half 2013 performance. We believe the improvement is largely attributable to ongoing initiatives that aim to improve insurance profitability and drive premium growth, helping to create shareholder value overtime. With our third quarter combined ratio of 93.7% and our year-to-date combined ratio of 93.8%, we continue to operate in the sub 95% range that we are aiming for. While catastrophe losses remained lower than in 2012 and helped our results. Our combined ratio before catastrophe losses was under 89% for both the third quarter and year-to-date periods of 2013. The ratio of our catastrophe losses for the first nine months of 2013 at 5.1% is a 4 percentage point under our full year historical average of 6.1% for the past 10 years. Our premium growth was as we expected for the first three quarters of the year. Each of our property casualty segments grew at double-digit pace, as they benefited from greater pricing precision and higher overall pricing. We continue to believe that our overall pricing trends are ahead of our loss cost trends and probably more importantly, we believe we are making progress on getting more rate on lower margin policies and retaining higher margin policies. This action results in shifting our mix of business in the favorable direction. On an average renewal price increase basis, commercial policies that renewed during the third quarter had estimated average price increases in the mid-single digit range. That’s consistent with recent quarters, with the exception of commercial casualty, our most profitable major line of businesses. Increases on average per commercial casualty trending slightly lower as expected due to the level of price adequacy indicated by these lines 45% nine-month loss and loss expense ratio. Increases for our smaller commercial property policies averaged in the high single-digit range. Personalized policies that renewed in the third quarter also averaged in a price increase in the mid single-digit range, with homeowners policies continuing in the high single digits. Our excess and surplus line segment also experienced renewal prices increases in the high single-digit range. As in recent quarters, we believe that our new business written premium growth is reflection of both higher pricing we are able to get in the marketplace and the cumulative effect of growth initiatives. Our pricing analytics and modeling tools continue to give us confidence in the level of our new business pricing. Again this quarter there was nice balance between growth from newer agencies and growth from those who have represented us for several years. In our life insurance segment earned premium for term life insurance, the largest product in that segment also grew in a double-digit rate during the third quarter. So, all of our insurance segments, we’re careful to grow premiums only when we believe profitability is adequate. Another area of growth was third quarter investment income, up slightly and increasing for the first time this year. Finally, our primary measure of financial performance, the value creation ratio was another positive aspect for the quarter. Our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell will now discuss that further along with other financial items.
Mike Sewell: Great. Thank you, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. As Steve said, results so far this year have been quite satisfying. Importantly, our 9.8% year-to-date value creation ratio remains on track to reach our annual target range. In addition, the third quarter again demonstrated the benefit of our equity investing strategy to improve the rising interest rates or when investment income is pressured by the low interest rate environment. The stock portfolio continued to grow with third quarter pre-tax net unrealized gains up $90 million to over $1.5 million. Dividend income grew 7% for the third quarter and first nine months of 2013. Dividend income growth in the upcoming fourth quarter will be a challenge. Our levels of dividend income for the third quarter was approximately $4 million, or 12% below the fourth quarter of 2012. Last year, we received about $5 million of special or accelerated dividend in the fourth quarter in response to anticipated tax law changes. During the third quarter of 2013, the bond portfolios pretax unrealized gains declined $28 million, following a $282 million decrease during the second quarter. Yields for our bond portfolio continue to move lower but at a slower pace as its third quarter 2013 pretax yield of 4.91% was 19 basis points lower than a year ago. At the second quarter of this year that decline was 23 basis points. Taxable bonds representing about 70% of our bond portfolio at a third quarter end 2013 pretax yield of approximately 5.41%. The average yield for new taxable bond purchased during the quarter was approximately 4.9%. For the same period, our tax-exempt bond portfolio yield was approximately 3.94% and purchases during the quarter yielded approximately 3.32%. Cash flow from operating activities continues to benefit investment income. At $538 million for the first three quarters of 2013, net operating cash flow exceeded the same period a year ago by $105 million despite paying an additional $161 million so far this year in income taxes. Moving to loss reserves. We continue to emphasize a consistent approach. We seek to remain well into the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of net loss and loss expense reserves. For the first nine months of 2013 on a non-catastrophe loss basis, favorable development at 4.2 percentage points was 5.8 points less than a year ago. About one quarter of that decrease is attributable to workers’ compensation as reserves were added during the third quarter for older pre-2009 accident years. That addition reflects recent paid lost data indicating it is taking longer to pay off order claims. Because some open workers’ compensation claims extend beyond 30 years, a small assumption change for the average life of a claim can add up to be a considerable reserve amount recognized in a given quarter. About another 40% of the favorable development decrease is attributable to commercial casualty. That line benefited more in 2012 from umbrella reserve releases and that was also experienced more favorable loss trends in 2012 than in 2013 for general liability coverages. There was a relatively small amount of adverse development during 2013 on general liability loss reserves on a per case or specific claim basis, particularly for accident years 2002 through 2005. So we are exercising prudence by maintaining IBNR reserves at a higher level as of September 30th. Prudently managing expenses is another area with ongoing effort. Our Property Casualty underwriting expense ratio for the first nine months of 2013 is just below the 2012 level in spite of a 0.5 percentage point increase for commissions to agents. We continue to maintain excellent financial strength and liquidity. Cash and marketable securities at the parent company reached more than $1.5 billion at September 30, one third higher than the end of last year. Property Casualty premiums to surplus ratio remained at 0.9 to 1 reflecting strong capital in capacity to support continued premium growth in our insurance segments. I’ll conclude my prepared comments by summarizing the contributions during the third quarter to book value per share. Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.24. Life insurancse operations added $0.06. Investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.47. The change in unrealized gains at September 30th for the fixed income portfolio, net of realized gains and losses lowered book value per share by $0.09. The change in unrealized gains at September 30th for the equity portfolio, net of realized gains and losses increased book value by $0.42 and we declare $0.42 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value increase of $0.68 during the third quarter to $35.51 per share. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thanks, Mike. Our performance in recent quarters continues to be a source of encouragement along with various ways the company has been recognized. Most recently, Cincinnati Insurance was awarded the 2013 Pinnacle Award from Applied Systems. We're the first carrier to receive a Pinnacle Award, which recognizes innovation in technology deployment, the power of partnership and the ability to deliver proven intangible business results to our organization and the insurance industry. As always, we see continuous improvement in all aspects of performance, whether it be providing outstanding service to agents and policyholders or adding value for shareholders, diligence and excellence and work by our independent agents and our associates continued to be reflected in our operating results and I salute them. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you throughout this year. As a reminder with Mike and me today are Jack Schiff Junior, Ken Stecher, J.F. Scherer, Eric Matthews, Marty Mullen and Marty Hollenback. Chris, we’re ready for you to open the call for questions?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Hi. Good morning, gentlemen.
Steve Johnston: Good morning, Mike.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: I guess first question, the expense ratio showed a good amount of improvement. I know you guys have just talked about the expense ratio being an area of focus. I believe 3Q of last year there were some -- kind of it was pushed a little bit as well, so I am not looking year-over-year. But anything unusual in the expense ratio or we just think about this as continued gradual improvement towards your goal of closer to 30?
Mike Sewell: Yeah. That’s a great question. This is Mike. It is overall -- we’ve got -- we still have our general cost controls in place and how we manage our expenses. This year, we probably did see just a little bit of a downtick in some assigned risk pools that we expensed. But when you really offset that with the growth in premiums that are growing quicker than as were growing expenses and controlling the expenses, you are really seeing the decline in the -- I’ll call the non-commission expense, part of the expense ratio. When you look at the commission side that side is up a little bit but it’s primarily, because we are more profitable and we are adding more expenses to our profit sharing that we pay up to our agencies.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Got it. So, then as you guys work towards the goal of I think $5 billion or so of premiums, is that kind of the operating leverage the driver of bringing that expense ratio gradually down towards closer to 30?
Mike Sewell: That plays a significant role in that. We still need to keep investing in various areas in our business, whether it's IT, predictive modeling, et cetera et cetera. We will continue those efforts but we will do them at a managed pace with the growth on the premium side.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Got it. And lastly on investment income, so I think you broke out that some of the equities dividend gains won't recur next quarter. The portfolio yield looks like it has held up the last few quarters. Can you remind us -- should we expect pressure on the fixed income yield and maybe what is the new money versus existing portfolio yield? Thank you.
Marty Hollenbeck: Sure. This is Marty Hollenbeck. We think we’ve seen probably the worst of the pressure on the fixed income portfolio. As was mentioned, book yield for purchases in the quarter in total was $454 million versus $494 million and we broke that out taxable versus tax-exempt. We will have a very tough comp in the fourth quarter, again as was mentioned on the special one-time dividends were paid in the fourth quarter last year pulled from the first quarter this year. We will look at much better comps once we get into 2014%. So we are starting to see a little bit improvement obviously with the rising interest rates in the kind of May, June timeframe and the rate at which we are losing to calls has slowed somewhat so.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Okay. And are you guys at your threshold for the amount of equities the composition of the entire investment portfolio? Thank you.
Marty Hollenbeck: Sure. We’re just under 30%, the way we look at that is less as a percent to the total portfolio as we look at it from the ground up by entity subsidiary and we taken a consideration regulatory and rating agency concerns, as well as tax considerations. Right now we could probably support up to or on the mid 30% level, so we had a little bit of room left.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent D'Agostino from KBW. Your line is open.
Vincent D'Agostino - KBW: Great. And thanks, and good morning, everybody.
Steve Johnston: Good morning.
Vincent D'Agostino - KBW: One of the things that we've been hearing about is that there was some localized Midwest hailstorms that had caused some loss ratio pressure for some of your peers and that secondly that these weren't really large enough to be considered cat events and so I'm just curious if we are seeing any of that in your personal auto loss results?
Marty Mullen: Hi, Vincent. This is Marty Mullen. Not particular really do the third quarter at all. We have eight cats in the quarter, six that we’re tracking, only two of any significance and that was a hailstorm in Kansas in mid-July and then early September hailstorm Minneapolis, but both of those are, I would say fairly moderate and not impacting personal auto any more than homeowners.
Vincent D'Agostino - KBW: Okay. Perfect. And on your workers comp IBNR comment. I'm just curious if maybe what you are seeing if there's any lingering impacts from the recession here as far as a late claim reporting kind of cycle?
Steve Johnston: This is Steve. Good question. I don’t think it so much that, I think back in 2009, we recognize we had a problem and we increase the worker comp reserves pretty substantially and that proved to be a wake up call for all this. We realize we need to improve really every aspect of our workers compensation area. And every area in the company, from underwriting, claims, pricing, loss control, everybody, lost into a series of initiatives that have resulted in considerable improvement. Improvement that we are recognizing in our accident year results and I think we were ahead of the industry in that action. So as I saw, what everybody seen here with some adverse development. I went back to our 2012 annual statement schedule P and from 2000 -- December 31, 2009 through December 31, 2012, we actually recognized about $86 million unfavorable loss in DCC reserve development on accident years 2009 and prior. And approximately 99% of these claims are -- that were originally reported for accident years 2009 and prior are now closed. So, the roughly 9 million adverse development. We see for workers comp this quarter is largely attributable to accident years 2009 and prior. So, what we are see is appropriate caution in reserving of the 1% of claims, the tougher claims that are still open. I guess in the perfect world with the benefit of hindsight we will release reserves on those years in more straight-line passion but reserves are uncertain and we make our best estimate each quarter. So even with the small step back that we had in workers comp and reserve in this quarter, we’re confident in our consistent process. It’s result in 23 years of consecutive favorable reserve development. So, I think, more than something that has to do with the recession, I think it just being prudently cautious with some of the really old claims and how we handle them this quarter.
Vincent D'Agostino - KBW: Okay. That color is really helpful. One of the things that we heard more recently from some participants at our conference is some things about the litigation environment. And one of those was that some more economically hard-hit jurisdictions have been yielding higher awards. I'm just curious if you've seen any of that in your own book or if that was maybe something we shouldn't extrapolate it?
Marty Hollenbeck: Hi Vincent. This is Marty again. That’s actually an area that we track very closely concerning the areas that we are in and some of the counties that. Certainly our target is being the more volatile counties as it relates to jury verdicts and we are very prudent about watching our files as the Progressive litigation environment knows particular counties. So I don’t think we have seen any change in that. We continue to monitor pretty closely. But I wouldn’t say overall there has been any change in our book in those counties.
Vincent D'Agostino - KBW: Okay. Perfect. And J.F., one of the things that we've heard is that some competitors are making investments in small commercial agent portals with what seems to be like a concurrent increase in the appetite for small BOP accounts. And I'm just curious if you are saying any more competition for small commercial accounts in light of the relative strength in pricing versus the larger and midsized accounts?
J.F. Scherer: Vincent, I know, now I can say that we’ve seen any change in that. Explain to me again when you are talking about investments, you are talking about -- in their companies for Asian portals.
Vincent D'Agostino - KBW: Sure. So most of it has been, I mean, Hartford has probably been the biggest proponent of that but there's been a number of other competitors that have made comments about agent facing technology and also looking to get I think more aggressive on BOP accounts just as a way to take advantage of the pricing strength and then also to get, I guess, more mind share as far as just having more looks throughout any given period and that helping them to get to increased traction on even the larger accounts just from that greater visibility?
J.F. Scherer: I expect we’ve seen that going on for last three or four years. To say that it’s heated up or any different but they were getting feedback from our agents or whether it’s impacting our ability to compete in that area. I have seen a lot of change or difference right now but it’s clearly a pretty hot area in the market place.
Vincent D'Agostino - KBW: Okay. That’s good to hear. And then if I could sneak one more in. Mike, you have commented before quite recently on the FASB's insurance contract's draft. And the comments are due today and just since you are a little bit closer to it than many of us. I'm curious if you have any insight into how -- or how likely these proposals are to get implemented?
Mike Sewell: It’s a great question. Thank you for it. I m not going to guess on what’s the ultimate outcome. I m not -- I’ll say -- I m playing that. That arena we -- we stay on top of exposure drafts that do come out. We will have a comment letter that is, I believe, in process of being posted. I think there is about 31 letters that are currently out there. But we do support the FASB and their efforts and what they are trying to do. And so the current exposure draft, however, we believe is really not an improvement under the current U.S GAAP. We think what is out there right now is really time tested. It’s highly effective. It’s preferred by the investors. And we think investors really do understand the current accounting process. What is being proposed would really fundamentally change the way that we -- we record things. And I think it will be very difficult for investors to understand. It’s -- as you know, recording premiums, recording losses, actuarial and so forth. It’s a very complex industry that we work in. And I think the exposure draft really adds complexity on top of our complexity. We’ll have to look at all of our systems, potentially re-mapping, maybe getting new systems like where the initial data comes in, we’ll change. And what we really don’t change is our managers. We’ll be managing with different numbers. And so this potentially will fundamentally change the way that we operate our business versus just doing a change in accounting in the way that we that report. So we encourage you to read the comments that will be out there. I think they are due by the end of the day today. I got to mention there is 31 that’s out there. We will have one. There’s also one that we participate in with the U.S. property casualty coalitions. So we’ll have to see but I’m not going to make any predictions. But at the end of the day, we do support the FASB and their efforts.
Vincent D'Agostino - KBW: It looks like your guy's comment letter just hit. So I look forward to reading it and thanks for all the answers, guys. Talk to you soon.
Mike Sewell: Thank you for your letter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Heleniak from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Hi. Good morning. Just a couple questions. The first is you guys have made a pretty big push to hire the loss control specialists over the past few years. Just wondering how far along you are in that process and what kind of benefit you are getting? I would assume it's -- consider ongoing but if you can give a little detail on that?
J.F. Scherer: Yes. This is J.F. We’ve added 60% field -- to the field since 2009 in the loss control area. We’ll be closing in on total of 100 field reps in that area. To that, we’ve also added some specialist in property, casually, auto, professional liability, construction. So as far as the results, I’d say part of the reason why are growth has been -- well we expected it but healthy is that the ability of the lost control reps to gain confidence for us to go into slightly larger more complex accounts. We’re in the midst now of a very extensive inspection protocol implementation and the inspection protocol little literally over this next several. Hundreds of thousands of inspection on the push line side and quite a few on the commercial line side that the loss control reps will continue to lead the way on. One of the areas that we’ve seen the most lift from lost controls has been in workers’ comp. We’ve seen those results over the last couple of years. We’re now inspecting and interviewing every single account for us that has a $50,000 premium or more in workers’ comp. We send loss control out and go through probably half a day questionnaire with the policy holder then follow up with loss litigation activities there. So I don’t think we’ve seen all the lift we’re going to get. In fact, I know we haven’t seen the lift. We’re going to get on the property side from the loss control stand point. We’re really just now getting into the meat of what they’re doing there.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Using it kind of consistently even for their renewed accounts to consistently kind of follow up in addition to obviously what you described that you got a new business in some of the more larger complex accounts as well?
J.F. Scherer: Yes, for example, on the property side, we’ve profiled every single account that we have in the company and based on a protocol, it’s been established by our loss control department, we have determined how many of those locations need to be inspected with and with what frequency. So not only will we be out on new business or we might be out inspecting properties more in depth than we would have in the past but we are saving them up on a rotation wherein some cases depending on the complexity of the account, it might be four times a year, or it might be once every three years. But we are in the past, that type of thing was left to the judgment of the underwriter based on just the circumstances when the account came up for renewal. We have transferred that accountability to our loss control division based on their knowledge of complexity of accounts TIVs, total insured values, things of that nature. And these things will automatically happen now rather than it being random.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Right. Okay. That’s good explanation. Just a question too on the personal lines side, you guys talked about some of the new initiatives to improve margins and how that was impacting some of your new business. Did you see any impact at all in your renewal book? It didn't really look like it because premiums were up I think 10% or 12%. Just curious, how your renewal customers are responding to some of these actions?
J.F. Scherer: Well we are seeing a little bit of -- in other words, we’re inspecting as I mentioned, we will inspect 60,000 or 70,000 structures this year, a 100,000 next, most of which are going to be renewals. And we are seeing a decent percentage of those where we are non-renewing or canceling those policies based on what we’ve discovered. We are also seeing that those policies may in fact not have been rated correctly. In other words, there are surcharges for things such as wood stoves, protection classes where a house might be located. There might have been an error when the policy was first written. So we are actually charging more in many cases for the policy just to get the right rate. So -- but having said that our retention remains good. It’s still in the low 90s for personal lines which is a pretty strong retention rate. We’ll continue all of this inspection protocol. I think you’ve heard us talk about the rate increases that we’ve initiated over the last several years. Once again, since 2009, we’ve increased rates countrywide cumulatively just under 50% homeowners. So on the one side as far as pricing is concerned that’s been a real positive but I am real confident that getting now, seeing these properties, reaffirming the condition of the properties, taking a look at the roofs, one of the big motivations for us is to verify the age of the roofs. In those cases where the roofs are older than 15 years, asphalt shingled roofs older than 15 years. We are going to an ACV endorsement in those cases. We are going towards higher deductibles, minimum $1,000 on new business for accounts less then $500,000 coverage A and $2,500 minimum deductible for accounts greater than that. So that’s had some effect. That’s depressed our new business but the new business is still at a decent level where I am not alarmed at all. I don’t think we are alarmed at all that the new business is down given the fact that we are getting a much better book of business right from the very beginning.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. That makes sense. And then my last question was just about -- I don't know if you had an early read on what your new agency appointments might be for 2014? Compared to this year, I think you are on track for 80, which looks like you might even beat that but I don't know if you had any early expectations on that?
J.F. Scherer: Yes. We’ll probably be around a 100 next year. And I suspect we will finish this year in the low 90s on it. And I would, in addition to the number of agencies, we have a point where we’re also monitoring the critical mass of the agency. In other words, what’s the total property and casualty premium that each agency currently controls. And we are about a $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion at this point of the year in terms of that amount of premium we have appointed this year. And next year I would suspect the target would be $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Yes. Thank you. Can we talk about -- where you stand on E&S right now? If you look at the standalone expense ratio there, is it still being run as a start up or is it at full throttle?
Mike Sewell: Yes. Josh, thanks. This is Mike. Some of those expenses are still some of the ramp up as we are growing that business and expanding and adding folks to that group. What you are also going to see, you probably noticed in there also that commissions are up a little bit also and that’s primarily due to the profit sharing. So the numbers are relatively small when you are putting expenses on the premiums compared to the commercial lines or the personal lines but that still is a -- that is still a growth mode there.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: What size volume needs to be there to reach critical mass?
Steve Johnston: Josh, this is Steve. I think -- I think we’re approaching that. I think as these expenses that we have had as a start-up entity have been running on. I think it will be close to finishing those and we should be in a position where we’re in a -- what you would consider an ongoing operation.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Okay. In that market, when I talk to some competitors who are dedicated to that market, they say the pricing isn't as strong as in -- is in the admitted marketplace. Do you find it's true? Do you find that's inhibiting your desire to grow as quickly in there as you might otherwise be able to?
J.F. Scherer: Josh, this is J.F. I guess, I’d answer that in two ways. We are continuing to see upper single digit renewal increases in the -- in the E&S company, very consistent and so we haven’t seen any light up in that. Now having said that and keeping in mind that our appetite is relatively conservative, we write a fair number of accounts that would probably fall into the category that could fall into the standard market and then back into the E&S market from time to time, and what we have seen is that on larger accounts that we have in the E&S market, they are finding their way back into the standard market. I don’t know exactly.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: With you?
J.F. Scherer: No. We have lost those accounts.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Okay.
J.F. Scherer: We would have preferred to keep them in the E&S market, the terms and pricing that we had already and then we lost then. And also if any standard market company will quote on that account, the agent can’t place it with us. In other words, they have to get three declinations from the standard market or to be eligible to be put in the E&S market. So that we are seeing that occur in terms of some larger accounts. Now put in the context and we have mentioned this before, our agency write close to -- now based on all the appointments we have last few years close to $3 billion in excess and surplus lines premiums. We are not in markets for all of it, some of it is a very challenging business. However, we are in market for a good bit of it. So I don’t think I would -- we don’t view our opportunity grow to be simply be consistent with the overall growth rate that you might see in the E&S industry. We are continuing to take advantage of the fact that the model we have. How we tie the premiums into our agencies overall, profitability with our company, the -- our claims approach, all of the things we think make attractive to do business with us continues to give us, I think and will continue to give us a lot of opportunity to write our agencies E&S accounts. Notwithstanding what’s going on in the larger accounts.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Well a thorough answer and thank you. Congratulations on a great quarter.
J.F. Scherer: Thanks, Josh.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman from BAM. Your line is open.
Ian: HI. Good morning. And I guess, Steve, my first question is, I was hoping you could give a little more color on your pricing comments on commercial lines. I guess I was a little surprised that casualty is starting to slip, just other carriers just talk more about casualty and comp hanging in there and property showing the most pressure due to the lack of losses. So I'm just curious why you are seeing something a little different?
Gutterman - BAM: HI. Good morning. And I guess, Steve, my first question is, I was hoping you could give a little more color on your pricing comments on commercial lines. I guess I was a little surprised that casualty is starting to slip, just other carriers just talk more about casualty and comp hanging in there and property showing the most pressure due to the lack of losses. So I'm just curious why you are seeing something a little different?
Steve Johnston: Yeah. Good question. I think the overwriting thing has been pretty consistent overall. As we look at by line though I would have to say that the property is where we are continuing to get more particularly on the small property and just a bit less on the casually, I think, just we want to point that out in terms of just being totally open and a fair disclosure to give you more color by line. But overall, I think the price has been pretty down consistent.
Ian: Okay. Great. Thanks. And let's see, my next one was on the reserves. I guess, on the comp -- can you explain sort of why this is limited to ‘09 and prior, I guess, is what I'm trying to get at. Is there a risk that this bleeds into ‘09 to ‘12 and is it as simple as the loss control initiatives will prevent that or could there be potential for this to leak?
Gutterman - BAM: Okay. Great. Thanks. And let's see, my next one was on the reserves. I guess, on the comp -- can you explain sort of why this is limited to ‘09 and prior, I guess, is what I'm trying to get at. Is there a risk that this bleeds into ‘09 to ‘12 and is it as simple as the loss control initiatives will prevent that or could there be potential for this to leak?
Steve Johnston: Yeah. That’s another good question. I don’t think so, I mean, there is always potential for anything, there is something uncertain as reserves, but we feel very confident and we tend to historically by accident year be more prudent, I would say, with the newer accident years and more recent accident years because there is more uncertainty given the limited age of development we have there. I do think and what we saw this time as when you get into some of the older accident years, it’s a well known reserving axiom that your simpler claims, settled more quickly and the tougher ones require more work on the older claims. And so I think this is limited to those older claims at this point.
Ian: Okay. And do the loss control specialists just work with recent years vintage or they have worked on older claims as well, pre-existing claims?
Gutterman - BAM: Okay. And do the loss control specialists just work with recent years vintage or they have worked on older claims as well, pre-existing claims?
Steve Johnston: I think it’s going to be more with the newer claims, in terms of…
Ian: Okay. Right.
Gutterman - BAM: Okay. Right.
Steve Johnston: … really preventing newer claims, yes.
Ian: Okay. Okay. And then there was also a little bit of adverse in specialty package, anything unusual there?
Gutterman - BAM: Okay. Okay. And then there was also a little bit of adverse in specialty package, anything unusual there?
Steve Johnston: I don’t think so, that’s a relatively small line and as we role out our CinciPak product, its going to become smaller yet, so I don’t think that there was anything there of note.
Ian: Got it. And then my last one is on auto and I guess before I ask the question to make sure I'm thinking about it right? Can you remind me how much of your auto book or personal lines book is sort of written through commercial agencies as sort of in combination to the business owner versus true personal lines in all agencies.
Gutterman - BAM: Got it. And then my last one is on auto and I guess before I ask the question to make sure I'm thinking about it right? Can you remind me how much of your auto book or personal lines book is sort of written through commercial agencies as sort of in combination to the business owner versus true personal lines in all agencies.
Steve Johnston: Most of our agents are appointed for both personal and commercial, we really have had good success on rounding all the accounts where we had a business owner. We are also able to write the personal lines account and life insurances so forth. But I think if you look in totality, you will find most of the personal lines is for non-business owners that would like business insurance for this is just that size.
J.F. Scherer: Yes. Ian, there is only be a handful of agencies in the country that are personal lines only agents for us.
Ian: Okay. That’s right thoughts. But this question may not be as appropriate but maybe a still as. I was just wondering if you are seeing increased competition in auto, I mean travelers I am sure you have seen as been very public about cutting rates, cutting commissions? Progressive has talked a lot about pressure from these rater vehicles. Are you seeing any of that or because of your profile not being so much personal lines only agents, are you not seeing that as much?
Gutterman - BAM: Okay. That’s right thoughts. But this question may not be as appropriate but maybe a still as. I was just wondering if you are seeing increased competition in auto, I mean travelers I am sure you have seen as been very public about cutting rates, cutting commissions? Progressive has talked a lot about pressure from these rater vehicles. Are you seeing any of that or because of your profile not being so much personal lines only agents, are you not seeing that as much?
Ken Stecher: Well, it’s hard to imagine, it would get tougher particularly with the advertising that the Geicos and the Progressives do. I can’t say that we have seen anything unique to travelers so far, the only thing we will write on occasion on monoline private passenger auto policy, but typically what we write our packages. So and in fact on homeowners, we’ve just almost gotten to the point where we’re not writing any monoline homeowners at all, we require the full package. And so the buying decision of the public would tend to be more of what’s the total package cost. There is a lot more agent involvement in it. And we’re trying to focus more on the more affluent buyer. Everyone has got a definition of that, but what we don’t want to do and of course everyone is talking about the comparative raters and what happens. When that auction begins, we’re in a lot of these comparative raters. We don’t like it but we are truly focusing more and trying to direct our marketing and our discussions towards the more value conscious buyer. The person who appreciates the agent appreciates the kind of claim service that we give and are willing to pay up for it.
Ian: Got it. And to the extent, J.F. said, Travelers is successful in being able to get some market share out of kind of commissions meaning the price gain is enough to offset that and that sticks and maybe say I'm going to make it up. Say Liberty sees that and says well Progressive and Travelers are cheaper, we'll cut commissions too and then some other people follow. If commissions are going down in the personal line space over time, would that be something you suspect you would follow? Or just given your business model, do you think you kind of stay where you are and market that as a differentiator that we take better care of our agents and people are just going to try to squeeze your commission?
Gutterman - BAM: Got it. And to the extent, J.F. said, Travelers is successful in being able to get some market share out of kind of commissions meaning the price gain is enough to offset that and that sticks and maybe say I'm going to make it up. Say Liberty sees that and says well Progressive and Travelers are cheaper, we'll cut commissions too and then some other people follow. If commissions are going down in the personal line space over time, would that be something you suspect you would follow? Or just given your business model, do you think you kind of stay where you are and market that as a differentiator that we take better care of our agents and people are just going to try to squeeze your commission?
J.F. Scherer: Well, we study and we recently studied the commission levels that our competitors pay between the base commission that we pay our agents, add to that the profit sharing component, we are at the top of the heap. And we intend on staying there.
Ian: Got it.
Gutterman - BAM: Got it.
J.F. Scherer: I don’t have -- as a company, we don’t have much interest in trying to win the commodity gain in personal lines. We are a more valued approach than that and so that will be the focus of our marketing.
Ian: Okay. That's what I thought. Just checking. Thank you.
Gutterman - BAM: Okay. That's what I thought. Just checking. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Paul Newsome. Your line is open.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners: Good morning.
Steve Johnston: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners: Just two questions and actually really just two. The first one, when we think about your book and you can even comment on the industry as a whole and the re-underwriting process that is coming through, as I understand it, you've described it as being mostly focused on the lower tiers and less in the higher tiers. Does that -- are we at the point where the math is going to mean that the overall average rate of price increases will decelerate because you've gotten to those lower quality tiers already?
Steve Johnston: That’s a good question. I don’t know that that’s necessarily the case. This is Steve. It is clearly, we are looking at each policy, its unique characteristics. We are taking the appropriate rate increase based on those characteristics, but I think it will be too simple to say that that’s going to result in more or less increase overall. It could go, I think in either direction when you focused on such granular pricings.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners: My second question is have you looked at the sensitivity between just your overall profitability and the commission rate given the contingent commission has some -- I assume there is some relationship between basically your combined ratio overall and your contingent commission? But have you ever looked at sort of big picture sensitivity on what that means? I assume that we should be sort of thinking along those lines but I've never really been able to figure out exactly what it means, even though there is a maximum band.
Steve Johnston: Yeah. Paul, I guess we’ve never tested it, if I understand your question, right. Could we pay -- are you saying could we pay less in profit - 
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners: Well, no, I just think your combined ratio -- as your combined ratio goes down, your contingent commission is going to go up. And I'm wondering what sort of sensitivity there is? If you've ever looked at how much that contingent commission could go up if you reached really an extraordinary level of underwriting profitability? No, I just think it your combined ratio as your combined ratio goes down your contingent commissions going to up, and I am wondering what sort of sensitivity there is, if you ever look at just how much that contingent commission could go up if you reach really and extraordinary level of underwriting profitability.
Steve Johnston: Yeah, this is Steve. We have actually done simulations on that in the past. I think that we’re in partnership with our agents obviously. We really rely on them as front line underwriters and so we see those two going hand in hand.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners: Is there any rule of thumb that we could as outsiders use?
Steve Johnston: I don’t think so. I think if you look at the past history, particularly in the last couple of years, I don’t know that I would necessary have a rule of thumb for you.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners: Okay. Thank you.
Steve Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I’ll turn the call back over to Steve Johnston for closing remarks.
Steve Johnston: Well, thank you very much. Thanks to all of you for joining us today. We appreciate your questions, we appreciate your interest and we look forward to talking to you soon. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dennis McDaniel - Investor Relations Steven J. Johnston - President & Chief Executive Officer Michael J. Sewell - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer JF Scherer - Principal Accounting Officer Martin H. Hollenbeck - Chief Investment Officer, Senior Vice President, Assistant Secretary and Assistant Treasurer Martin J. Mullen - Chief Claims Officer
Analysts: Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets Vincent D'Agostino – KBW
Operator: Good morning my name is Amy and I’ll be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Cincinnati Financial Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). I will now turn the call over to Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. You may now begin.
Dennis McDaniel – Investor Relations: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel of Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Late yesterday we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents please visit our Investor website, cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call you'll first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer; and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including Executive Committee Chairman, Jack Schiff Jr.; Chairman of the Board, Ken Stecher; Chief Insurance Officer, JF Scherer; Principal Accounting Officer, Eric Matthews; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Chief Claims Officer, Marty Mullen. First please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules, and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. With that I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Steven J. Johnston: Good morning and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our second quarter results. We are pleased to report our best second quarter operating results in several years and solid first half 2013 performance. The results reflect the benefits of ongoing initiatives that aim to improve insurance profitability, drive premium growth and create shareholder value over time. With our second quarter combined ratio of 96.4%, our year-to-date combined ratio is 93.9%, in the range of the sub 95% we are aiming for. Our lower catastrophe losses helped our results. Our combined ratio before catastrophe losses also improved for the first half of 2013. We remain confident that our loss reserve position continues to be well into the upper half of the actuarial range of estimates. We achieved the premium growth we expected for the first half of the year. Each of our property casualty segments grew as they benefited from greater pricing precision and higher pricing overall. Commercial policies that renewed during the second quarter continued to average price increases in the mid single-digit range, keeping pace with the first quarter. Increases on our smaller commercial property policies again reached the low double-digit range. Person lines policies that renewed in the second quarter also averaged the price increase in the mid single-digit range with home owner policies continuing in the high single-digit range. Our excess and surplus line segment experienced higher renewal prices for the 34th consecutive month, continuing at a low double-digit range. We continue to believe that our new business written premium growth reflects both the higher pricing we are able to get in the marketplace as well as the cumulative effect of growth initiatives. Our pricing analytics and modeling tools continue to give us confidence in the level of our new business pricing. We are seeing good growth from newer agents in addition to ones that have represented us for decades. Likewise, we see growth in newer states in addition to our more established areas of operation. Property casualty agency appointments are going well. We have appointed 63 new agencies as of June 30th and now estimate that we will exceed our initial 2013 goal of 65 agencies by about 15. Our life insurance segments earned premium growth slowed during the second quarter. The primary driver was the effect of unlocking of interest rate assumptions for certain universal life insurance products. For all of our insurance segments we are careful to grow premiums only when we believe profitability is adequate. The quality of our recent growth has been as expected with overall pricing ahead of our loss cost trends. The second quarter produced investment income that nearly matched the same quarter a year-ago despite a drop in interest income. Our primary measure of financial performance, the value creation ratio is on good pace for 2013. Our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell will now discuss that further along with other financial items.
Michael J. Sewell: Thank you, Steve and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Our 6.4% year-to-date value creation ratio is on track to reach our annual target range and is well ahead of last year. That rate includes negative four-tenth of a percent for the second quarter due to the negative 3.2% effect of the bond portfolios' lower valuation as a result of rising interest rates. Our company continues to benefit from our equity investing strategy during periods of rising interest rates or when investment income is pressured by low interest rate environment. The stock portfolio grew during the second quarter, with pretax net unrealized gains, up $38 million to over $1.4 billion. Dividend income was up 11% for the quarter and 8% for the first half. Equity securities at quarter end fair value represented 30% of invested assets and there is some room for that percentage to increase. The bond portfolios pretax unrealized gains declined $282 million during the quarter. Yields for our bond portfolio continue to move lower as the second quarter 2013 pretax yield of 4.92% fell 23 basis points from a year ago. That contributed to a 3% second quarter decline in interest income. Our bond portfolios effective duration measured 4.4 years at the end of the quarter, up 4.2 years at the end of 2012. Cash flow from operating activities continues to benefit investment income. At $251 million for the first half of 2013 net operating cash flow is within $14 million of last year’s first half, after paying an additional $139 million this year for income taxes. Looking at our balance sheet, capital remains strong and reserve development on prior accident years during the quarter was at a typical level. The second quarter benefited from 10.1 percentage points of net favorable reserve development compared with 10.4 points a year ago. Every major line of business contributed to the quarter’s favorable development. Our six month net favorable development was again spread over several accident years, including 53% for accident year 2012, 28% for accident year 2011 and 19% for all older accident years. As always we prudently manage expenses. Our second quarterly property casualty underwriting expense ratio rose 0.4 percentage points primarily due to higher commissions to agents. We continue to maintain financial strength and liquidity. Cash and marketable securities at the parent company reached more than $1.3 billion at June 30th, up 16% from the end of last year. Our premiums to surplus ratio remain at 0.9 to 1 reflecting strong capital with capacity to support continued premium growth in our insurance segments. I will conclude my prepared comments by summarizing the contributions during the second quarter to book value per share. Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.14. Life insurance operations added $0.08. Investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.53. The change in unrealized gains at June 30th for the fixed income portfolio, net of realized gains and losses lowered book value per share by $1.12. The change in unrealized gains at June 30th for the equity portfolio net of realized gains and losses increased book value by $0.20 and we paid $0.4075 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value decreased $0.58 during the second quarter to $34.83 per share. And with that I will turn the call over to Steve.
Steven J. Johnston: Thanks Mike. Our improved results in recent quarters are encouraging and the company’s performance is being recognized. We were again recognized as one of world’s 50 top performing PNC insurers based on safety, consistency and superior performance over a five year period ending 2012. And during the second quarter our credit and financial strength ratings were affirmed by Fitch, Moody’s and S&P. Moody’s also upgraded its outlook on our ratings to stable. We will continue efforts to improve performance, fulfilling our insurance promises to policy holders and providing outstanding service to agents as we add value for shareholders. I want to acknowledge the hard work and accomplishments of our independent agents and our associates. During the second quarter we wrapped up over 20 meetings with agents across the United States. Next month when all of our field associates meet in Cincinnati we will continue the discussion about how we can further improve service and performance. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your question and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you throughout this year. As a reminder with Mike and me today are Jack Schiff Jr., Ken Stecher, JF Scherer, Eric Matthews, Marty Mullen and Marty Hollenbeck. Amy we’re ready for you to open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank : Good morning, everyone.
Steven J. Johnston: Good morning, Josh.
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank : I wanted to ask a few questions about home owners. Growth was quite strong and I wanted to know first-off if we could parse that into unit volume in traditional territories unit volume and new territories and rate. And two talk about whether or not there is lack of viable options for home owners and that’s becoming a big opportunity for Cincinnati.
JF Scherer: This is JF. I guess to put into perspective, unit volume for us, since January of ‘09, just to give you an idea we were up 24% in home owner policy count, we are up 35% in private passenger auto policy count and we’ve gone and this is something to consider as well. We’ve gone from 73% of our book of business being packages, both the home and the auto up to 81%. We have been pretty strong with our agents that if we can’t write the auto with the home owners we’re not interested. So on new business it would be a rare situation that situation might be that we write the commercial the private passenger autos under the commercial lines, where we are requiring the private passenger auto. So that can have a way of muting a little bit of the home owner growth, overall maybe another item in terms of rates and we have been increasing rates. Over the past 15 quarters we’ve increased home owner rates by 43.4%. Now we have increased more than that in some of the mid-western states for example Ohio was 51.4%. So and that includes rate increases that would go into effect a little later this year. So and one other item in terms of growth, just for purposes of personal lines we have appointed 558 over that same period of time, 558 new locations to represent us in personal lines, 214 of which were commercial lines agencies because they have a greater appreciation for our technology and how we can help them issue the policies have started writing business with us. So we have a -- I think we have a lot of good things going, the increases certainly on a percentage basis from newer states for us has been strong. But we’re continuing to write business in the Ohios, Indianas and the Illinois, but we are a lot more pleased with the growth, with the rate levels that we’re at. Couple of things have happened this year. I think as mentioned before April the first we strengthened our underwriting requirements. We required higher deductibles on home owners on all new business. We’ve also added actual cash value endorsement to the home owner policy at the [roofs] of 15 years or older. We’re not writing shake shingles for example. So we are managing rooftops a little stronger and I think that has had the tendency as we would have expected it to, to mute the new business in the second quarter. So between rate increases, tougher underwriting and, a third thing, a lot more inspections we’re going to be inspecting over this year and the next two years 300,000 structures in personal lines for us to verify the condition of the property. Add it all together I think we’re comfortable we’re going to have a more profitable book of business. And secondly it is going to have an effect of slowing growth down just a little. I hope that wasn't more than you we’re asking for but that gives you a little bit of an overview of how we’re doing in home owner.
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank : More is always is better. And on these inspections are they, obviously there is going to be lot of things. But is roof a particularly important part of this inspection process or what are you really trying to get at?
JF Scherer: Roof is a significant part of it. We had some of our employees that do those inspections, with vendors that we’ve hired to do them with a specific focus on roofs. They are actually taking with them cameras that can zoom in on it, pictures of the shingles and the best they can verifying how old the shingles are. But we’re also looking for overall condition of property, whether it’s casualty, cracked sidewalks, things of that nature [dogs], that we didn’t know about, wood burning stoves, verifying the protection class the property is in. Sometimes we have it as a better protection class than it’s actually in. So it’s across the board, pictures front and back, pictures of every deficiency, very thorough, but we were pleased with how our agencies approach doing business with us, but we are verifying everything right now.
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank : And on the investment portfolio, I was actually surprised a little bit at the book value shrinkage. I look at your investment portfolios more resilient than peers, but it was kind of at a peer level is there any reallocation that’s going on in your mind with the 2Q surge of interest rates and thinking about the next 18 months out.
Martin H. Hollenbeck: Josh it’s Marty Hollenbeck. Not really we actually welcome a gradual rise in interest rates. I mean it spiked a bit in the second quarter, but we still like to see it work its way up further. Obviously the balance sheet takes a quick hit, takes along for the income statement to get the benefits of that, but nonetheless we would welcome it. Our bond portfolio I don’t think, to be honest with you, took as big a hit as you might think into book value. I mean we have a pretty generous dividend, which comes out of that as well. We have a slightly higher duration but we have less allocated to fixed income and certainly as a percentage of our shareholders equity that is the case. So we are not doing anything dramatically different going forward, corporate bonds, municipal bonds and dividend, growing stocks are still our favorite asset classes.
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank : Thank you, Marty and congratulations of the good quarter.
Martin H. Hollenbeck: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Heleniak of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks, good morning.
Steven J. Johnston: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: I was just wondering if you could touch on the new business growth. It was good in the quarter I guess it was down a little bit, the pace, but I was just wondering if you could touch on that? Was there certain areas, more so than others where you decided to dial back on and if you could just talk about that a little bit?
Steven J. Johnston: Yeah Scott, as already mentioned on home owners we expected the new business to moderate a little bit on that and consequently since we are only accepting packages, private passenger auto. Otherwise no, actually there are timing differences and booking differences. And so I think the best way to look at all of this is over the first six months of the year. But frankly it’s going along as planned. We projected out to the end of 2015 to be a $5 billion company and that does just keep in mind does include life insurance, but the kind of new business that we expected to write, we are actually little bit ahead of plan on it. The only thing I would say that was somewhat remarkable in the second quarter was the level of competition on larger accounts. They always draw a crowd that’s not surprising, but we saw a bit of a, I guess a bit of a tick up in terms of the aggressiveness of the marketplace in that area. After we really dug into it turned out not to be as remarkable as we thought, but I guess that’s I suppose worth mentioning. So across the lines of business we write packages. So we are not writing or targeting commercial auto or workers comp or something of that nature, but all-in-all I have to say we finished the quarter and pleased with what we saw.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: And what is the pricing differential, you mentioned large account business what’s the pricing differential between your sort of core small to mid-account customer and then large account customer were kind of a -- where is pricing for the large account business that you were talking about? Is that kind of just low single digits?
Steven J. Johnston: No it’s little bit better than that I would say overall a little below 5 I suppose with the smaller accounts up towards 10%.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then just wondering if you could talk about the E&S business obviously everyone is talking about how more business is coming into E&S and just wondering if you guys could touch on just the opportunities now that Cincinnati has versus a couple of years ago and maybe there is an opportunity to grow that at a faster rate than maybe you thought?
Steven J. Johnston: Well what we are seeing in our book and keep in mind we are pretty conservative in our underwriting appetite. I think there is fair amount of business that’s on the fringe that kind of floats back and forth between the standard market and the E&S market. What we have seen in that area, larger accounts we have seen a lot of competition from standard carriers. And so we’ve lost a few accounts in that regard. We are not seeing it from other ENS carriers in terms of the competition. So that was noticeable really through the first six months of this year. We still think we have a great opportunity. I can’t say that we’ve seen anything in the way the market has changed, that has caused us to think this is really going to -- the doors are really going to fly open and some business is going to come in. Still deliberate, we are still trying to be pretty conservative about what we do. And so as a general statement we’re seeing some standard market players take some business out. But other than that it’s been pretty steady for us.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. So just kind of tracking along as planned then I guess. Okay and then the only other question I had was you guys mentioned equity as being 30% of invested assets just wondering you said there is a little bit of room to move that higher and what did you have in mind as far as how much higher is there new policy on that as far as how high they can go.
Martin H. Hollenbeck: Scott it’s Marty Hollenbeck. There is a lot that goes into that decision. We look at, really from the bottom up by entity, by company in regards to regulatory issues, tax issues, et cetera. We don’t have a hard target. Obviously the last few years equities of the type we buy have been very attractive just on a pure income basis. And there is still relatively, still by historical standards. We’re not looking for a large scale pop up. I think we were just trying to convey the fact that we had not reached a maximum there we do have some room.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Vincent D'Agostino of KBW. Your line is open.
Vincent D'Agostino – KBW: Hi, good morning everyone.
Steven J. Johnston: Good morning, Vince.
Vincent D'Agostino – KBW : Just sort of a question for Marty Hollenbeck and Marty Mullen. Curious if you guys have had any good debates lately on interest rates versus loss cost trends and their relationship there and just how you are feeling about those looking out?
Martin H. Hollenbeck: It’s Marty Hollenbeck, I will go first. Again with the influence that the fed has we just don’t see interest rates dramatically galloping from here. I mean we had a nice spike. Frankly the equity markets are up, since this whole thing started. But we don’t see rates taking off any time soon. Inflation appears to be under control, looking out past three years is probably not worth the time to spend on it at this juncture. So we see a slow drift up, but not a considerable move in interest rates and this is on the investment side. Marty can comment on the claim side.
Martin J. Mullen: Sure. Thank you, Marty. Marty Mullen, Vince. Mainly focusing on certain initiatives within different avenues of our operation, in particular for instance work comp we’re focusing on medical spend and the consolidation of vendors and we really focusing on work comp specialization which I think is really proving beneficial. In addition to that on the property side we’ve identified large property specialists that are now responding to large commercial and home owner buyers in an effort to first of all in that Cincinnati serve as the first hand up to a large policy holder, but also cut down on the expenses incurred with adjusting those types of fees. So those are just couple of examples of special initiatives we have in place.
Vincent D'Agostino – KBW: Okay, perfect. And then just on our side about a month ago we hosted a call on break of claims initiatives with the [way] consulting. And the key takeaway for us is that underwriting margins you can potentially get up worth of five points or better with implementation of predictive claims tools. And from what I recall I think that was something that had interested that you guys as a future upgrade on top of what you’ve done from the predictive pricing tool side. So I am curious if that might still be on the horizon and is it something that we might expect to see within the next two or three years?
Steven J. Johnston: Yes this is Steve. And that is we agree with you 100% on the importance of that, the potential benefits. And we are definitely into that. It’s fallen within Marty Mullen’s area and our actuarial group and we agree that we see that as a very important initiative that we can put in place and one that’s got a lot of room yet to help with the lost cost trends. And I don't if Marty wanted to add anything in addition to that.
Martin J. Mullen: Sure thanks, Steve. Vince our first foray into that is going to be in work comp and our predicted analytics approach at forecasting outcomes based on the type of information received initially at the outset of the claim and we hope to have our first implementation of that by the end of third quarter or fourth quarter this year. So we’re pretty excited about that opportunity.
Vincent D'Agostino – KBW: Great. So that’s actually a lot closer than I was expecting, perfect. That’s all I had and nice quarter and thanks for taking the questions. Thank you.
Steven J. Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I turn the call back over to the presenters.
Steven J. Johnston: Well Amy, thank you. Thank you for moderating the call. Thanks to all of you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter call if not the fourth. Have a great day.
Operator: And this concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Dennis McDaniel - IR Steve Johnston - President & CEO Mike Sewell - CFO JF Scherer - Chief Insurance Officer & EVP Marty Mullen - Chief Claims Officer 
Analysts:  Vincent D'Agostino - KBW Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse Chris Maimone - Macquarie  Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital  
Operator:  Good morning my name is Brad and I’ll be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Q1, 2013 financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. You may begin your conference.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel from Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Late yesterday we issued a news release on our results along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our Investor website, www.cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you'll first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer; and then from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including Executive Committee Chairman, Jack Schiff Jr.; Chairman of the Board, Ken Stecher; Chief Insurance Officer, JF Scherer; Principal Accounting Officer, Eric Matthews; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Chief Claims Officer, Marty Mullen. Please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements may involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules, and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Good morning and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our first quarter results. We’re very pleased with our strong operating results for the quarter. They continue to reflect the steadily growing benefits and initiatives designed to improve insurance profitability to drive premium growth in creating shareholder value overtime. The continuing improvements resulted in a 91.2% combined ratio and 15% growth in net written premiums. Catastrophe losses contributed just 1.2 loss ratio points down from the 11.1 points in the same quarter a year ago. The favorable trend in exercise-catastrophe current accident year result continued. The ex-cat current accident year combined ratio for the first quarter was 90.3% reflecting a 9.4 point improvement over the first quarter a year ago. A 6.5 point improvement over the full accident year 2012 and it was 2.9 points better than the second half of 2012. Loss and loss expense reserves for all prior accident years in aggregate developed favorably during the first quarter of 2013 benefiting the combined ratio by 1.1 points. The comparable number a year ago was 14.5 points. While that’s quite a change in the amount of benefit we follow a well-defined and consistent process every quarter with just a few weeks passing since our year-end analysis of accident years 2012 and prior. Our estimate for those years in total did not change much resulting in the lower than usual 1.1 point favorable development in the quarter. Net reserve development for our personal auto, commercial auto and surety and executive risk lines of business was unfavorable. We will continue to keep a close watch on those lines. Those same three lines contributed to net unfavorable development on an all-lines basis for accident year 2012. Accident year’s 2011 and 2010 developed favorably as did all older accident years. The higher reserve estimates in total were primarily for losses incurred but not reported or IBNR as the consolidated property casualty ratio for prior accident years case reserve development was the same this quarter as the first quarter of 2012. During the past 12 months we have observed a turning a point in terms of performance by accident year separate from catastrophe loss trends. Accident years 2012 with a combined ratio of a four catastrophes of 96.8% started an improving trend that has continued into 2013. When more time is passed and more information is available we can verify any improvement and incorporate that into our future estimates or reserves. While net favorable development on prior accident years is lower this quarter we remain confident in the process, and confident in the reserve position that continues to be well into the upper half of the actual range of estimates. Turning to premium growth, each of our property casualty segments continue to increase at a steady pace again benefiting from greater pricing precision and higher overall pricing. Renewal price increases remained ahead of expected loss cost trends and each of those segments. Commercial policies that were renewed during the first quarter continued to average price increases in the mid-single digit range. Though moved into the higher end of that range since the fourth quarter. Increase on our smaller commercial property policies remained in the low double digit range. Our excess and surplus line segment experienced higher renewal prices for the 31st consecutive month reaching the low double digit range. (Inaudible) our personalized segment that renewed in the first quarter averaged a price increase in the mid-single digit range with home owner’s policies continuing in the high single digit range. New business written premiums for the first quarter continued to show strong growth for both our commercial and personalized segments reflecting higher pricing in accumulative effect of growth initiatives including new agency appointments. Our pricing analytics and modeling tools once again indicated that our new business pricing is adequate providing confidence to compete for good accounts and to avoid the under-priced ones. For our commercial line segment, policies with annual premiums of $50,000 or higher represented just over half of the 22 million first quarter increase in new business written premiums. Given recent quarter growth in larger commercial policies. We have reviewed results by policy size and continue to find no correlation to large losses. We drew a similar conclusion when studying large losses compared to length of time and agency has been appointed to represent us. We believe the larger accounts we wrote resulted from our efforts to increase loss control services and client specialization making Cincinnati a more attractive market for agencies mark-key accounts. Our life insurance business continued to grow with first quarter term life earn (ph) premiums rising by 7% as operating profit more than doubled the result for last year’s first quarter well a onetime adjustment lower 2012 profit. The first quarter of 2013 also benefited from more favorable reserves for life insurance policy benefits. We continue to emphasize growing premiums only when we believe we can (inaudible) profitably and we’re encouraged by our progress so far. We also remain well positioned to continued growing earnings, dividends and book value per share adding value for shareholders over time. The first quarter produced a satisfactory level of investment income given the head wind caused by low interest rates. Our primary financial performance measure, the value creation ratio was also excellent and was up compared with the first quarter of 2012. I will now turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell to discuss that further along with other financial terms.
Mike Sewell:  Thank you Steve and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Our first quarter 2013 value creation ratio was 7.0% including a 5.8% contribution from the change in book value per share plus 1.2% from our dividend to shareholders and was well ahead of last year’s first quarter. The dividend payout ratio for the first quarter was below 50% and was 15 percentage points less than the full year annual average since 2002. The stock portfolio grew during the first quarter with pretax net unrealized gains up $381 million to $1.4 billion. This quarter end fair value represented 29% of invested assets. The bond portfolios pretax unrealized gains declined $25 million during the quarter. Our company continues to benefit from its equity investing strategy during periods when investment income is pressured by the low interest rate environment. Dividend income was up 4% for the quarter despite accelerated dividends received in the fourth quarter of last year that we normally would have received in the first quarter. Of the 50 companies we held in our core common stock portfolio at March 31, 2013 46 have increased their dividend rate in the past 12 months, we also continue to invest new money in that portfolio helping to offset declining bond portfolio yields. Yields for our bond portfolio continue to move lower as its first quarter 2013 pretax yield of 4.93% fell 27 basis points from a year ago that contributed to a 4% first quarter decline in interest income. Our bond portfolios effective duration measured 4.2 years at the end of the quarter unchanged from the end of last year. Cash flow from operating activities continues to benefit investment income and contributed to a $102 million in net purchases of securities during the quarter. Compared to a year ago first quarter consolidated net operating cash flow was lower mainly due to higher payments for income taxes and profit sharing with agencies. Careful management of expenses continues to be a priority, our first quarter property casualty underwriting expense ratio rose 0.6 percentage points primarily due to higher commissions to agents. Our financial strength and liquidity remained at healthy levels. We had over 1.3 billion in cash and marketable securities at the parent company level up 14% from the end of last year. Our premiums to surplus ratio remained at 0.9 to 1 a reflection of our capacity to support continued premium growth in our insurance segments in addition to capacity for other capital needs. I will conclude my prepared comments by summarizing the contributions during the first quarter to book value per share. Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.31, life insurance operations added $0.08, investment income other than life insurance was reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.38. The change in unrealized gains of March 31 for the fixed income portfolio net of realized gains and losses lower book value per share by $0.09. The change in unrealized gains at March 31, for the equity portfolio net of realized gains and losses boasted book value by $1.66 and we paid 40 and three quarter cents per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value increase of $1.93 during the first quarter to $35.41 per share. With that I will turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. The moment we’re building is encouraging and our progress is being recognized. Forbes recently issued this list of America’s most trustworthy companies where we’re again the top performing large cap insurance company. The year ahead of us still has plenty of challenges. We will continually seek to improve our performance while fulfilling our insurance promises to policy holders and providing outstanding service to agents. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you through the year. As a remainder with Mike and me today are Jack Schiff Jr.; Ken Stecher; JF Scherer; Eric Matthews, Marty Mullen and Marty Hollenbeck. Brad we’re ready to open up the line for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Vincent D'Agostino of KBW. Your line is open.
Vincent D'Agostino – KBW:  Just I would like to first start with acknowledging what you guys have accomplished just because it's been quite a week over the last few years and then secondly I would just like to preamp my questions with saying that it's on our side unfortunately tend to overly focus on some of the negatives on these calls and our questions which doesn’t really often reflect our optimism. So in that way don’t want to come across as being too critical but I would just like to spend a moment on the reserve development in the quarter specifically the comment in the press release on the IBNR reserves and just from my side when going through the scheduled (inaudible) share on some of the lines. I thought I could easily justify the lower carried IBNR reserves on accident year 2012 just understanding that in a lot of these lines workers comp a really good example where you have pulled forward a claims reporting and have done an excellent job on managing the loss cost side. Of all things in my opinion that would allow you to carry a little less IBNR reserves, so is there anything that has emerged that would maybe change your thinking in terms of some of the progress that you have made and just how that impacts your estimates on the IBNR side?
Steve Johnston:
. : So when we show a 1.1 favorable development during the first quarter overall that just means that our estimate of accident years 2012 and prior didn’t change much during the quarter and I think where you’re coming from that is different than the first quarter a year ago but I think it's very explainable and it's very much indicative of us as a company that prides ourselves on maintaining a strong and conservatively state of balance sheet. We consider a lot of factors when we’re saying reserves including that are growing at a strong pace that our result have turned as you mentioned and that our accident year loss ratios are improving in a strong fashion. So we look at all these information and we just think it's prudent that the best estimate for accident year 2012 and prior did not change much in the short period of time from then they will review at your end. And to be clear and I think answer to your question, it doesn’t mean that we think reserves weakened during the quarter. In fact on the contrary we’re confident that reserves remain low into the upper half of the actual range. To better that position when we compare the first quarter of 2013 to the first quarter of 2012, the emergence of case incurred (ph) for prior accident years was the same. Virtually the entire amount of the change was due to change in IBNR released on prior accident years. Just to summarize and I think that we maintain the consistent process that was a big difference from the first quarter year ago to this quarter but I think it's indicative of us in terms of prudent reserve setting and I think we’re reflecting the progress as you mentioned that we’re making in a lot of areas in terms of our pricing and our underwriting.
Vincent D'Agostino – KBW: That’s really helpful again from our side your track record is virtually unparalleled. So really good color, As far as just because the time of the year that as you guys go through and meet with a lot of agents with the point of sales meeting that you do. I’m always curious. I usually get to go to one or so but as you go through these, is there anything that you’re hearing that it's a bit of surprise or just really any good feedback that you might be getting some agents that you’re thinking about implementing?
JF Scherer: I would say nothing surprising coming from agencies, I think we’re always anxious to hear about pricing and how agencies feel about the industry overall, industry and their agency if you will and how comfortable they feel we’re delivering rate increases and we upto this point we have four more meetings to go of the 19 we have attended, it's been consistent that they are comfortable with the approach we’re taking that rates are up and pricing is up. A lot of discussions about particularly in win proven areas about the use of higher deductibles, percentage deductibles, wind and hail deductibles or something that we’re focusing on a lot and there is a generally consistent comment from everyone that we’re going to be able to implement some of those initiatives. So I wouldn’t say that there has been anything at all surprising this spring that relative to the types of things we have talked about on previous calls and what is in general happening in the marketplace.
Vincent D'Agostino – KBW: Okay perfect and then one last one if I can seek it in, just on auto premiums from accounting standpoint. When you have a dollar of auto premium come in is there a corresponding incurred losses that or because of the way that you do your reserving. Have you already necessarily booked the incurred loss regardless of the auto premiums coming in and so would it end up just falling all to the bottom-line as far as audit premium tail winds?
Mike Sewell: That would basically fall to the bottom-line because we have already incurred the losses. So that has been a very positive for us over the last so many quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse:  First I was curious your goal to the expense ratio is 30%, I was curious if that’s what the time frame is around that goal, I was curious is the driver to that 30% largely premium growth leverage?
Mike Sewell: And part of that is premium growth leverage, you’re exactly right. As we grow the top-line there that will have a natural effect to bring down the expense ratio. We’re controlling expenses, one of the I can say the problems that we have but as we have more income, more profitable a lower combined ratio the offsetting effect of that is that our profit sharing for the agents tends to go up and so that works against us. So the commission side is a very large item and that’s really what affected the increase for the current year. We do have a lot of initiatives are going on that are also helping to reduce our loss and expense ratio. So we’re controlling those, we watch them we have got an expense committee, a head count committee and we’re committed to drive it down to the 30 but it's a good problem to have with the profit sharing to the agents.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Secondly clearly a really great combined ratio on an accident year, ex-cat basis I was curious if there was a non-cat weather benefit versus maybe what you call “normal” or versus last year 1Q. A number of peers are larger insurers have cited the benefit this quarter so far of their earning season, thanks.
Steve Johnston: We don’t track that for all lines. I mean we could track it for certain personalized and so forth. I do think though to your point that it's just kind of natural that when we do have high catastrophe losses what we will have more what you call non-cat weather it's just because there are losses in the region that may not fall into that particular cat but their weather losses nonetheless. So I would think this is more of an opinion than something I can back-up with a fact because we don’t keep up for all lines but I do think that there would be a benefit because we had lower cats that would naturally fall, that they would be less non-cat weather as well.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Yeah that makes sense, so probably a correlation between the cat level and non-cat weather. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ray Iardella of Macquarie. Your line is open.
Chris Maimone - Macquarie:
 :
Steve Johnston: First of all on our renewals for our E&S business we have had 31 consecutive months now where we have great increases and they have actually risen for us. So relative to our book of business the business that’s renewing we’re continuing to get strong pricing increases. One thing that we’re seeing and in particular on larger E&S accounts is that there has been a fair number of standard market carriers that have taken business out of the E&S side for us. So it's I guess somewhat of surprising circumstance but I say in terms of how we size up how things are being going on E&S side. Good progress on renewals, still some competition relative to some larger accounts are being taken out of the E&S market. The model for us continues to work nicely. We’re still having good experience working with our agencies and writing more E&S business from them so we still feel very good about how things are going for us.
Chris Maimone - Macquarie: Great thanks for that and then just one follow-up I was wondering if you could just run me through with little more detail on what was behind the life insurance benefit this quarter?
Mike Sewell: What we had there is on some of the smaller lines there we were refining a little bit of the reserving process between gap and stock reserves and so that was under a $4 million effect on the total net income. So it was a minor item but it was a refinement of our reserves.
Chris Maimone - Macquarie: Okay that’s just going to be one time refinement or is there sort of huge?
Mike Sewell: I would put as a one time, there may be smaller ones in the future but if you were to adjust let’s say that refinement out of 2013 and out of 2012 first quarter and then kind of come to maybe what I will call it core adjusted. We would end up actually with about a 24.4% increase in net income when you adjust those out so that might help you out go from call it may be 7.8 million to 9.7 million for the current quarter. So hopefully that would help you in your analysis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Heleniak of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets:  I was just wondering if you can talk about the new business growth, you mentioned more of the half of the accounts are from have more than 50,000 in premium. Was that part of the strategy when you pointed all the new agents over the past few years, was the intention to get more large account business or is that the way the mix just kind of happen. Did you get more of that from your existing agency based, just wondering if you can give more detail on that.
Mike Sewell : I don’t think half of our new business is coming from $50,000 premium, half of the increase comes from the larger accounts but as far as the strategy is concerned no we haven't appointed agencies with the idea of writing larger accounts. The strategy continues to be the same, we expect as a company to write by our definitions continue to write small to mid-size accounts. Our definition of medium would be from 10,000 to 150,000 or there about. We write our share of larger accounts, large and larger for us I would call perhaps in the $50,000 range and higher. One thing that we have done though and Steve referred to in his remarks was that we have progressed quite a bit in the lost control area; we have also done a much better job in claim specialization. Consequently agencies had greater confidence in us to write these larger accounts. They are still on awful lot of accounts out in the marketplace right now being shopped. Many carriers continue to describe very publically that they are going to get substantial rate increases on their renewals that provokes agencies to shop their accounts to protect themselves, I think we have done a good job of reinforcing to our agencies that we’re a consistent market and that in addition to rate claim service and loss control our pricing is consistent. So it hasn’t been a specific strategy to increase larger accounts, it's just evolved to that.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Okay that’s helpful and then could you give a little bit more detail just on the large claims that you had the ones were, they were 4 million is that just, those are in the three areas that you talked about where I guess you strengthened the reserves in the quarter. Is there anything (inaudible) in that? Was there any other areas besides that or? If you can give any detail on that.
Mike Sewell: I can give a start and maybe Marty can follow-up. You want to give this?
Marty Mullen:  Sure the majority of the large claims over 4 were in those lines mentioned assuring executive risk played a big piece of that more so in the area of the FI accounts, some 2000 in those areas that mainly was the main driver of those 4 million increase reserves.
Steve Johnston: So I will just tag on this, it is consistent with the question that you’re asking. We agree.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Okay and then the only question I have was just on pricing in April you said was up toward the higher end of the mid-single digit range and are you saying that pretty broadly in other words is pricing the price increases that you’re seeing in April is a little bit bigger than you were seeing at the end of or the beginning of the quarter?
JF Scherer: We have really consistent pricing for example in the commercial fire area we were in the low end of the double digit increases on our small to medium size accounts in the fourth quarter of last year, it's been sustained this year as well. And pretty level net rate changes and casualty and auto as well. So we haven’t seen a change up or down, it's been very consistent trending a little up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman of Adage Capital. Your line is open.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital:  So I guess I will add a couple of specific questions on reserves but I guess if I can ask a big picture one first and I admit I’m grasping (inaudible) here but just want to make sure there is not a relationship here. On taking sort of two unrelated statements and trying to tie together possibly. One is that you have seen a very good growth from agents appointed since the beginning of 2012 and then you have seen average development on 2012 and it makes me wonders or maybe some kind of tide or maybe the agents that you have added have produced worst business than agency you have added in prior years?
Steve Johnston: I will go ahead and take the first shot at that Ian, the short answer is no and we have studied that. We feel that the production of the new agents is of high quality and in particular of our new business whether it's coming from more recently appointed agents or more mature agents. We feel that the new business premium that we’re getting is adequately priced in we’re confident that throughout the various appointment periods.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Then just couple of the detailed ones and I know it's hard to sometimes draw chances you have lot of quarter-to-quarter volatility in your lines of business but for example I’m looking at commercial auto which has been showing average sale and for a few quarters now and the accident year throughout the last fourth quarters prior was averaging at low 70s and this quarter it dropped to 60. So I’m kind of wondering if you’re seeing adverse trends or why do we see such an improvement in the accident year.
Steve Johnston: Well that’s a good question and that is one that we specifically study so it's very insightful. As we look at what we’re getting in price versus what we see in the lost trends, we have seen a favorable trend there where we feel we’re getting rates over and above lost cost trend which I think supports the decreasing trend. I think as we do look back at the prior year’s we’re taking I think a prudent view of particularly given the growth, given this as your point out that there is a turning point and with consistent improvement in the results I think we’re being prudent to not release the IBNR on the prior year’s consistent with what we’re seeing in our accident year picks.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: But is that translating how is that translating into how you set the pick? I guess and this is oversimplifying but I guess I would have thought if you feel a less comfortable with the IBNR from the prior year’s then maybe put up a little bit of extra IBNR cushion in the current year.
Steve Johnston: That’s a great point in one we debate but I think the overwriting factor is what we see in terms of the improvement, in terms of the price versus what we’re doing and the underwriting loss control all the other elements we think it justifies the pick that we have for the current accident year. And that’s the overwriting factor there.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: I just had a couple on personalize. I might have missed this going a little fast for me, did you say specifically on the personal auto what drove the adverse was that the same trends or was it just something changing in severity or loss trends or something?
Steve Johnston: It's the same overall trend and I do think we had a little bit higher in terms of large losses. I think that it's a severity or something that we’re keeping a close eye on there and I do think, I made the statement that overall our case incurred emergence in the first quarter was very much equal to first quarter year ago, I think personal auto might have been one exception there where we did see a bit more emergence this first quarter than we had seen the first quarter of 2012. So we’re kind of reflecting that as well.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: And then my last one, I promise on home owners obviously you’re taking a lot of rate there, things are getting better, there is sort of time back to I think was (inaudible) question but non-cat weather. When I’m looking at the accident year before cat of a 40 the prior four quarters are between 50 and 80 so I assume a fair chunk of that is the real improvement from the pricing underwriting actions you have taken but I assume some of its non-cat as well. I mean is there any way to sort of get a sense for maybe just what a normal target is for home owners. I mean is your goal to be able to have a 40 ex-cat loss ratio or was that really just kind of an outlier number?
Steve Johnston: I think your question is very intuitive, very spot on and we have been seen the improvement in the price, we do think that the losses have been benefited from some of the action we’re taking. We do see, we think favorable movement in terms of the non-cat weather and we do, we built 26 points of catastrophe, expected catastrophe losses into our home owners pricing. So, we’re shooting for pretty low ex-cat loss ratios.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Vincent D'Agostino of KBW. Your line is open.
Vincent D'Agostino - KBW:  I just had two quick ones, you have talked a little bit more about enhanced property inspections lately and I was just curious how the retention for policy is going through that process or kind of playing out just because in the aggregate it doesn’t really seem to be a drain which would imply that you’re getting the rate and you have to push through the terms and conditions as you kind of won on those policies which would be good, you know or if they, you obviously didn’t retain them that would also be a margin enhancing so just curious of any thoughts on how that’s trending.
JF Scherer:  We’re not renewing a huge percentage of that business. I think and I don’t have the exact numbers with me but I think something into the turnaround 6% of the property we think has been inspected on home owner side. We have non-renewed gotten rid of them in some fashion and awful lot of what we find our things where we have increased the premium because the policy wasn’t rated correctly it wasn’t in the right protection class. There might have been for example in personal lines it would burn in stove (ph) for which we have a surcharge, a variety of different ways that premium has been increased which improves the margins but even at 6% I think that’s a reassuring amount of that we’re finding properties that have deteriorating since we first wrote them and we’re going to be getting off of them. Another area of inspection that has paid off has been in terms of rough conditions where we discover in some cases dwells in that (inaudible) is much older than we anticipated. We’re using an actual cash value endorsement for example and those houses that we would choose to stay on are in poor condition. So we’re at really attacking it from a whole variety of directions on the inspection initiatives feeling very good about the return we’re getting.
Vincent D'Agostino - KBW: And then just one last the agency appointments were pretty strong and it's about 50% of your full year target which is a little bit ahead of kind of the first quarter waiting that we had seen last year. Is it possible that we might see appointments getting closer to maybe 80s and 65s?
JF Scherer: At this point I don’t necessarily think so. One of the things that we feel better about I think a little more encouraged about is that we’re coming off a couple of years a pretty strong agency appointments. We have talked to all of our agencies throughout the country about the aspirations we have to grow premiums in their areas. In more cases than perhaps we would have planned for our current agency force is responding a bit better, the alternative being that we would point another agency and their general community and they prefer us not to do that. So right now I don’t believe that we would go much higher than the 65, I think we’re getting obviously good new business out of our agency force in general. And so I think I still plan on 65.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I turn the call back over to Mr. Johnston.
Steve Johnston: Thank you very much Brad and thanks all of you for joining us today. We hope to see some of you at our Annual Shareholder’s Meeting tomorrow at the Cincinnati Art Museum, others are welcomed to listen to our webcast of the meeting available at cinfin.com/investors and we look forward to speaking with you again at our second quarter call. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dennis McDaniel - Investor Relations Officer Steve Johnston - President and CEO Mike Sewell - Chief Financial Officer Jack Schiff Jr. - Executive Committee Chairman Ken Stecher - Chairman J.F. Scherer - Chief Insurance Officer Eric Matthews - Principal Accounting Officer Marty Hollenbeck - Chief Investment Officer Marty Mullen - Chief Claims Officer
Analysts: Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse Vincent D’Agostino - Stifel Nicolaus Ray Iardella - Macquarie Paul Newsome - Sandler O’Neill Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Fred Nelson - Crowell, Weedon
Operator: Good morning. My name is Stephanie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cincinnati Financial Fourth Quarter 2012 Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to avoid any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Dennis McDaniel, you may begin your conference.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer for Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter and full year 2012 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results along with our supplemental financial package, including our quarter end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our Investor website www.cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you’ll hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer; and from Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including Executive Committee Chairman Jack Schiff Jr.; Chairman of the Board, Ken Stecher; Chief Insurance Officer, J.F. Scherer; Principal Accounting Officer, Eric Matthews; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Chief Claims Officer, Marty Mullen. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements may involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Good morning. It’s a pleasure to speak with you today from Murfreesboro, Tennessee, the fourth stop on our 20 plus state tour of sales meeting with our independent agents. Our senior leadership team gets out and visits agents in the first half of each year. Meeting with our agents is always energizing. I’m also looking forward to talking with all of you about our very strong fourth quarter earnings and operating performance. Our fourth quarter results reflect a steady -- steadily growing benefit of initiatives designed to improve insurance profitability, drive premium growth overtime and create shareholder value. The contribution by our agents of premiums producing an underwriting profit was one of the keys to a successful year and we sincerely thank them for trusting us to protect and serve their clients. Our fourth quarter Property Casualty Insurance combined ratio at 81.9% was the best we’ve had in years. We’re also encouraged by the consistency of improvement across the company. For instance, all three Property Casualty segments had a combined ratio lower than the fourth quarter of last year. For the full year 2012, our 96.1% combined ratio improved by over 10 percentage points from a year ago on both a current accident year and calendar year basis. Lower catastrophe losses drove only about one quarter of the improvement. Turning to premium growth, each of our Property Casualty segments continue to experience steady growth in renewal premiums. In total, net written premiums for the fourth quarter rose by 10%, both profitability and premium growth once again benefited from greater pricing precision and higher overall pricing. Commercial policies that renewed during the fourth quarter continue to average a mid single-digit price increase, although down slightly from the third quarter. Increases on our smaller commercial property policies reached the double-digit range. For the full year, pricing averaged an increase in the mid single-digit range for our Commercial Lines segment. Our Excess and Surplus Lines segment experienced higher renewal prices for the 28th consecutive month. The fourth quarter average price increase remained in the high single-digit range and annual written premiums exceeded the $100 million mark. Policies in our Personal Lines segment renewed in the fourth quarter with an average price increase in the mid single-digit range, price increases specific to homeowners’ policy approached double digits. Higher renewal pricing contributed to a slight decrease in our Commercial Lines policy retention as it moved to the mid 80% range. Personal Lines policy retention has remained fairly steady and continues to be in the low to mid 90% range. New business written premiums for the fourth quarter and full year 2012 continued to grow at a nice pace for both our Commercial and Personal Lines segments. The increase reflected higher pricing and the cumulative effect of growth initiatives, including new agency appointments. Just over half of the $64 million full year increase in new business written premiums came from agencies appointed since the beginning of 2011. Our pricing analytics and modeling tools once again indicated that our new business pricing is adequate, providing confidence to compete for good accounts and to avoid under priced ones. As we end -- emphasized on this call last year, we are not interested in growing premiums without doing so profitably and we are satisfied with our progress so far. We are well-positioned to continue growing earnings, dividends and book value, adding value for shareholders overtime. In 2012, we appointed 140 new agencies in areas we consider underserved, about 10 more than we planned at the beginning of the year. During 2013 we plan to appoint around 65 agencies, that’s lower than in recent years and is based on our latest assessment of potential for our current agencies given our premium volume targets by territory, where we believe we can reach our goals in a given community with the currently appointed agencies we refrain from new appointments. It’s also important to remember that it takes several years for a new agency to develop the double-digit market share we tend to earn with agencies appointed for 10 years or longer. Because of the pace of appointments in recent years, plus our commitment to serving all of our agencies and their clients, we expect to achieve $5 billion of consolidated annual direct written premiums by the end of 2015. Appointing new agencies is just one of several strategic initiatives for 2013 that I’ll highlight today. We are working to enhance our underwriting expertise and knowledge by expanding our use of data and analytics for more precise pricing. We are improving results in our property-oriented lines of business with several initiatives. First, we’re increasing the use of property inspections, second, using more robust deductible features in our policies and third, increasing specialization among associates in our operating areas that handle various property insurance functions. A multi-department task force has been leading our property initiatives and we are confident in its ability to drive improvement because that approach is similar to what led to improvement for our workers’ compensation business. We’re also using that approach to improve results for our Commercial Auto business. Finally, in 2013, we’re continuing to develop new programs that target specific markets, featuring enhanced products and service to promising classes of business. Our Life Insurance business will also work to increase opportunities to cross-sell products and services as we seek another year of steady profits and growth from that segment. For the full year 2012, our Life Insurance business grew earned premiums by 8% and generated a 6% increase in operating profits. January 1st marked the renewal of our reinsurance program. We were able to add coverage and efficiency while keeping overall cost basically flat. We also further diversified credit risk associated with reinsurance while preserving the strong relationships we have with our quality reinsurers. Our per risk treaties remain substantially the same as in 2012. We increased our retention by $1 million to $7 million per loss and used the cost savings to purchase $10 million of additional property per risk coverage. Our property catastrophe treaty has coverage and pricing similar to 2012, and we added $100 million layer with our share of covered losses in that layer at 28% through collateralized reinsurance in the form of a catastrophe bond. The coverage applies to severe impacted storm losses in selected areas particularly in the Midwest, as well as supplemental coverage in the event of an earthquake occurring along the New Madrid fault line. The storm aggregate coverage applies to the 75 counties with our highest amount of total insured property values. Loss recovery under the treaty terms occurs when storm losses for all events in aggregate exceed $125 million after a $5 million deductible per event. The earthquake coverage applies once insured losses for an earthquake event exceed $600 million. Reinsurance is an important part of our enterprise risk management effort, helping to protect capital and remove some of the earnings volatility caused by natural catastrophes. We finished the year with a great quarter, producing a healthy increase in investment income. It’s important to recognize that our primary financial performance measure, the value creation ratio reached our target range for the year. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, to discuss further along with other financial items.
Mike Sewell: Thank you, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Our fourth quarter value creation ratio was 2.8% and we finished the year at 12.6%. That included a 5.2% contribution from our dividend to shareholders and 7.4% from the change in book value per share. The fourth quarter again demonstrated the benefits of our equity investing strategy during periods when investment income is pressured by the low interest rate environment. We received special or accelerated dividends of approximately $5 million during the fourth quarter, contributing to a $7 million or 26% increase in total dividend income. While that dividend income pace is unlikely to continue in 2013, individual common stocks in our portfolio have the propensity for dividend growth overtime, plus we invest new money in that portfolio and that helps offset declining bond portfolio yields. For full year 2012, we added new money to both our equity and fixed maturity portfolios as indicated by the annual increase in our cost basis rising 10% and 2%, respectively. Yields of our bond portfolio continue to move lower as its fourth quarter 2012 pre-tax yield of 5.01% fell 16 basis points from a year ago. Our bond portfolio’s effective duration measured 4.2 years at year-end 2012 down from 4.4 one year ago and 4.3 one quarter ago. Strong cash flow continues to enhance investment income. Consolidated net cash flow from operating activities for full year 2012 at $638 million, exceeded the full year 2011 by $391 million and exceeded 2010 by $107 million. Our stock and bond portfolios each experienced changes in fair value of less than 1% during the fourth quarter. The stock portfolio’s unrealized gains remain at over $1 billion before taxes and its fair value represents just over one quarter of invested assets. Moving to liabilities and reserve development, we continue to take a steady consistent approach to loss reserving. We aim to remain well into the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of net loss and loss experience reserves. For full year 2012 our Property Casualty combined ratio benefited from 10.7 percentage points of net favorable reserve development on prior accident years before catastrophe losses, up somewhat from 9.3 points in 2011 and 9.8 points in 2010. Every major line of business contributed to the 2012 favorable development that totaled $396 million including catastrophe losses. 45% of the development occurred in our largest line of business -- commercial casualty, similar to 46% in 2011. That favorable development occurred for several accident years including 39% for accident year 2011, 17% for accident year 2010, 23% for accident year 2009 and 21% for all older accident years. We continued to carefully manage expenses and our property and casualty underwriting expense ratio fell slightly despite a 0.8% point increase in the component for profit sharing commissions to agents. At year-end, our financial strength and liquidity remains stellar. We had nearly $1.2 billion in cash and marketable securities at the parent company level, up 10% from a year ago. Our premiums to surplus ratio of 0.9 to 1, indicates our capacity to support continued premium growth in our insurance segments as well as provide for other capital needs. I’ll conclude my prepared comments by summarizing the contributions during the fourth quarter to book value per share. Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.62. Life insurance operations added 5%. Investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.40. The change in unrealized gains at December 31st for the fixed income portfolio, net of realized gains and losses decreased book value per share by $0.04. The change in unrealized gains at December 31st for the equity portfolio, net of realized gains and losses lowered book value by $0.09 and we paid $0.4075 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value increase of $0.53 during the fourth quarter to $33.48 per share. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thanks, Mike. While completing another quarter with improved underwriting performance adds to our optimism about the company’s future, we realized that your efforts must continue to build on that progress. I want to thank every associate of the Cincinnati Insurance Company for their good work, and encourage them to keep getting a little better everyday at what they do to serve our agents and policyholders. The operating environment for property and casualty insurers still has plenty of challenges. We will continually seek to improve our performance while still fulfilling our insurance promise to policyholders and providing outstanding service to agents. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to investor questions, and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you throughout this year. With Mike and me today are Jack Schiff Jr., Ken Stecher, J.F. Scherer, Eric Mathews, Marty Mullen and Marty Hollenbeck. Stephanie, we’re ready for you to open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Hi, gentlemen.
Steve Johnston: Good morning, Mike.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: So very impressive margin improvement, one segment that really stood out was the commercial property. If I’m calculating this correctly, I’m getting an accident year excluding cat combined ratio of 27%. If that’s correct, is there a non-recurring element benefiting that ratio?
Steve Johnston: Mike, let’s -- we’ve got some numbers here. I want to check real quick before we answer that. You’re looking at commercial property? That loss ratio is at the current accident year loss ratio of 28.1. It improved from 31.1 and that’s before catastrophe losses. 28.1 before catastrophe losses versus 31.1 fourth quarter a year ago. And then for the full year, which I think really for all of our lines is one to look at as well -- it’s 46.1 and 69.7 for the full year 2012 compared to 2011 and that’s current accident year before catastrophe losses.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: So, I guess the moral of the story is I need to kind of take for you guys last 12 months average more so than looking at the absolute level this quarter versus -- I guess it’s just that ratio, that’s like a very, very good ratio.
Steve Johnston: Right. That’s a good point, Mike and we look at all the numbers obviously. But we do tend to focus on these full year numbers.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Okay. And I guess then kind of asking the question in another way then. In terms of the overall margin improvements on a consolidated basis, is there a way to kind of break down the drivers of the margin improvement. For example, maybe pricing versus technology driven underwriting initiatives, et cetera?
Steve Johnston: Yeah. It’s a great question and again something we think about it lot. And we do feel that we are getting improvement across the board from every area of the company pricing and maybe I will let J.F. comment on this a bit. But I’d say in general terms with the missing digit rate increases that we have been getting. We have been seeing about half come from rate and about half from other areas.
J.F. Scherer: And then, what I’d add on the property side, we are actually up close to 10% net rate increases on commercial property increases, so that is driving the improvement in property. We are also doing a lot more loss control inspections as Steve mentioned in his prepared remarks. Modeling has helped us across the board, but also in the property lines as well. So, as Steve said, it’s in across the board contribution.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Okay. That’s helpful. And lastly, I guess can you comment on the competitive environment as it pertains to rate increases that seems like everyone in the industry including you guys have been taking?
J.F. Scherer: Well, no question that everyone is raising rates, some more than others. Agencies right now, what we are finding and particularly this week when we are out travelling is that there are some companies that are taking some fairly sizeable increases and in some cases we are too. What we are finding at least in terms of market conditions that it’s driving quite a bit of business into the market for competition. One of our agencies report that because they perceived at some of the increases are little more than policyholders can tolerate, that there is a lot of preempting, preempted shopping of accounts that are perhaps type of thing that a carrier would want to keep, it’s driving it in the marketplace. So there is a lot going on out there, new business. We are not seeing the rouge if you will the rouge carriers and I guess everybody gets credit for being a rouge carrier sometime. But we are not seeing anyone carrier driving a new business overly aggressively. So, mid-single digits to upper single-digits -- from our standpoint is what we are seeing on improvements on renewals and I’d say just by way of commentary obviously property, cat prone property, awful lot of aggressive action being taken there.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent D’Agostino with Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open.
Vincent D’Agostino - Stifel Nicolaus: Hi. Good morning and thanks for taking the questions.
Steve Johnston: Good morning, Vincent.
Vincent D’Agostino - Stifel Nicolaus: I guess, first, I’d just to say I’m glad that you guys are finally getting up a few quarters worth. It’s not so much of an uphill battle with the weather. It’s just good to see. My first question would be is if I remember correctly in 4Q ‘11, there was an 11 point adjustment that needed to be made to the reported core loss ratio for workers’ complaint, but even if I back that adjustment out, the core loss ratio picked up in 4Q ‘12. So, I just wanted to see if there was anything notable in workers comp in terms of one-offs just in light of the recent progress that you guys have been making in workers’ comp?
Steve Johnston: Vincent, this is Steve. And I think again, I would focus a little bit more on the year, especially if the line is volatile and has been as you know is volatile for us as workers compensation. We still feel very confident with the progress that we’re making and it’s just that most recent accident quarter for workers’ comp is going to be pretty volatile in any year. And so we are looking more to the long-term trend, the full year improvement and feel good about the improvement that we’re making. But given the volatility that can occur, your point is well taken that it’s aligned and it always has to have a close eye kept on it.
Vincent D’Agostino - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. That’s good. And then just what you guys writing some of your accounts on a three year basis, how do you feel about the increases that you’re getting on the three year accounts that are renewing now? I guess this versus what the one year accounts have been getting as far as rate increases in the last few years? And then thinking about it in that way, what would the implied forward rate increase be that you’re assuming I guess in the go forward next three years on those accounts?
J.F. Scherer: Vincent, this is J.F. The way I would characterize the three year policy right now is that we probably more than at any point in time, previously are strengthening the difference between what we would offer as a one year renewal price increase and a three year policy price increase. The take up rate has been a little bit less. Agencies have renewed policies on a one year policy rather than three. And that’s all right, because we’d be very happy with the kind of increases we’re asking for. And in next year, we’ll have the opportunity to revisit the policy. So, I’d say very committed to the three year policy. It’s still a very stabilizing mechanism for us. So, all-in-all good progress there, but once again strengthening the kind of increases we’re looking for in three year policy.
Vincent D’Agostino - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. The comments you made about renewals going to one year versus three. In some cases, it seems really interesting. I’m curious if I should -- maybe the takeaway that I should make from that, would it be that agents maybe don’t think that the current rate environment is going to persist for the next couple of years and insurers would be better off taking a one year renewal or is it -- should my takeaway be that you guys are just being very conservative and the rate increase that you’re asking for on the three year.
Steve Johnston: Yeah, the latter. Well, I think we are pressing for higher rate increases on the three year policy. I think the bottom line of the economy is not as robust as some businesses would like for it to be. And there they can’t tolerate quite the increase that we may ask for on the three year policy.
Vincent D’Agostino - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Perfect. And then the last one from me. In terms of the 65 agency appointment goal, is that just because of reaching saturation and I think that’s what you mentioned. I guess the other question would be, was there any volume of agency own or complaints regarding the last few years pace that would have impacted that lower target.
Steve Johnston: Yeah. There have been some volume of agency complaints, but I don’t think it’s anything drastic. Obviously, when you add agencies as we have and we have been so careful throughout our history to make certain we don’t over saturate an area. You can get into a lot of discussions with agencies about better debates. But the 65 level for this year I think is a reflection of the fact that over the last three years, we have increased the agency force in lot of areas. A lot of opportunities we appointed about $2.7 billion in property and casualty premium this year which was probably double our best year previously or certainly a significant increase over previous years. So having had a lot of conversations over the last year and a half with agencies about our long-term aspirations for growth. Number of agencies we have in our area examining the agencies that have plateaued as far as their activity levels are concerned. We think we’ve done a real good job. We have a lot more critical mass to work with right now. Having said that, there are always going to be opportunities for new appointments, there are 65 agencies that we’re projecting for this year will reflect that.
Vincent D’Agostino - Stifel Nicolaus: All right. Perfect. Looking forward to talking to you guys again real soon.
Steve Johnston: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ray Iardella with Macquarie. Your line is open.
Ray Iardella - Macquarie: Thanks, and good morning, everyone. Just maybe wanted to touch on the year-over-year improvement and the accident year loss ratio, not looking on a quarter basis but just the full year. I think it’s somewhere around 8.5 points. I know Steve you had talked about maybe rate being half of it but maybe you can give a little bit more color of what the other half of the improvement is? And then maybe just talk about your overall position in terms of how you guys are setting loss picks and whether or not it’s changed at all over the past 12 months or 24 months?
Steve Johnston: Maybe I’ll defer to J.F. to talk about the improvements because he really has been spearheading along with Marty Mullen in claims in a true team approach here and then maybe I’ll touch a little bit on the second part of your question.
J.F. Scherer: Yeah. As far as initiatives to improve the loss ratios, as was mentioned -- as Steve mentioned, inspection protocols for us both in personal lines and in commercial lines, we are literally inspecting or re-inspecting hundreds of thousands of structures both in personal lines and commercial lines to give us a more confirmed view of the quality of the property that we’re insuring, the age of the roofs, the condition of the roofs, obviously with the weather being as bad as it has been, roof claims is a very significant part of what we’ve been battling. Our loss control division has expanded significantly. Specialization within our loss control division has expanded a lot. That’s manifested itself in a lot more attention in the area of workers comp but also in the casualty and property lines as well. Marty touched a little bit on some of the initiatives they’ve been involved in, in the claims area. But that’s been a significant driver for improved results.
Marty Hollenbeck: Thanks J.F. Ray, this is Marty. We really have seen some great efficiencies going on from expansion of our worker’s compensation, call center and direct call center and expediting those types of claims and having the impact on our overall results. We’re also focusing on our overall spend, especially workers compensation, focusing on best practices within the repricing issues and addressing a new nurse case management, pharmacy bill strategy. So we’ve got a lot of balls in the air, a lot of progress being made, still much to be done but we’re very happy with the progress we’re making.
J.F. Scherer: Ray, I guess I might add that of course, in and as much as we’ve done a lot more in lost control and just overall inspections, it’s really just kicking into full gear right now. So we’re pretty optimistic that in 2014, we’re going to get a lot of payback from that as well.
Steve Johnston: I’d just add Ray, that the thing that’s kind of hard to quantify, to quality independent agents that represent Cincinnati, we’ve had the high privilege over last three nights to really spend a lot of time with the agencies and the enthusiasm they have really is contagious. And they are doing a great job out in their communities in terms of really servicing their clients and helping manage risk. All of that added up allow us to be optimistic about the future in terms of our loss pick and so forth, but it’s -- very much a bottoms-up, one risk at a time granular approach that really is driven by great independent agents and great people, field rep and underwriter level across our company. So I think credit goes to them.
Ray Iardella - Macquarie: Okay. That’s helpful. Then just a follow-up, I guess on the agencies, you guys have appointed more recently. I mean if you look back over the past year or two or even three years. Has that level of premium that you guys have gotten from these newer agencies exceeded your initial expectations, meaning does the premium coming on quicker or is that kind of as expected?
Steve Johnston: I would judge it as expected. We don’t appoint an agency and expect over a very long period of time, we eventually gear up. We go through a fairly extensive interviewing process that deals with everything from financial statements of the agencies, to having members of different disciplines of our company go interview the agency about what they may be doing in personal lines, commercial lines, their access and surplus lines area, life insurance. And so we tend to hit the ground running. And we have historically always been there. So I would say it’s gone as expected.
Ray Iardella - Macquarie: Okay. One more if I can squeeze it in, I mean I know you guys have expanded. I believe on the personal line side, more recently I believe in New York and Oregon, I mean any sort of thought process and expand into new states in 2013?
Steve Johnston: Connecticut is a state that we will be expanding into natural as we have mentioned on previous calls. We’re very interested in diversifying our property exposures into these new states, many of which Oregon -- of course, Sandy would have proved to be strong in Connecticut, but certainly upstate New York is less cat prone. We don’t have anything on the drawing boards right now to go beyond adding Connecticut.
Ray Iardella - Macquarie: Okay. Thank you very much.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Ray.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Newsome with Sandler O’Neill. Your line is open.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O’Neill: I guess I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about cat exposure and how that has changed for you with recent expansion. Obviously, you’ve tried to do something there with the cat bond, but could you talk a little bit more about sort of how that you now show up with the models and whether or not we should think of you as having sort of more or less cat risk than you had say a year or two ago?
Steve Johnston: Paul, maybe we can tag team on this. This is Steve and just getting to start. It is kind of a two-pronged attack there and that we are growing more in areas that are less cat prone. So, overall that is going to have favorable effect. But I think importantly in the areas where we have been historically by managing the book and carefully underwriting from what we are seeing from the models, the expected losses are actually moving in a favorable direction as well. And so we’ve had action in Florida and various coastal areas as well as actions that we’ve taken in earthquake prone areas. And those that are susceptible to Midwestern convective storm activity, a lot of the things that we’re doing just every day to manage the risk profile overall or working to improve our position vis-à-vis the cat exposure.
Mike Sewell: Paul, moving forward, I think we are strengthening some of our underwriting actions as Steven mentioned in more cat prone areas in homeowners. For example, on new business for asphalt shingled roofs, anything over than 15 years, we have already announced that we are going to an ACB loss method of payment on those particular risk in commercial lines, much higher deductibles, building deductibles rather than per occurrence deductibles. The homeowners initiatives l mentioned is on new business. Percentage deductibles they are starting to be used in the Midwest in for habitational risk. So, there is a lot going on that we think can mitigate losses. I wouldn’t want to underestimate the fact that the inspection protocol that we have, we’re inspecting a lot of property to determine its susceptibility to withstanding weather. So, it’s not just so much deductible. I would expect that we will probably have a fair amount more non-renewals of certain property that we find to be in total repair.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O’Neill: Cool. Thanks, guys. Nice quarter.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Good morning, everyone.
Steve Johnston: Good morning, Josh.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: I want to talk a little about the dividend. Have you thought about increasing it a little bit. There is a change in story a little bit but you guys have been just inching it up very, very slowly. Obviously, there is a return to profitability. What can an investor expect is a normal run rate of dividend growth for the company??
Steve Johnston: Well, good question in fact. This is Steve. We do discuss that dividend all the time. I mean, that is important. Capital management activity for us. So every time the Board gets together, there is a lively discussion. I think we have this history of 52 years now in a row of increasing dividends. So, I think that sets a good precedent that the shareholders can latch onto. But beyond that in terms of where we are in terms of specific future guidance, I just don’t think that we are in a position to give that other than to point to our history and to point it to payout ratio is much improved and has been improving over the years and that puts us in a pretty good position and just knowing that the dividend is a very important part of our capital management strategy with shareholders.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Can we speak of a quarter percent increases as a suppressed increase?
Mike Sewell: You know it’s an increase and again everything is done meeting by meeting, looking at all of the information that we have. I have to think that with what you’ve seen in terms of the improvement that certainly we are going to have more positive discussions. But again this is a board action and I’m telling you that’s a lively discussion with the Board. And I really can’t commit one way or the other, other than to say the dividend is and has been a very important part of what we do for shareholders in terms of capital management.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Well, then along those lines, can you talk about how you think of excess capital here now?
Steve Johnston: We see various ways to deploy our capital, certainly the dividend is a big part of it. We’re growing the way we’re at the underwriting profits that we’re growing at, we see a capital strategy of investing in the business. It’s a big part of our capital deployment and so in addition to dividends, repurchases went appropriate, investing in equities. So it’s been a very successful strategy and I think a way of deploying excess capital. We really are looking at investing in the business, doing what we can to support our field people who are the strength of the company to allow them to be out, nations offices more frequently and to really service that agent. So we just -- we look at things over the long pool. We think we have a very strong and winning business model that it survived every cycle for over 60 years. And I just survived thrived in -- we are going to invest in the businesses as well.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you for your answers and congratulations on all the good news.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Josh.
Operator: Your last question comes from Fred Nelson with Crowell, Weedon. Your line is open.
Fred Nelson - Crowell, Weedon: I have been on these conference calls for almost 20 years and the key to your success is how you treat people. And I’m always in awe of the benefits you do with people, both women and men, to build this business for all of us. But I wanted to say thank you to Ken Stecher. I heard he got a very nice award and he led this company under some very difficult times. And I just wanted to personally say on this call, thank you, Ken.
Ken Stecher: Well, thank you Fred. It’s really an honor. It’s something I never expected to receive. There is a lot of greater graduate candidates and to be selected for that is really humbling. Thank you very much.
Fred Nelson - Crowell, Weedon: You deserve it, buddy.
Ken Stecher: Thank you. I’m glad that we’re past those three or four years and things have turned the corner. And all the hard work that we’ve done and put in, the team put in is now starting to pay some fruit and benefits. So we’re glad to see that.
Fred Nelson - Crowell, Weedon: Couldn’t support you more. Good. Congratulations.
Ken Stecher: Well, thank you.
Steve Johnston: Stephanie, do we have any further questions in the queue.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Steve. Johnston: Thank you. Thank you, Stephanie for presiding over the call and thanks to all of you for calling in for participating with this and we look forward to getting together with you in the future. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dennis McDaniel – IR Ken Stecher – Chairman of the Board Jack Schiff – Executive Committee Chairman Steve Johnston – President, CEO Mike Sewell – CFO Jacob F. Scherer – EVP Eric Matthews – PAO Martin Mullen – CCO Marty Hollenbeck – CIO
Analysts: Mike Zaremski – Credit Suisse Vincent D’Agostino – Stifel Nicolaus Joshua Shanker – Deutsche Bank Paul Newsome – Sandler O’Neill Ray Iardella – Macquarie Ron Bobman – Capital Returns Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital
Operator: Good morning, everyone. My name is Sarah, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome you all to the Cincinnati Financial Q3 2012 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I’d now like to turn the call over to our host, Mr. Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello and thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results along with our supplemental financial package, including the final version of our quarter end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website www.cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link on the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you’ll first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including Executive Committee Chairman Jack Schiff Jr.; Chairman of the Board, Ken Stecher; Chief Insurance Officer, J.F. Scherer; Principal Accounting Officer, Eric Matthews; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Chief Claims Officer, Martin Mullen. First please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Dennis and good morning and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our strong third quarter earnings and operating performance. Looking first at Property Casualty Insurance, our 94.8% combined ratio was our best so far this year. We’ve now posted three consecutive quarters with the combined ratio before catastrophe losses below 90% and that followed 90.4% for the fourth quarter of last year. Furthermore, our Property Casualty combined ratio for the first nine months of 2012 is a good indicator of progress on our strategic initiatives. On both a current accident year and calendar year basis before catastrophe losses, it improved by about 10 percentage points from a year ago. As for premium growth, each of our Property Casualty segments experienced double-digit increases in third quarter net written premiums. Property Casualty underwriting results, both profitability and premium growth continued to benefit from higher and more precise pricing in the third quarter. Commercial lines renewal price increases on average were in the mid single digit range and were up slightly from the second quarter. Workers’ compensation in smaller commercial property policies again led the way. Our excess and surplus lines segment had higher renewal prices for the 25th consecutive month. The increases were in the high single digit range, which was slightly higher than the second quarter. Personal lines renewal written premiums were up 11% for the third quarter and first nine months of 2012 with rate increase and policy account growth each contributing about half. New business written premiums from the third quarter and nine month periods grew at a double digit pace for both our commercial and personal lines segments driven by higher pricing and the cumulative effect of new agency appointments. Our pricing analytics and modeling tools continue to indicate that our new business pricing is adequate and stronger overall than for our renewal business. These tools give us confidence to compete for good accounts and to avoid the underpriced ones. Also the increase in new business production over the last year’s third quarter was evenly split between more newly appointed agencies and more established agencies. One area that needs our focus is underwriting for property oriented lines of business. We are working through several initiatives in addition to higher pricing to improve results. Those initiatives have several key components. We now have more specialization and enhanced expertise amongst our underwriting and loss control associates. We’re increasing the number of properties we inspect as part of new business and renewal underwriting and we’re making greater use of wind and hail deductibles in areas prone to convective storm losses. Turning briefly to investment income, it has been fairly steady for the first nine months of this year with growth in the third quarter due to a spike in dividends from our equity portfolio. Similarly, our life insurance business including these investments generated a nine-month 2012 operating profit to match last year’s despite declining bond yields. Term life insurance, our largest life insurance product line grew earned premiums at a high single digit rate for both the third quarter and the first nine months of 2012. We’re making good progress overall. Our associates are committed to providing the highest level of service to our agents and we all remain focused on creating value for shareholders. Our value creation ratio was strong in the third quarter. I will turn the call over to Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell to explain the components that drove that result.
Mike Sewell: Thank you Steve and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Our third quarter value creation ratio was 5.4% including 1.3% contribution from our dividend to shareholders and 4.1% from the change in book value per share. I will now review the components for the third quarter change in book value per share. Property Casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.18. Life insurance operations added $0.05. Investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.42. The change in unrealized gains at September 30th, for the fixed income portfolio net of realized gains and losses raised book value per share by $0.48. The change in unrealized gains at September 30th, for the equity portfolio net of realized gains and losses raised book value by $0.56 and we paid $0.4075 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value increase of $1.29 during the third quarter to $32.95 per share. The third quarter was a good example of the benefits of our equity investing strategy in midst of a low interest rate environment. Our common stock portfolio experienced higher than usual dividend increases in the third quarter contributing to a 17% increase in dividend income. That growth pace is unlikely to continue in the fourth quarter of 2012 as timing differences in dividend payments from our current holdings will create a difficult quarter-over-quarter comparison. Yields for our bond portfolio continue to edge lower with the reported third quarter 2012 pre-tax yield of 5.10%, down 15 basis points from a year ago. Our bond portfolio’s effective duration remained steady at 4.3 years. We continue to put money to work in both our bond and stock portfolios, but in recent months the allocation to the stock portfolio has been relatively higher. Strong cash flow is also helping our investment income. Consolidated net cash flow from operating activities for the first nine months of 2012, stands at $433 million. That total is already within a $100 million of full year 2009 and 2010 and it already exceeds the full year 2011 by $186 million. Both our stock and bond portfolios had nice valuation gains during the third quarter reflected in a fair value being up 7% and 1%, respectively. The stock portfolio’s unrealized gains now exceed $1 billion before taxes and its fair value represents just over one quarter of invested assets. In terms of the liability side of the balance sheet, we continue to emphasize a consistent approach to loss reserving. Through the first nine months of this year, our combined ratio benefited from 10 percentage points of net favorable reserve development on prior accident years before catastrophe losses, very close to 9.9 points for the same period a year ago. Every major line of business contributed to the favorable development for the first nine months, which totaled $287 million including catastrophe losses. Our nine month net favorable development was again spread over several accident years including 33% for accident year 2011, 22% for accident year 2010, 20% for accident year 2009 and 25% for all older accident years. Finally, financial strength and liquidity remained excellent. We ended the quarter holding over $1.2 billion in cash and marketable securities at the parent company level, up 19% from June 30. In conclusion, our capital remained strong and is available to support continued premium growth in our insurance segments and other capital needs. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Mike. The multi-quarter pattern of improving underwriting performance together with our history of strong fourth-quarter results provides many reasons to be optimistic about the Company’s future. Still, the operating environment remains challenging and we have lots of room to improve. We are determined to maintain keen awareness and continue taking action where needed. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to questions about our results and prospects for the future. With Mike and me, today are Jack Schiff, Jr., Ken Stecher, J.F. Scherer, Eric Mathews, Martin Mullen and Marty Hollenbeck. Sarah, we’re ready for you to open the call for questions. Question-And-Answers
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Mike Zaremski of Credit Suisse, your line is now open.
Mike Zaremski – Credit Suisse: We could take this offline if it’s too complicated but with Sandy coming I thought it was worth asking. There were some language in the Q I think about the reinsurance treaties. Looks like there is some kind of movement, is there anything that we should know that’s going to change given losses year-to-date that we should – that could just, I don’t know, impact 4Q? That’s my first question.
Mike Sewell: Yeah. This is Mike Sewell, and if you would like we can take offline. But, we do with our reinsurance, our attachment point is at $75 million. We had three catastrophe losses that so far have clipped into the first layer which is $25 million excess of $75 million. So those three losses at $89 million, two really at $89 million, one at $78 million have clipped it. So therefore, at least as of right now we would collect $16 million on that. So we will have reinstatement premium but we still have – still some reinsurance in that first layer before we move onto the second layer, which is above $100 million.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, that’s helpful, and related, was there some adverse development on 2012 catastrophes in the quarter?
Steve Johnston: Mike, this is Steve. Not on 2012. I think we are fine on – I mean on 2011. I think on 2012 we do have some things to talk about and I’ll turn it over to Marty Mullen at this point.
Martin Mullen: Yeah, thanks Mike. This is Marty. As we stated on our second quarter call, our $35 million estimate as of June 30, did not include any provisions for losses that incurred for July 1 and 2. That event was still fairly recent on report of the second quarter results on July 26. In fact, the total event was quite large and covered 10 states including Ohio, which by far is our largest state in terms of premium volume. It was a four-day event, and it resulted in over 7000 reported claims for us. We hear about 80% of those claims are already settled and although we still do receive some claims even through to-date in October.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. And lastly, so in commercial auto, I see there were some adverse developments. It seems that the entire industry has been grappling with some commercial auto issues for a while now. Could you talk about what’s the driver of the average development and how commercial auto is trending?
Steve Johnston:  Sure, great question. We are keeping a close eye on commercial auto. This is Steve and I’ll take a stab at it and turn it over to J.F, if he has anything to add. I think what we’re seeing is, I think there was an impact from the recession or the economic downturn that we went through. We’re actually business insurance, the driving is more related to economic activity than maybe say personal auto. And so, as we went into the economic downturn, we actually saw improvement in commercial auto results. I think it was somewhat driven by or at least influenced by the downturn. I think as we come out of the downturn now, and we’re seeing somewhat of a recovery, it’s kind of a mild recovery, but we are seeing recovery. We’re seeing some deterioration in the results of the accident year subsequent to the downturn. For us, looking at the current accident year the forecast on a year-to-date basis were 72.2 which is about equal to where we were through nine months of last year. We did see some adverse development of 4.9 loss ratio points during the quarter, but as I look at it quarter-by-quarter, going back over the past two years as we show on the supplement, we’ve actually seen some quarters with considerable favorable development, a few with adverse development. So, I kind of try to look at the big picture there and I think that we’ve been very consistent in our approach of reserving. I do think, in terms of a positive that we are getting rate in commercial auto and that that rate is in excess of what we’re seeing in terms of our loss cost trends, but we’re going to keep an awful close eye on it, continue to get rate where we think it’s needed and look for improvement in the future.
Mike Zaremski – Credit Suisse: Thank you, nice quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent D’Agostino of Stifel Nicolaus.
Vincent D’Agostino – Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, good morning and thanks for taking the question. If I go back to the 3Q11 press release, I think it was the first time or one of the first times that you had mentioned commercial lines renewal pricing had just turned slightly positive. So, I’m curious now that we’ve worked for about a year past that, if you’d know how much on a percent basis of your 3Q12 renewals are seeing year-on-year price increases. And then I’d also be curious of your thoughts maybe now initially, if as we work through the next few quarters, if we should expect because of the year-on-year compounding if renewal rate increases should maybe taper off in the next few quarters as you get rate on rate, or should the current run rate keep persisting on the commercial lines renewal.
Jacob Scherer: Vincent, this is J.F. What we’re seeing is I think a fair amount of stability and the rate increases that we are getting. The atmosphere that exists there in talking with agencies about their individual accounts and just pricing in general, is that there is an expectation that pricing increases will continue and there is very little pushback. As we have talked before if you get into some very large accounts, very good accounts that get into the marketplace, there is still a fair amount of new business competition out there. But in terms of what we’ve seen with net rate increases rising slightly in the mid-single-digit range, we don’t have any reason to believe that that can’t be sustained through next year.
Vincent D’Agostino – Stifel Nicolaus: That’s excellent. Kind of happy to be able to ask this question, it’s nice to see you guys catch a break on weather and see some nice core margin improvement. So if I – in that light, if I look at the holding company cash, it was about $1 billion a year ago, and now it’s sitting about $1.2 billion. So, should I think about the $1.2 billion as the new maintenance level or should we look at that maybe that the delta $200 million being net deployable capital, and if it’s the latter imagine maybe an ordinary dividend increases in the cards. But what other options would you look to if you were thinking maybe $1 billion in Hold Co. cash as the actual target? Thank you.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, and good question. We look at our capital pretty holistically. I don’t think we really, really have a target. We do like to see that $1 billion in cash and marketable securities with the holding company. But we want to have plenty of cash to grow, to pay our dividend and we have got this record now of going into next year of looking at 52 consecutive years of increase, and so the dividend is important. I think we are also looking at repurchases. In terms of our capital management it has been behind dividend in terms of our emphasis but we’ll look at all those measures in terms of ways to deploy the capital. I think also we have a good investment strategy and I think this is the first year in a while that we’ve actually increased the amount of cash that we’ve deployed in terms of buying common stocks and I think that’s a positive. So, I think as we look at the cash and marketable securities at the holding company on a go-forward basis, we feel pretty good in terms of fueling our growth and our capital management initiatives.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Joshua Shanker – Deutsche Bank: Good morning everyone, great quarter. We are talking about 1200 to 1300 basis points of margin improvement from 3Q11. Now, let me just say a compliment first, most insurance companies try and [inaudible] without the results, but it’s you guys who take volatility away from others and so it makes sense you guys should have some volatile results. But I am wondering if we can walk through maybe piece by piece, how we get down such a dramatic change from the sort of ex-prior year development combined ratio of 1300 basis points of improvement?
Steve Johnston: Sure, Josh. This is Steve, and let’s work through this together and make sure we’re giving you the detail that you need. I think it’s been a combination of a lot of things. We’ve been getting more rates. In addition to overall rate, it’s being able to more precisely put the rate where the rate is needed and so I think the modeling that we’re deploying is really helping to shape our book in a better position.
Joshua Shanker – Deutsche Bank: What do you think your rate in excess of loss cost was over the past 12 months?
Steve Johnston: Well, I guess, Josh, I’m a little more forward-looking than that, I’m more interested in as we take rate and we look at trends I think of trends as where we’re going to be next year with loss costs and are the rates that we are taking now and we’ll take next year be above the loss cost that we’ll see next year, because as you mentioned there is a lot of volatility that goes into the history of loss cost, but basically we kind of see making this perspective. We’re trying to look at next year in terms of estimating what are the accident year loss cost are going to be and are we getting the rate in excess. I guess just in terms of what we disclosed, we feel that we’re above that, but I don’t know that I could really quantify in terms of basis points the amount. And again, as you point out, there is a range around where we would see forecast for next year’s loss cost. But we feel pretty confident that we are getting the rate that we need in excess of where we see our loss cost trends going next year.
Joshua Shanker – Deutsche Bank: What do you peg at the 3Q11 combined ratio impact of large non-cat events, I guess the differential between 3Q12 and 3Q11?
Steve Johnston: In terms of that I look at it more on a year-to-date basis, we’ve got little more specifics on the homeowners. We keep closer eye on that and so I think year-to-date we’ve seen about little less than seven points of improvement in the ex-cat weather. I tried again to look at – we tried to look at in a big picture too, and with ex-cats we can’t invest ex-cat dollars and we can’t invest non-weather or ex-cat non weather type dollars. We can only invest our overall net income. So we’re looking at it from the total of trying to do everything we can in terms of pricing, underwriting, inspection, managing our exposure so that we generate positive operating income, positive cash flow and positive net income.
Jacob Scherer: Josh, this is J.F. I might add just a little bit to what Steve just said about what we are doing on the underwriting loss control and claims side. We are putting an awful lot of effort into increasing our loss control division of our company and ramping up the amount of physical inspections that we make of the property we insure both in homeowners and in commercial lines. Worker’s comp, we made a lot of progress in worker’s comp, specialization on the claims side, call center on the claim side and loss control, especially the loss control as well that’s contributed a lot of improvement. So I think pricing, as Steve already has described has been a good contributor. But we do have a lot going on in the claims and loss control and underwriting areas that are really contributing I think to the overall results as well.
Joshua Shanker – Deutsche Bank: Do you by any chance, or maybe you don’t want to disclose it, have a sense of most improved states?
Steve Johnston: Most improved states, J.F. do you want to?
Jacob Scherer: Well, in the worker’s comp area of course there are a few states that jump out at you as far as being fairly tough environment. Illinois would be one of those. So we probably have been more conservative and put a lot more effort into improvement of loss control results there in Pennsylvania. But, in all honesty I think we are spreading what we are doing from an underwriting standpoint throughout all states. And beyond that I really couldn’t say if there is any state that stands out.
Steve Johnston: Josh, I might tack on to this, because we talk about this quite a bit. And I’m pretty strong in trying to articulate that what we want to focus on is the next policy that we write no matter where it is, what state, what line, so we really understand the risk, the attributes of that exposure and that we get adequate risk adjusted rate for the next policy that we write, whether it’s in Ohio or one of the new states, but wherever we write on an incremental basis we want to next policy to have adequate rate on a risk adjusted basis to cover the exposure.
Joshua Shanker – Deutsche Bank: And if I can one more question, because I think we have time. When you look at your desire to become ideally the number one or maybe the number two provider of insurance for your agency distribution channel, when you think about this year versus last year or the year before, successful conversion of that goal, what are the reasons why some years are better than others and what have you guys done in the past year that’s really accelerated improvement along your long-term goals in that regard?
Jacob Scherer: Josh, this is J.F. Well, certainly in a softer market where you have quite a few carriers using the price lever to gain better shelf space in an agency that does impact things. There is a certain amount of inconsistency in the marketplace right now in terms of some companies driving rate maybe a little more strongly than some agencies would appreciate. Our three-year policy, the way we handle claims, the fact that we don’t appoint many agencies in an area, all of that, no one thing is the winner, but all of that causes agencies to focus a little bit more intently on doing business with us. I’d say one of the things that probably, as we report this type of a metric, will have an impact is that there is a lot of merger, acquisition activity in the independent agency system. We’re finding that fortunately that our agencies are in some cases merging with others. That creates a lot more critical mass within the agency and since we weren’t in the new part of that partnership, we may fall out of the number one or number two position. We do maintain our position of being a consequential partner for our agencies and that’s the important thing. We want to be thought of as a company that contributes most significantly to our agencies’ success. So, continues to be our goal. We think that’s important. We’re not going to be a big player if you will in agencies and fortunately based on all of the contribution we can make, agencies give us an opportunity to do it.
Joshua Shanker – Deutsche Bank: Thank you, and congratulations on a very good quarter.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Josh.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Newsome of Sandler O’Neill.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O’Neill: Good morning everyone, thanks for the call. I was hoping you could give us some thoughts on how things may change in your personal lines business now that you’ve had a little bit of reorganization with J.F.’s promotion?
Steve Johnston: Well, Paul it’s a good question. I think you know as everyone that’s followed our company can see the results have been a bit stubborn with personal lines. I do think that everybody is teaming up together, collaborating well to work to improve results. I think bringing J.F. to the table here to lead this effort is going to be extremely positive for our company. He brings many years of experience and expertise. I think he wrote his first Cincinnati homeowners policy in 1974, so he is committed to personal lines and we think we’re going to see an improvement.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O’Neill: Are there any specific plans other than just trying to do the usual that you’ve thought about here or are you not quite there yet?
Steve Johnston: We are taking a close look at everything and maybe taking a close look at everything in a new light. But we will be executing the blocking and tackling and the same efforts and new efforts that we think will drive us forward.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O’Neill: Then on the E&S business, obviously I’m sure you want a combined ratio that’s better than you had and this is obviously small too. But is that in your view mostly about rates to get that combined ratio there up, is it scale – there is still scale issues there, maybe just a little refresher would be great?
Jacob Scherer: Paul, this is JF. On the E&S results, I think you may have noticed in the release that there is a more difficult comparison to the third quarter of last year due to a larger IBNR reduction from last year. We did have and I guess there was just a little bit of unusual number of larger claims in E&S. We continue to grow very quickly. We will finish the year somewhere around $105 million in our E&S book of business. So, we are reserving as we do on other lines fairly conservatively. So, it’s a bit hard to drive the combined ratio down below a 100 with the fast growth and the stronger reserving. So it’s disappointing to have the quarter that we had just from a standpoint of the losses that we had in that line. But as was mentioned we have had 25 straight months of rate increases in CSU that continues to go up. So it’s closing in on 10% average net rate increase. So we think we are doing a good job there. So, no, I’d say we are very satisfied with how things are going, and I guess by way of more color nothing – we are not writing anything differently this year than we did last. We still have a fairly conservative appetite in that class in the E&S company. So we’re feeling good about it.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O’Neill: Great, thanks, always a pleasure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ray Iardella of Macquarie. Your line is now open.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie: Thanks and good morning everyone. Just wanted to touch back on maybe Josh’s question, maybe approach it a little bit differently. What is the right base should we think about in terms of the 2011 accident year, a loss ratio for commercial lines and kind of how we should look at that relative to the year-to-date accident loss ratio in commercial lines as well?
Steve Johnston: This is Steve and just to touch on, I think we’re seeing improvement. Anytime there is an accident year it’s always an estimate, we’re putting forth our best estimate. But we think the improvement makes sense in terms of what we can see with the execution of all the initiatives that we’re putting in place. J.F. has put in place under his leadership and in terms of not only price but the precision of that price. The underwriting, the loss control, the inspection, the claims under Marty Mullen’s leadership and the things that we’ve done in workers’ compensation, in terms of the call center that we’ve put in place. The increased specialization that we’ve had in terms of our workers’ comp, whether it’d be from the claims handling, the medical, looking at every issue, turning over every stone, we had been working diligently to improve those results and so we see improvement. Now, in terms of the exact number of points and so forth on an accident year loss ratio, I think again that is subject to some estimation that we feel certainly confident in the direction that we see, things going and it makes sense, makes good common sense that’s consistent with the initiatives that we’ve been employing.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie: Okay, that’s helpful. Maybe just sort go going forward, do you guys expect to get incremental improvement from the initiatives outside of just straight pricing in commercial lines?
Steve Johnston: I will let J.F. comment on that. But certainly I believe that is a work in process as we’d like to say we don’t feel we’ve crossed the finish line. We’re still running the race hard. I think we’ll continue to see incremental improvement. I do think one thing that I want to make sure to point out is that when we look at the accident years just please keep in mind that we did have reinstatement premium back in 2011. In total that amounted to 1.4 loss ratio points for 2011. For commercial lines it was 1.1 and for personal lines it was 2.4, so that’s just a data point that you all might want to keep in mind in comparing the two accident years.
Jacob Scherer: Just by way of commentary, and let me know if I’m not answering your question. I think in terms of what we’re doing in loss control, number of risks that we are inspecting that previously we did not – the expertise that we brought in, in loss control from outside the company that has specializations in property, casualty and auto, that we didn’t have before, all what we believe is going to contribute incrementally to our commercial lines loss ratio. On the claims side, we’ve mentioned this many times before, but we’ve just had so many initiatives that are yielding terrific results on the worker’s comp side in claims handling. And on the property side we have put together a group of people where we are approaching it just as aggressively. So, these are things that up to this point we had not been doing, so we expect some lift from all of these initiatives in addition to the pricing lift we are getting.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie: Okay, that’s helpful. One other question I guess in terms of pricing, could you maybe talk a little bit about sort of the band of pricing that you are seeing across different lines? I’m assuming worker’s comp is probably on the higher end of the sort of the mid-single digits, which you guys have talked about. But can you maybe talk about the spectrum across different lines of business?
Steve Johnston: Yeah, you are right, on the workers’ comp side it’s on the higher end and property is probably the one that is rising the fastest now. Surprisingly, as tough as the weather was last year or has been, I thought we would have seen a market place that would have really been a lot more aggressive on the property side. And we are now seeing this, we are seeing every single month pricing improvement on the property side, so that stands out. Casualty not as much, auto I think just as we talked a little earlier about some of the results in commercial auto and private passenger auto for that matter, I think we will probably see a little bit more effort in raising rates on the auto side. But right now, property and worker’s comp would lead the way.
Mike Sewell: I might just tack on a little bit to that, that we look at it risk by risk very granularly and we have gotten rate increases on individual risks that are much in excess of the averages and a lot times as you look at it, it’s just what you will consider “a good risk” that we write every day. It is just through the soft market and so forth. The price has been driven down as we look at it in a new light with all of our tools and as we understand the risk presents better. We put out a considerably higher rate and I think we’ve had decent ability to have those stick.
Jacob Scherer: I would add to that, the modeling that we are doing on our entire commercial lines book of business as Steve made reference to, shines a brighter light on those accounts that deserve more attention. In the past you may have an account that was loss free and we might not have done much, but just to talk about an average rate increase because the model is detecting things from its point of view that past loss experience may not have exposed we’re sending people out to visit the account, we’re verifying attributes of our business that are not in the model to make certain that whatever we’re doing, we’ve touched every base. So it’s been a great underwriting tool for us, not only from a guidance or pricing standpoint, but pointing us in a direction on some accounts we might not have prepared as closely. 
Ray Iardella – Macquarie: That’s certainly helpful. Into the last one, in terms of – maybe I’ll ask sort of a capital question more directly. Any thought of special dividend before year-end or is that something you guys are not even considering at this time?
Steve Johnston: This is Steve. I think we look at that dividend in a long-term. It is having increased to – now for going on 52 years we haven’t been more into really pay a special dividend. We’ll look at it every quarter with our Board, but I think consistency, long-term approach would be more the way to look at us in terms of our dividend.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie: Okay. I figure that would an answer, but I have to ask the question. Thank you.
Steve Johnston: Good question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ron Bobman of Capital Returns. Your line is now open.
Ron Bobman – Capital Returns: Hi everybody. I had one question about comment earlier on the call about new business being, I’m not sure if you used the word “price.” But in effect new business being priced above renewal. Could you explain that on a more fuller fashion please?
Steve Johnston: Yeah, sure Ron. And I’m not sure – just to clarify that it’s necessarily above the price apples-to-apples for a new would be above renewal. It’s just in general, as we look at new business, we feel that the relative adequacy of the rate for the group, all of the new business relative to all the renewal business is better and I think it probably has to do with the renewal book which is most of the business. Having been through a soft market, having been driven down in terms of its price, with a new piece of business you look at it in a fresh light and you make a decision of, you know, will we write that piece of new business and at what price. And so, just as we look at overall, the total book of new business vis-à-vis the total book of renewal business, we see relatively better pricing on the new business.
Ron Bobman – Capital Returns: Interesting. Your underwriting tools are improved, I guess they are always improving, but they are improved, and so the new business that you’re pursuing and presumably subset that you’re winning and binding is in effect better targeted higher sort of expected return at the prices you’re binding it at, than the legacy book of business that was attracted and bound which can be a less developed sort of underwriting tools and just sort of the natural progression?
Steve Johnston: Yeah, I think that’s fair. Although I would want to point out that don’t think of it as the gap is great. I mean we are making good strides on the renewal business but I do think that we are really focused on really competing for adequately priced new business.
Ron Bobman – Capital Returns: Okay, thanks a lot. We are hearing that more and more, it’s just not an intuitive observation.
Steve Johnston: There really isn’t. I mean if you look back over the history of things, you always think of that new business penalty. But I think we are just bringing more tools to the game today.
Ron Bobman – Capital Returns: Thank you very much.
Steve Johnston: Thank you Ron.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from Vincent D'Agostino of Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is now open.
Vincent D’Agostino – Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks for taking the follow-up. As far as your field reps go, I’d be curious even if these numbers are a commentary, about how many agencies on average is each responsible for and would you know how many renewals are crossing their desk in a month or quarter? Also more importantly, how those two metrics compare to the industry? Just to give you an idea of why I’m asking, I’m basically trying to gauge how granular you can get on analyzing renewals versus some of your larger peers which have been promoting their account by account review process. And I just have some skepticism on that for some of your peers just based on the agency commentary that I’m hearing. So any color that you can provide on that would be great.
Steve Johnston: Couple of observations there, first of all, the field reps, we have a 127 of them in 39 states do not handle renewals, so all of that takes place here in Cincinnati in conjunction with the agency. From time to time a field rep will get involved in a renewal to help the home office underwriter. But the field rep’s role is to underwrite and price all the new commercial lines business that we write, promote all the other products we write, but most of the time is spent with the commercial lines. We have, as I mentioned, 27 territories. We have 1700 and I think it is – those numbers are – roughly 1700 in 2011 or so locations, it averages about 14 locations per field rep. In sum, more active agencies where we write a large share or the agencies themselves are large. They may call on us as few as six agencies in rural areas where the activity level per agency is smaller, they might call on as many as many 20 or 24 agencies. So, that would be how we would split it up. What was the rest of your question, I want to make sure I get to it.
Vincent D’Agostino – Stifel Nicolaus: Sure. I was just trying to gauge, I guess, the second part would be is, are you seeing larger national carriers as a source of new business perhaps because they can’t be as granular as they say that they are, but is really the crux of the industry I’m trying to get to.
Steve Johnston: I think for us I couldn’t say that. I can’t say that we’re seeing a higher distribution of our new business opportunities from national carriers. So, I think it runs the game between regionals and nationals. One of the tractions that they use in Cincinnati Insurance Company is that we do use a three-year policy. We charge more for it, but right now we’re really in the middle of a period of time where rates are rising. No one knows for sure how long they will. So as a company, I think, that’s an attractive option. I think the biggest difference is that, relatively speaking, our field reps have relatively few agencies they call on. In higher activity agencies, they are in there once a week. They are visiting producers. They are going out and seeing the risk. It’s the same model we’ve had for years, it produces results for us. So we get perhaps more of our share of that, that’s a business that we’d like to write. I think also particularly given the amount of claim activity we had with the weather, all of our field claim reps are assigned to agencies. They are in the agency’s office on a regular basis. The conscious decision an agency makes just in terms of momentum of where business goes in an agency, certainly price is an issue, but probably in my view and I think our – if you ask our agencies in their view, the way that they know their policyholders to be treated if they have a claim gives them a lot of confidence to put a significant portion of their business with us. Finally, I guess I’d add that in every one of our field we have excess and surplus lines, property, personal lines field reps, machine and equipment, premium auditors, all assigned to agencies, all get to know the agencies pretty well. I know it sounds a bit corny but our agencies are doing business with the Cincinnati family and there is just a lot of confidence and consistency on that.
Vincent D’Agostino – Stifel Nicolaus: Excellent, thank you very much for the color and look forward to talking to you guys very soon.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ian Gutterman of Adage Capital. Your lie is now open.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Hi guys, most of my questions have been picked over. I guess the only thing just to go back to the improvement in the accident year again on the commercial side, I was looking in the supplement at the line by line detail, it looks like the majority of the improvement if am looking sort of versus the first half for this year, was commercial casualty and commercial property. Commercial casualty is about 15 points better, commercial property about 10 points. So I guess, two parts, commercial property is it fair to assume that there was a non-cat weather or a large loss benefit? In commercial casualty I guess I’m a little bit more lacking in explanation, if you could give a little bit more color why there is such a dramatic improvement there? I understand directionally there should be improvement. It is just the [inaudible] I guess I’m trying to understand.
Jacob Scherer: I do think that it’s always good to focus on the direction. There is certainly an estimation when it comes to accident years with the casualty lines. There is more uncertainty there. But I do think that we’ve been very consistent in our approach to reserving. I think we have been, again sorry to kind of repeat the same issues, but we really have been addressing it holistically for all lines, very granularly every policy in terms rate of rate, precision of the rate, understanding the risk, doing what we can to modify the risk if we can to have a win-win for everybody if we can reduce risk. It’s just we feel the elements of blocking and tackling in doing the business and executing our model has resulted in improvement.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Was there any release from the first two quarters actually or into this quarter?
Steve Johnston: We really don’t look at it in that way. What we look at it right at this point would be the previous full accident years and we will have that type of analysis on what’s going on next year 2012 when we get to January.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: I guess I’m just looking that commercial casualty lines for the past I guess six quarters have been in mid 60s to 70 type range, and the drop to 52 on an accident year basis seems pretty dramatic. I just – that’s actually more than what the year-end rate would be. So, I guess I’m puzzled by why there would be that much volatility in a causality line property. I guess it makes more sense to me, just it could be lack of events but?
Steve Johnston: Sure. There is going to be that kind of movement by quarter. I think if we look at the year-to-date, we look at the nine-month, we have improved by 6.5 points on the accident year for the full year-to-date and that might be the better way to focus on it than to look quarter-by-quarter, because there could be some noise in the quarterly numbers.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Okay, great. Then just one quick one, I don’t think you said, maybe I missed it. You talked about price increases in commercial and E&S. On the personal lines, do you have what the price increase was for the quarter?
Steve Johnston: Yes, we do. I mean, with homeowners, we just came in with another round in our annual rate increases and we’re in the upper single digit to low double digit range there on average. I think, again, with the models that we’re employing, we’re getting more on certain risk. That’s an average, but there certainly is a distribution around that average and we’re getting more rates on those that we feel need more rate. For personal auto, we are continuing again for about the third year in a row to get low single-digit increases. So, when you average them out, we’re getting in the mid to upper single digit rate increase through the personal lines as well.
Operator: There are no further questions queued up at this time. I’ll turn the call back to over to presenters, for closing remarks.
Steve Johnston: Well, thank you, Sarah. Thanks for everybody for joining us today. We have come to understand that there were some technical difficulties in people accessing the webcast when we first started the call, and we apologize for that. But please remember that you should be able to hear the full replay of the webcast this afternoon. Again, we thank you for joining us today and we look forward to speaking with you again on the fourth quarter call. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dennis McDaniel - IR Steve Johnston - President and CEO Mike Sewell - CFO Jack Schiff - Executive Committee Chairman Ken Stecher - Chairman of the Board J.F. Scherer - EVP Eric Matthews - PAO Marty Hollenbeck - CIO Marty Mullen - CCO
Analysts: Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse Ray Iardella - Macquarie Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Vincent DeAugustino - Stifel Nicolaus. Ron Bobman - Capital Returns Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets Matt Rohrmann - KBW Drew Woodbury - Morningstar Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Fred Nelson - Crowell, Weedon
Operator: At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Q2 2012 financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions) I now like to turn the call over to our host, Mr. Dennis McDaniel.
Dennis McDaniel: This is Dennis McDaniel, the Investor Relations Officer for Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results along with our supplemental financial package, including the final version of our quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our Investor website, www.cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left of the screen. On this call, you'll first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including Executive Committee Chairman, Jack Schiff Jr.; Chairman of the Board, Ken Stecher; Executive Vice President, J.F. Scherer; Principal Accounting Officer, Eric Matthews; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Chief Claims Officer, Marty Mullen. Please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules, and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. My comments on the second quarter parallel several I made at our last earnings call. Investment income remained steady and our investment portfolio continues to grow. Mike will discuss investment details in a few moments. Underwriting performance before the effects of catastrophes was very much improved compared with the year ago, similar to recent quarters. On the other hand catastrophe losses continued above historical norms for us and for many in our industry. Previously announced second quarter catastrophe losses added nearly 18 points to our combined ratio. Improved underwriting performance in part reflected pricing for property casualty policies that continue to increase. Overall, pricing was up a bit from the first quarter. Each of our Property Casualty segments again had healthy levels of net written premium growth. They each grew at a double-digit pace during the second quarter and our Life Insurance segments earned premium rose likewise. Factoring out reinsurance effects property casualty written premiums rose 12%, and were satisfied because more precise and overall higher pricing was a large contributor. Commercial Lines renewal pricing moved somewhat higher in the second quarter compared with the first. Overall, average increases were in the mid single-digit range, including the blending effect of three year policies. Renewals of workers compensation and smaller commercial property policies again experienced stronger pricing during the second quarter than most of our other lines of business. Our Excess and Surplus line segment had a higher renewal price for the 22 consecutive month, again in a high single-digit range. And personalized premiums continued to experience rate increases over successive years with renewal premiums up 11% for the second quarter and first half of 2012. Policy retention for Commercial and Personal Lines continues to remain steady in its contribution to total written premiums. The contribution of new businesses is increasing in significance, reflecting benefits from both higher pricing and the cumulative effect of new agency appointments. Property Casualty new business premiums in the second quarter were 12% higher than a year ago. Recently appointed agencies again drove that growth. As of June 30, we have appointed 93 new agencies on pace toward a full-year target of 130. Our pricing analytics and modeling tools indicate that our new business pricing is adequate and stronger overall than for our renewal business. These tools help us determine when to walk away from business that we believe is underpriced as well as when to have the confidence to compete for good accounts. We are studying our property book of business and identifying opportunities to improve underwriting results for the property lines. Our approach is similar to the multifaceted effort that has been improving our workers compensation results. We've already put in place some of the pieces and in the future we will further discuss plans and progress. Over time, we'll also benefit from earning the rate increases we've taken on property coverages. On a written premium basis in recent quarters, those property rate increases have outpaced the increase that's taken on much of our non-property business. Our total property casualty combined ratio for the first half of 2012 showed good improvement over 2011, on both a current accident year and calendar year basis. That improvement holds up however you analyze it, with or without the effects of catastrophes and the accident reinsurance costs in 2011. We're continuing to see the benefits of ongoing efforts to improve pricing, underwriting and claims management. We are confident further benefits will manifest in our operating results. At the same time, we remain steadfast in our approach to service excellence, reserve adequacy, investment management and strong capital. Now, Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, will comment on several financial items.
Mike Sewell: Thank you, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Our investment portfolio continued its steady contribution to earnings in the second quarter. Investment income again matched the prior year's quarter and both major components, interest income and dividends were essentially flat. Yields for our bond portfolio were slightly lower than last year. As we reported, the second quarter of 2012 was even with the first quarter at 5.2% on a pre-tax basis and 3.8% on an after-tax basis. Our bond portfolio's effective duration edged down to 4.3 years from 4.4 years. In our common stock portfolio, we're seeing dividend increases over the past year for most of our holdings, but less funds were at work in that portfolio for much of the past 18 months. Its cost basis is just now approaching its yearend 2010 level, following a reduction in the first half of 2011 of almost 8%. Our fixed maturity portfolio again experienced a valuation gain during the second quarter. For the equity portfolio, unrealized gains were 8% lower at the end of June compared with March. Still, that portfolio is pre-tax net unrealized gains of $891 million or 12% higher than at the end of 2011. Consolidated net cash flow from operating activities for the first half of 2012, continued at a healthy pace. That helps fuel our investment income and offset the effects of the low interest rate environment. At $265 million, net cash flow already exceeded the full year 2011 by $18 million. It's on pace to exceed the full year 2010 and 2009, each at roughly $530 million since the second half of the year typically has lower catastrophe loss payments and the bulk of the agency profit sharing was already paid in the first quarter. Moving to balance sheet highlights, a consistent approach to loss reserving is one of our hallmarks. And metrics for reserve development on prior accident years, demonstrate that consistency. Through the first six months of this year we benefited from 10.8 percentage points of net favorable reserve development before catastrophe losses. That result came within one-half of a point of 2011's six-month development. Every major line of business contributed to the favorable development for the first half, which totaled $201 million, including catastrophe losses. Our six-month net favorable development was again spread over several accident years, including 19% for accident year 2011, 30% for accident year 2010, 16% for accident year 2009, and 35% for all older accident years. We also continue to maintain our consistently low debt leverage with a debt to total capital ratio of 14.8% at June 30. As previously reported, we established a new $225 million line of credit in May. It replaced two credit facilities that totaled the same amount. Six banks participate and it's for a term of five years. Most of the major terms and conditions are similar to the former credit facilities, but we gained some flexibility in terms of borrowing capacity such as raising the debt to total capital covenant to 30% from 20%. In addition to enhancing our already great financial flexibility with a new credit facility, we once again ended the quarter holding over $1 billion in cash and marketable securities at the parent company level. Our capital remained strong and is available to support additional premium growth in our Insurance segments. I'll conclude my prepared comments as usual, by summarizing the contributions during the second quarter to book value per share. Property Casualty underwriting decreased book value by $0.31. Life Insurance operations added $0.06. Investment income other than Life Insurance and reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.44. The change in unrealized gains at June 30 for the fixed income portfolio, net of realized gains and losses raised book value per share by $0.20. The change in unrealized gains at June 30 for the equity portfolio, net of realized gains and losses lowered book value by $0.40. And we paid $0.4025 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value decrease of $0.41 during the second quarter to $31.66 per share. That result is 2% above the yearend level contributing to the first half value creation ratio of 4.6%. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thanks, Mike. While we remain encouraged by the trend of strong underwriting performance before the effects of catastrophes, we recognized that there is still plenty of work to be done. Our associates and agents continue to work together to make necessary improvements, while maintaining service excellence in creating long-term value for shareholders. Our primary performance measure is our value creation ratio. And the incentive compensation aligned with adding shareholder value keeps every associate in the company focused on what is important. With Mike and me today to answer your questions, and further discuss our results and outlooks are Jack Schiff Jr., Ken Stecher, J.F. Scherer, Eric Mathews, Marty Mullen, and Marty Hollenbeck. We're ready for you to open up the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: So on pricing, it appears that the pricing rate of change has slowed, and maybe you wouldn't agree with that and us. Steve, you used the word, adequate, a couple of times. So does that imply the current rate increased levels are enough and it might fluctuate near current levels or maybe even move south?
Steve Johnston: I think actually when we look at the first quarter and compare it with the second quarter, the rate increases are actually up just a tick. But flattening is probably a good term, but it is actually and it did not decline. Overall rate increases are actually up just a bit from where they were in the first quarter. We feel we're hitting the rate in the areas that we need rate and we're continuing to be able to get rate. I think it's not just the average rate increases that we're taking, but that we're using a lot of precision looking at risk on an individual basis, comparing what we think the exposure is to what the rate that's needed for that individual policy. And we think we're making good progress.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: So workers comp specific, next. The results clearly improved a lot this year. Is that been driven solely by increased prices and some of the new analytics you've talked about or have broader loss costs also helped out?
Steve Johnston: It has not been price alone. Price has certainly contributed. And I'm going to turn it over to J.F. Scherer, because he has just produced human effort in terms of been all-around approach to improving our workers comp results.
J.F. Scherer: Mike, we have gotten strong consistently upper single-digit rate increases on comp. That's been the implementation of the predicted modeling, has been a big contributor to guiding us on the pricing. We'll be introducing our second generation of that model. We in fact are in the process of doing that right now. But in addition to that, we've done a lot more in loss control, specifically on accounts greater than $50,000. Every single one of those accounts is going through a more rigorous review by our loss control division that are scored, based on the review. That resulted in a lot more insight on the accounts that we write. I think really, and Marty might want to add to this, Marty Mullen, our Chief Claims Officer. But in the claims area, there's been a tremendous amount of specialization and both in terms of putting loss control specialists in the fields, but bill revising has contributed significantly. We have call center now where we ask the policyholder to call directly into Cincinnati, which accelerates the lag between when the injury occurs and when we are able to triage the injury, and address how it's going to be handled. So all of those things have contributed. Pricing continues to be therefore a force in the comp area. That still remains consistent. I think in terms of the contribution that loss control and claims will give us, we think there's still some to be gained there.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: And lastly if I may, so what I'm trying to not struggle with, but when I look at just the accident year ex-cats for the entire company, it's improved a lot in the last few quarters, which is great. I'm trying to figure out has any of that come from pricing really, because pricing just started to improve last year. It's really been mostly from the analytics and calling of the books, and we should expect the pricing increases to come in later in the year or next year?
Steve Johnston: Mike, I think you've hit it pretty well right on the head. I don't think it is all pricing. I think is the other elements as well as you have mentioned. And I agree that I think the pricing will continue to earn as we go forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ray Iardella of Macquarie.
Ray Iardella - Macquarie: I guess first maybe for J.F. or maybe Steve. As far, Steve, the agency appointments you shared here today, obviously you guys are tracking above the 130 target 93, I believe year-to-date. I think, Steve, your comment was you guys are on pace. But I'm just curious, how do you think about that 130 target is that a target that could be moving? And then how do you think about appointing more agents relative to I guess your goal of getting to $5 billion in direct premiums by 2015?
Steve Johnston: Well, we set that goal of 134 late last year, based on the continuous contribution we wanted to see agencies make towards the $5 billion goal. Each one of the, now 129, field territories analyzed what they've needed to do to contribute to the premium growth that we needed, talk to the agencies in those areas. And determine whether or not based on what the agencies that have already been appointed have committed that they could do in terms of new business and overall written premium, how many more agencies we need to appoint. We make a point that based on the 134, while to guess many of those agencies appointed earlier in the year. I don't think it will change much. I think it will probably come in right at that level at the end of this year. So it's going as planned. We just accelerate the appointments as quickly as we can, once we know that we're going to make them.
Ray Iardella - Macquarie: And when you guys think you'll be setting a target in terms of agency appointments for next year? Is that something already in the back of your mind?
Mike Sewell: Yes, it is. We have probably in the next couple of three weeks we go into our planning sessions. We'll assess where we are and start putting pencil to paper in that regard here in the next couple weeks.
Ray Iardella - Macquarie: And then I guess in terms of the Life business, I mean premium is up a little bit there. I mean has that been a contribution from the new agency appointments or is that just you're seeing a little bit more interest? I know it's a relatively small part of the business, but just curious what's going on that side?
Steve Johnston: I think it's been a combination of both. I think they've been doing a good job in the life company of both supporting new agencies and achieving organic growth, the same agent growth so to speak. Worksite term is another product that we have really focused on in terms of the growth and I think that's contributing as well. And Mike, may have a few comments to add as well.
Mike Sewell: On the universal life policies from collected cash is up about 11.5%. Each quarter we do unlock interest rates, not to get too technical on you, but when we do that there is an adjustment on the load upfront, which affects the premiums and the deferred acquisition cost. So you'll see that those kind of offset a little bit. But where we then end up with the bottomline changes here this quarter of about $1 million. But we're on pace and doing pretty well with the life company, and it should end up where we've planned it to be for the year.
Eric Matthews: I'd just add to it. About 70% of our life insurance premiums come from property and casualty agency appointments. And almost without exception, when we're making some of those 134 appointments, we're visiting with them about the potential to write life insurance at same time we talk about P&C.
Ray Iardella - Macquarie: I think, Steve, you had talk about the price increases in the second quarter and that being inclusive of the three year policies. Has the attractiveness to consumers, to your insureds of the three year policies increased this year or have you seen any meaningful shift in that business relative to the one year policies?
Steve Johnston: I think it's always been attractive, especially to a certain type of clientele, who really wants to focus on their business and make their insurance buying decisions once every three years. So I think it's maybe a little bit more important now. But I think it's always throughout our history been an important feature that we offer.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: A couple of questions. One is related to last year's storms. If you look at travelers for all states numbers, they had some significant reserve release associated with overbooking last year's storms. Are you still thinking it's too early to call those reserves? Are you thinking that you got it right the first time? Where do you stand on cat reserve for 2011?
Steve Johnston: I'll turn it over to Marty Mullen to handle that one. But I think we've been pretty steady, pretty conservative, have seen some favorable development on last year. But I'll turn it over to Marty to see if he'd want to add anything in addition to that.
Marty Mullen: Thanks, Steve. Yes, Josh, we feel really confident about our ultimate projections for this 2011 storms, especially cat 46 and 48, those are two strong storms of last year. But we're feeling like they're trending in the accurate and positive direction, and we feel like those ultimate projections are holding up very well.
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank: So you're saying that you're confident you got it right the first time or you're confident you were conservative the first time?
Marty Mullen: I think the ultimate was right about on target the first time. We're still getting some small new claim activity, but it's less than probably five claims a week.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: The other question for Marty Hollenbeck. Looking at the investment yields, from beginning of the year it seems an aggregate, maybe my numbers are a little more crude than yours. It's fallen by about 40 basis points, which is about as much as fall in the last three years combined. Is there something happening right now in the portfolio that's causing acceleration in yield decline or am I just like reading too much into it?
Marty Hollenbeck: No, Josh, we're not really seeing a decline. Actually it's been fairly steady. Book yield is the metric I monitor. That's kind of the embedded yield in the portfolio. It's down 20 basis points from last year. It has been ranging from say 5 to 8 for a number of quarters here. We are seeing a little bit on the embedded yield in our bonds that we lose to maturity or call that has slowed a little bit. But obviously new money rates as you know with the 10 year down around the 1.4, 1.5 area, we're just not getting any relief on that front. Maybe you are looking stock and bonds. We have accelerated a little bit this year our equity purchases. We've been net sellers of common stocks I think every year since just prior the crisis. So we are starting to pick that up a little bit this year. I think in the quarter we probably averaged around 3.5 and 3.6 pre-tax yield on new equity purchases and about 3.7 again pre-tax on new fixed income money. So the decline in my opinion is not accelerating at this point.
Steve Johnston: I have been thinking about your cat question a little bit here. One thing, keep in mind just for modeling purposes and so forth, and I don't know specifically about other companies. But we did get into our cat reinsurers last year. So to the extent we have a movement in the estimate on a direct basis. If we see it at 95% say in the layer that those two big cats hit any movement and our estimate now will only be about 5% in the total, if you see what I'm saying.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent DeAugustino of Stifel Nicolaus.
Vincent DeAugustino - Stifel Nicolaus.: Last quarter we had talked about personal auto loss cost trends, it's still being rather benign. But if I'm taking a look at the core loss ratio, it ticked up about 11 points year-over-year and then in 1Q '12 it ticked up by about 4 or 5 points. So kind of curious if there was maybe some non-cat hail or something along those lines this quarter that would've pushed auto up or if there was maybe any sort of observable change in loss cost trends more recently?
Steve Johnston: I have to say as I review our financials and was looking at things of every number in there and that personal auto got my attention as much as anything. Especially, after we've seen some deterioration in personal auto results for some others in the industry. As we dug into it, there was a lot of moving parts in there as you mentioned, you've got cat, different kinds of weather. So we tried to just drill down with all the noise going on to what we saw in terms of the non-cat paid losses. And as we looked at that for the second quarter the non-cat paid loss ratio was up 1 point from it was second quarter a year ago. On a six-month basis it's actually down seven-tenths of a point from the first half of last year. But we're going to continuing, we've been taking rates in the low single-digits. I think with this new information we're going to continue to analyze and keep a very close eye on that one to make sure that we're maintaining price adequacy.
Vincent DeAugustino - Stifel Nicolaus: And then sticking within Personal Lines. If we think about homeowners, is it easier from a regulatory standpoint and also from an agent and customer standpoint to get tougher in terms and conditions or maybe implementing a higher deductible requirements or anything aside from pushing from a rate standpoint, is it just easier than getting the rate approvals?
Mike Sewell: I think they're both about the same to tell you the truth. I think obviously, with terms and conditions it's a contract language and you really have to make sure that everything is communicated very clearly, and make sure everything is filed appropriately. But I don't see too much of a difference in terms of the regulatory approval process in terms of terms and conditions versus rates with just kind of amplification that you really do need to make sure that everything is properly communicated.
Vincent DeAugustino - Stifel Nicolaus: Then one last one if I may. What was the audit premium benefit to workers comp in the quarter? I think commercial casualty and work comp together was a favorable $9 million. But just curious if you have the split or will be willing to say what it was?
Steve Johnston: Well, I've seen it. I know the $9 million in total. We're just kind of scrambling around for our numbers here, because we've got a couple of notebooks, and I think we have it, but I don't have it at my fingertip.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ron Bobman with Capital Returns.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: I had a couple of questions. I was curious to know, are you doing anything, sorry if I missed this, on homeowners' deductibles?
Steve Johnston: Homeowners' deductibles, we are certainly over a period of time have been moving our homeowners' deductibles up, and in fact now we have over 40%, probably over 43% of the current in-force book at a $1,000 deductible or higher. Virtually everything is over $500, and we're continuing to look at what we might be able to do more and certainly to keep that trend continuing.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: Do you have a goal a year from now for it to be a specific or a ballpark percentage over $1,000?
Steve Johnston: We do not have a goal at this time. We have been looking in addition to rate, looking at all non-rate ways that we can improve the results in homeowners', in our way that we handle catastrophe losses and so forth. But at this point, we do not have a specific quantified target.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: I don't think you're sort of a licensed player in this business, but as a city folk asking people in the Heartland, do you wrote any crop?
Steve Johnston: We do not write crop. We're still reading a lot about it because we see our fields. I've got about 50 acres of beans and its turning brown. So we read a lot about it and we don't write it.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: My last question was I think the late June storms, June 27, 28, something like that, running until almost early July, the first day or so of July, we'll call these just Derecho, and I was wondering if your sort of loss provisioned for second quarter is going to include currently your loss estimate for that event or will some sort of portion of it be apportioned or we have a new provision to some degree in the third quarter?
Steve Johnston: That's a great question, because as soon as someone seen that storm coming in, I was on the line to Marty and we only want to provide for losses that occurred up to June, 30 in terms of our second quarter results. Any losses that happen subsequent to June 30 will go into the third quarter results. So we are tracking that. To this point, I haven't seen that rise to a level of materiality yet but maybe I don't know if, Marty Mullen, want to comment anymore on that.
Marty Mullen: I'll just give you an update on cat, was expanded in early July to 10 states, it's actually June 28 through July 2. Our main states involved in the cadre, Indiana, Ohio and Virginia. Our claim count kind of breaks down to about 60% of all of our claims in Ohio and 14% in Virginia. About 80% of those claims are Personal Lines and 20% Commercial. We've got about 51% of our claims are closed. I think one thing that's kind of unusual about that claim is most of the claims are wind related and about 40% of the claims with incurred on them are under $2,500. Although, we have our share of commercial losses with wind damage, there is also a lot of Personal Lines claims with small incurred.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: It's impressive I guess 51% close within less than 30 days that's great, I mean from the customer service perspective.
Marty Mullen: Well, I guess it's a good news bad news. Ohio is our largest state. So we have a lot of business in premium there. But we also have a lot of our top-notch field claim representatives, the majority in Ohio so we have a lot of feet on the ground to handle those claims.
Mike Sewell: So before we go to the next caller I'd just like to go back, Vincent had asked a question related to the effects of audit premiums and for the quarter, the effects or the audit premiums for the quarter was almost $15 million. $23.5 million for the six months, which when you look at the six months, it's about $15 million increase over the prior year, $5 million for the quarter. So I just want to get that out there.
Operator: Your question comes from Scott Heleniak of RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Just wondering if you're seeing any competitors that are rolling back some of the price increases, that they had in Q1 because there were too significant. So did you see any of that in Q2 where maybe they had a double-digit rate increases in Q1 and they rolled that back to 6% or 7%, of that had any kind of impact on your business at all or retentions?
Steve Johnston: No, I did not see any of that.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: What were the retentions by segment, do you have that number at all?
Steve Johnston: I think we had them, they were stable. They are going to be up close to the 90% range, varying a little bit slightly lower for Commercial Lines, slightly higher for Personal.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: The only other question I had was you mentioned, increasing expose your equities, could you could you talk about how much you deployed either in second quarter or first quarter? And how likely we might be able to see equities at the higher end of the 25% to 30% range, that you've talked about before?
Mike Sewell: Sure. For the first quarter common stocks, we were net sellers and this is a very round number of around $24 million. For the second quarter, we were net purchasers of around $87 million. I think for us to get to that 30% in the short-term would probably take some help from the market, obviously, an increase in prices as well as possibly, if interest rates go up the value of the bond portfolio comes down. We're not being aggressive though about this. Obviously, with interest rates where they are, we find the cut equities that we buy that you're very familiar with, very attractive, both on a pre-tax and after-tax basis. So we're not in all our push. We're still very committed to putting new money into the bond portfolio, and building latter portfolio over time, has kind of been our strategy.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Rohrmann of KBW.
Matt Rohrmann - KBW: Steve, most of my questions has been answered, but I just wanted to follow-up on, sort of, the continued revisions within the property book. Second quarter I know has been frustrating in last couple of years. In terms, of how you view the concentrations in the submarkets within a pretty. Has that changed much in terms of how you view it for the book today, as it stanza versus a year ago on a note. It's not exactly apples-to-apples on the weather, by a long shot, but your thoughts there in terms of your handling concentration, managing that going forward?
Steve Johnston: I'll take an early step and then I'm going to turn over to J.F. because he's been doing, again, lot of great work in that area. We have been getting good organic growth as you've seen in the results. We are focusing on increasing our geographic footprint, our diversification by agency in terms of where the business comes from. I might talk about homeowners just a little bit before I turn it over to J.F.  And that we recognized that we have a concentration issue. For example, our top-six states for homeowners, that the Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Kentucky, Alabama, and Georgia they represent over two-thirds, about 67.3% of our homeowners' premium. And those states, we actually saw new business down 4.4%. So the growth in new business that you see in our published financials came outside of the states where we have the geographic concentration. And so that is part of our strategy to spread our footprint and diversify our catastrophe risk. And so I was just trying to put a little color on, in terms of numbers on the homeowner side of it, and I'll turn it over to J.F. for the second.
J.F. Scherer: Matt, just on the Commercial Line side, just to give you a little bit of perspective, on commercial property it would exclude inland marine. Our five-year average cat loss ratio on that is about 13.6 points. If you take our ex-cat net underwriting results for property through year-to-date, we're running at if we were to have average cat, at about 105 combined ratio for commercial property. It's not horrible, considering the kind of cats that we've had, but it's certainly not satisfactory. So we are expanding geographically, but honestly the population of Idaho and Utah and Oregon, that alone is not enough to balance out the kinds of concentrations, we have more in the Midwest. So we're trying to spend a lot more time here in the Midwest trying to identify ways in addition to rate and property rates are solidly getting into the upper single-digit ranges, and they're accelerating.  But we've got a lot going on with deductible increases in property, a lot more discussion in the marketplace about percentage deductibles. There is a tolerance on that though. In coastal areas, people are used to 2% and 5% win deductibles, in the Midwest they are not, but there's a lot more discussion there. We're taking a lot closer look at habitational risks, apartments, condos, all type of things that have asphalt shingles, very much susceptible to hail types of claims. Those are areas where we're looking at much stronger deductibles. Less owner risk only property, you may hear a lot of other carriers talk about that, but in addition to rough exposures there, we've spend a lot more time verifying through inspections and loss control, who the tenants are? Whether or not during these tougher economic times, maintenance might have deteriorated. Claim specialization is part of what we're doing in the property area, as well. And I mentioned loss control but specifically, in terms of inspections we're doing a lot more in that area and adding a lot more in loss control. So the solution to property filling the Commercial Line side, it's not monumental. We want that combined ratio including tax to be in the 90 range. We think we are that kind of company, but there is a lot other moving parts to trigger it there.
Matt Rohrmann - KBW: Just in terms of lot of you touched with, sort of, more at the micro level which is great, and in terms of middle to more macro level. Are there any, sort of, like portfolio specifications in terms of, you are a only write say, X amount of business per county or zipcode or street or how do we define it?
Steve Johnston: We do have loss tolerances in place. We look at that. It may not be quite as green orders as to where we are heading, but we are steadying that in terms of down to a street level or zip code level. At this point, it's more driven by a state or a marketing territory, more at that level.
Operator: Your next question comes from Drew Woodbury of Morningstar.
Drew Woodbury - Morningstar: I was wondering if you guys could talk a little bit more about your appetite for new business. Just given where we are in the pricing cycle, and looking at your accident year ex-cat ratio of above 100%, wondering if you could talk a little bit in more detail about how you're adding to your book?
Steve Johnston: Again, kind of to reiterate the comments I may have made on homeowners before. We are getting new business. A lot of that new business is coming from areas that are outside of our traditional footprint. We do feel that in terms of our pricing and looking at our models that we are in place that we have or will have price adequacy. I think with homeowners is an example. Coming up October 1, we have 14 states that I think represent over 80% of our premium volume. We'll be getting double-digit, low double-digit increases on average over those 14 states. And in fact certain segments within there will be getting much more. So we feel this next round will put us in a place that we feel we're adequately priced to cover the expected losses that we'll have. And so again, in terms of the new business, I would not want anybody to think that we are in agencies writing more new business, because we are under priced. It's more that we are expanding out into new agencies, new territories, and we feel that the rate levels that we have in place are at the appropriate place or will be shortly.
Drew Woodbury - Morningstar: And then my next question is, kind of, a bigger picture, a longer term, one about investments, specifically about the equity allocation. So with pricing maybe getting a little bit better and if that trend continues in the future, and we eventually see something maybe hardening market with robust price increases. Have you guys given any thought to lowering the equity allocation or to invest more in policies and writing new business there? And if you could just talk a little bit about your thought process in the trade off between those two types of investments?
Mike Sewell: I'll just start about the equity allocation. We're a little over 25%, now. Historically, if you follow us for a while and that number five years ago was probably 54%, 55%. So we're actually at a very much the low range of our historical norm. We're not uncomfortable. We don't even like it, hit this level. As it was mentioned earlier, if we went to 30%, that would be okay as well. We're not going to go back to having half the portfolio in common stocks, but we invest consistently overtime, and I don't see us selling down below 25% nor much higher than 30% of the portfolio. Again, we believe in the long-term, growth aspects of the type of the stocks we have, and again, the income component of it doesn't get mentioned off, but it's just as important as the growth aspect of it. So I'll let Steve, comment on the underwriting piece.
Steve Johnston: I guess, I would just add right on that everything that Marty, said is that we have been conservative with our balance sheet. Currently, we're running premium surplus ratio of just under 0.9% to 1%. We have an additional $1 billion plus in cash and marketable securities at the holding company. So we keep that conservative balance sheet, so that we're in place. So we can both support our growth goals and our investments in capital management strategies. So I think given where we are in terms of a very strong balance sheet, we're in a position to grow profitably, invest for long-term and do our capital management dividend paying and so forth.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Ian Gutterman of Adage Capital.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: I had a question on new business and then on cats. I guess, on new business first, Steve, you personally said that your new business largely came from agents added in the last 18 months. Can you just put some numbers around that how much of your new business actually is from the newer agents?
Steve Johnston: I believe we have that number, and I think J.F. is going through his sheets and paper. So I'll do my best to tap dance here for a while.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Maybe, I can ask the related question while you look at the exact number, which is you said that the new business is based on your analytics. The new business is priced better than renewal. How do you measure that? I mean, I thought new pricing is very hard to sort of have confidence given you can't see the kind of history you can see on your own businesses as far as claims and so forth?
Steve Johnston: That price adequacy is very much held by our models, and I think for both of those questions, J.F. is very well prepared at this point.
J.F. Scherer: Let me just address the new business and the price adequacy. We model our entire book of business. It's on the books as well as in every single policy that's written on a monthly basis. So when we write new basis, we know based on the models we're using, what the price adequacy of those risks should be. Now, the model doesn't answer a 100% of the question, in terms of full quality of the account. It's a huge contributor to it, but there are lot of other things that you might call non-model attributes. So we take that down to the policy levels, and so actually, if you can do that we can take it down to the agency level, to the field territory level, to the state level. The fact of the matter is that in terms of all the new business we've written in 2012 to date, agencies appointed in 2010 and 2011, the business we've written from those folks has been most price adequate, of all the new business we've written throughout the year. So we're pleased with the amount of new business we're getting. Frankly, we would expect to write slightly more new business, based on the new agencies that we've appointed and the conversations with agencies we've had. But that is one area where we monitor, very granularly the direction that we've gone in terms of pricing of the new accounts that we've written. So we meet monthly on that. So we're comfortable that, though, a new business is up, it's not at the expense of underwriting profitability.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: So can you sort of, explain why the business is in the market place, if you will, at that attractive price? And I guess, I'm used to thinking of you being is sort of new business penalty right. And that business is being sharp is partly because it's not priced as well as someone's renewal books. So what's allowing you to see business of such high quality, rather than staying where it was?
J.F. Scherer: There is always possibility for the new business penalty. We understand that, and monitor it. I guess, there will be a variety of reasons. When you appoint a group of agencies or appoint an agency, we make it very clear in the appointment process that we expect to be a meaningful part of the agency. One way of the agency making that happen, is to consolidate the number of carriers they have in the agency. So we may be given an opportunity to look at business, simply because they want to cut down the number of carriers they have. Some carriers in the marketplace have announced that they're going to take a very, very tough pricing approach. That they are going to get a minimum rate increase on all of their renewals, translation, agency shops most of that business just to be on guard, so we some business because of that. The three-year policy is a significant advantage, I guess, or certainly an important thing for an agency, right now. There is an expectation that pricing increases will continue, that the market will continue firm for a while. So therefore, an agency would might want to put the policyholder with us on a three-year guarantee. So all of those things together, give us an opportunity to see very good business in the marketplace.
Mike Sewell: I want to add just a couple of more thoughts in there. One is, that we actually have two different models, one for new business, one for renewals. So to the extent that you can get different information from a renewal piece of business, versus a new piece of business, we have a model for new business that churns in specifically on the particular information that we can get for new business. And then, I think in terms of the new businesses that's available to us, and I kind of try to touch on it in my opening comments is that, that the model allows us to really analyze the new business that's presented to us, and have confidence to go after the ones that we want to go after. But also have confidence to walk away from the ones that would historically create a new business penalty.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: And then I have actually did, a preface calculations, do you have that number on how much of the new business from the newer agents?
Steve Johnston: We wrote both in Commercial and Personal Lines, $21.6 million in agencies that have been appointed in 2011 and 2012.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: And then on the cats, I know it's only as trickier to use sort of, market shares and try to estimate heap of cats, but I guess just sort of wondering, what your take is on your cats relative to the industry this quarter? And what I was looking at is, if you start what the big picture I saw, I think of using a $6 billion, $7 billion cat number, and the odds are like $8 billion. If I look at some of your competitor's cats and extrapolate from their stake market shares, as they come and start to move up to maybe 10, 12. But based on your market share analysis, that was playing $20 billion or $25 billion of industry cat losses, which makes to seem like you performed, sort of, worse than your share would have indicated. Do you agree with that? Or is it just stake market share is obviously a very broad tool, and if I add county market share, you'd look more normal or was this little bit outsized quarter for you guys relative to what it should have been?
Steve Johnston: I have been analyzing this myself. And I think that stake market share is broad, and maybe, just kind of describing how the rates are made, we'll just take homeowners. It might answer the question a little bit. And that, the way we provide for the cat provision is we used RMS version 11, they are most recent up-to-date model. One that is pretty conservative. But we use the RMS version 11 model. We then put in at a very granular level, right down to the street address, our current exposures. What is the coverage area and all the characteristics of the houses that we write, so that we have both a current model and a current picture of our exposures. The model is run at numerous scenarios, thousands of scenarios are generated and we come up with an expected value for catastrophe losses, and that is what we build into our rate level. So it's not our last 20 years of history or our last 10 or any years of history, it's what does the most recent model show. And so then we're at a point where we're comparing, what actually happens versus what did we built into the models. And I just think as we look at overall, in terms, of where these catastrophes happened versus where our footprint is, it just happened to be more in line with where we were and produced outsize losses vis-à-vis what we're building in, and in terms of expected losses for cats.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: And is there anything when I look at sort of, your long-term history versus the past two or three years, wondering has been sort of these elevated industry losses. It seems relative to your own history, the Commercial has been a little bit more impacted than Personal. Historically, is that accurate? I know you talked about homeowners changes you're making, are there any changes you're seeing necessary on the commercial property side?
Marty Mullen: Actually on the Commercial side, we did have two storms that were kind of outlined on the Commercial piece. We got hit pretty hard on the Commercial side. In Joplin last year, we were hit in the city, actual city areas where we hit some Commercial activity and large Commercial losses, which is pretty much an outlier for us in a cat situation. This year, in our first cat in April, we had our share of Commercial losses in St. Louis from the hail damage. That was pretty much more than 50% of the losses in St. Louis on the incurred basis from cat, pretty much related to Commercial. So with those two were outliers, as far as individual storms are concerned.
Ian: So it sounds more like bad luck necessary, than a new front or any change?
Gutterman - Adage Capital: So it sounds more like bad luck necessary, than a new front or any change?
Steve Johnston: Well, we never attribute anything to bad luck. I think it may even be bad luck, but we're not going to accept it within, hearing that that's the answer, because it's natural. When things don't go your way; say, well, luck was against us, and when things go your way, it was due to your extreme skill and expertise.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: I understood. I just wanted to make sure there wasn't anything beyond that that you identify as a concern.
Operator: Your next question comes from Fred Nelson of Crowell, Weedon.
Fred Nelson - Crowell, Weedon: My question is on the book value, is that an after-tax book-value as you deducted the gains, if you sold everything or can you explain in little more detail?
Mike Sewell: Yes. That is a after-tax book value.
Fred Nelson - Crowell, Weedon: And if you add it back, would it be $2 more $3 more?
Steve Johnston: The tax impacts on investments are unrealized gains.
Mike Sewell: We're taxed at 35% for our realized gains.
Fred Nelson - Crowell, Weedon: But I just want to know if you had it figured, what you would add back. I mean it must be a pretty good figure?
Mike Sewell: It's a pretty good figure. The 35% of that unrealized gain.
Fred Nelson - Crowell, Weedon: Well, you don't have to give it to me. I just wanted to know if I was correct on my thought process.
Mike Sewell: Yes, absolutely are.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to Mr. Johnston for closing remarks.
Steve Johnston: Thank you. And thanks to all of you for joining us. Thanks for the great interest in our company and great questions and we appreciate it. And we look forward to talking to you on our next call if not before.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Dennis McDaniel - VP, IR Steve Johnston - President & CEO Mike Sewell - CFO, SVP & Treasurer Steve Johnston - President & CEO J.F. Scherer - EVP 
Analyst:  Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse Vincent DeAugustino - Stifel Nicolaus
 : Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill Ron Bobman - Capital Returns Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Matt Rohrmann - KBW Michael Zaremski - Credit Suisse Ron Bodman - Capital Returns  Josh Shanker  
Operator: Good morning. My name is Mike, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the First Quarter 2012 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer for Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results along with our supplemental financial package, including the final version of our quarter-end investment portfolio. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our Investor website, www.cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is the quarterly results link in the navigation menu on the far left. On this call, you'll first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including Executive Committee Chairman, Jack Schiff Jr.; Chairman of the Board, Ken Stecher; Executive Vice President, J.F. Scherer; Principal Accounting Officer, Eric Matthews; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Chief Claims Officer, Martin Mullen. Please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules, and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our first quarter results. We posted a strong first quarter with nice premium growth, and most importantly, we grew profitably. Investment performance was also strong and we more than covered our dividend with operating earnings, allowing us to grow book value. Previously announced catastrophe losses at 11.1 loss ratio points were more than three times higher than our long-term average for the first quarter, and yet we produced an underwriting profit with a 99.1% combined ratio. We continue to earn higher pricing and healthy level of premium growth in all of our property casualty segments. In our Life Insurance segments, earned premiums rose at a double-digit pace during the first quarter. Our ability to deliver more precise pricing through analytics and our strong underwriting combined with more favorable market conditions also continue to give us confidence that our premium growth meets our criteria for profitability. Commercial Lines renewal pricing was a notch above what we experienced in the fourth quarter, with an overall average increase in the low to mid-single-digit range. Workers compensation led the way with just over a 10% increase in our smaller commercial property policies that renewed during the first quarter were in the high single-digit range. For our Excess and Surplus line segment, renewal prices increased for the 19th consecutive month and were up in the high single-digit range for the first quarter. Our Personal Lines business is also benefiting from rate increases over successive years and renewal premiums rose 12% in the first quarter. Policy retention continues to remain steady for each of our property casualty segments and new businesses continuing is contributing to premium growth. New business premiums rose 6% with the more newly appointed agencies driving that growth. Our goal for new agency appointments during 2012 is 130 and we appointed 56 new agencies in the first quarter. That puts us at over 40% of the full year target. We've been out visiting with agents at our annual sales meetings. So far we have met with agencies from 25 states and in May, we'll have meetings with the agents in the balance of our states. It is encouraging to see how skilled our agents are at conveying the value of our products and services and they continue to work with us to implement price increases where they are needed. Our pricing analytics are helpful in distinguishing the more attractive new business opportunities from the less attractive ones giving us a good sense of when to walk away from business that we believe is underpriced. Loss experience that was favorable in many respects, added to the benefits we are seeing from better pricing. Paid losses other than catastrophes were down 1.3%, a good sign given that earned premiums were up 7.1%. Our catastrophe losses were limited to specific areas and most of our operating territory benefited from milder than usual weather. Fewer new large losses, which we define as $250,000 or more per claim, were largely responsible for improvement in current accident year results. While we realized that large losses naturally fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, we are encouraged by overall paid loss trends, which were a big reason that we experienced favorable reserve development on older accident years. Mike will discuss that more in a moment. The first quarter provided a good start toward reaching our annual value creation ratio target of 12% to 15% with a 4.6% contribution for the first three months. While we can't expect every quarter to include so much lift from a higher investment portfolio valuation, we like our investment strategy for the long-term and we'll stay focused on what we can control such as careful underwriting, adequate pricing and excellent claim service. Now, Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell will further comment on financial items including investment results and reserves.
Mike Sewell: Thank you, Steve and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Let's begin with investment results. Investment income remained steady, largely reflecting a 2% increase in the cost basis of our bond portfolio that offset a slight decline in average yield. The pre-tax yield for our bond portfolio for the first quarter of 2012 was 12 basis points lower than a year ago. The bond portfolio effective duration remained at the year-end level of 4.4 years. Both our equity and fixed maturity portfolios experience significant valuation gains during the first quarter and pre-tax net unrealized gains for the total investment portfolio rose 15% to over 1.7 billion. Our investment approach remains consistent balancing current investment income with long-term capital appreciation potential. Our approach to loss reserving likewise remains consistent and we believe the adequacy of our reserves is as good as ever. Net favorable reserve development on prior accident years was 6.6 percentage points higher in the first quarter 2012 with nearly 40% of that favorable development coming from reserves for catastrophe losses. The first quarter 2012 ratio for favorable reserve development other than catastrophes was 26% higher than the full year 2011 ratio. The net favorable development of $116 million was broad based, spread over several accident years including 24% for accident year 2011, 32% for accident year 2010, 14% for accident year 2009, and 30% for all older accident years. Every line of business contributed to the favorable development, except for surety and executive risk line. Moving onto expenses management, I'll simply say that we continue to carefully manage expenses as demonstrated by the first quarter property casualty underwriting expense. Before agency commissions on profitable business and wage increases for good performance, both of which we're pleased to pay, other underwriting expenses were essentially flat compared with a year ago. I'll briefly touch on the effects of our adoption of the new accounting standard for deferred policy acquisition cost known as DAC, which we applied retrospectively. Adoption resulted in adjusting first quarter 2011 net income by lowering it by $1 million. Our year end 2011 DAC for our property casualty and life segments originally reported on the balance sheet was reduced by $33 million or 6% and the book value per share was reduced by $0.13 which is only 0.4%. Net cash flow from operations was strong at $148 million, up from $91 million in the first quarter of last year, and our highest first quarter level since 2008. We had our best first quarter in terms of net income since 2007. Our capital remained solid supporting growth in our insurance segments and we ended the quarter with over $1 billion in holding company cash and marketable securities. I’ll conclude my prepared comments as usual by summarizing the contributions during the first quarter to book value per share. Property casualty underwriting profit increased book value by $0.04. Life insurance operations also added $0.04. Investment income, other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance items, contributed $0.41. The change in unrealized gains at March 31 for the fixed income portfolio, net of realized gains and losses, increased book value per share by $0.20. The change in unrealized gains at March 31 for the equity portfolio, net of realized gains and losses, increased book value by $0.75 and we paid $0.4025 per share in dividends to our shareholders. The net effect was a book value increase of $1.4 during the first quarter at $32.07 per share. Adding the dividend, our value creation ratio for the quarter was 4.6%. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. Our associates and agents continue to work together to execute our strategy and to help us achieve our vision of being the best insurance company serving independent agents in the United States. We remain confident in our future and steadfast in our commitment to creating value for shareholders. With me today to answer your questions and further discuss our results and outlook are Jack Schiff Junior, Ken Stecher, J.F. Scherer, Eric Mathews, Martin Mullen, and Marty Hollenbeck. With that, Mike, we’re ready for you to open the call for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: So, in regards to expenses, I know, you guys have been guiding to a lower expense ratio for a little while now. The decline was fairly pronounced this past quarter. Can you talk about whether there were one-time items impacting the ratio and would you expect further improvement?
Mike Sewell: This is Mike Sewell, and thanks for the question, Mike. Some of that we are controlling our expenses. As you've heard, we've got our other than commissions and our salary and wages, we're controlling those costs, keeping those flat. There was really not a one-time hit that was in there. One of the items that's really helping the ratio is everything that we've been doing to drive written premiums and to increase those which in turn will affect the expense ratio. So there's really a combination of increasing written premiums and then controlling cost, overall on the non-salary and commissions.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Do those comments hold true for the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio as well which was pretty low?
Steve Johnston: Mike, this is Steve, and yes, I think, they're related and related to the level of loss activity and paid loss activity, and specifically which was down 1.3% for non-cat losses.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Lastly, how are you guys thinking about the trade-off dynamics between retention new business growth and getting increased rate and I asked because your retention levels have stayed pretty steady and certain competitors have decided to look retentions fall in order to improve overall margins?
Steve Johnston: I will start out here. I think that we look at business for the long term, we have great relationships with our agents, we have a definite fundamental purpose to improve our underwriting profit. So, we are taking rate where we think it's needed. We think it's very much on a risk-by-risk basis, and we feel that we are gaining price adequacy, we got rate in the lines that we felt needed at the most with workers comp leading the way with just over 10% increase, the smaller commercial property policies that renew annually, we got real high single digit increases there. So, we think we are getting the rate when we need it but we also think we are conveying the value that we bring as a company in terms of our service, our products, our field representation and it's allowing us, I think, to benefit from maintaining pretty good retention. As we look at it, retention is a bit lower on the risk that we would like to not be on. So, I guess, also if we look at the three-year policies, the retention there is quite high when they come off of their three year policy, we've got quite a bit of loyalty there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent DeAugustino from Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open.
Vincent DeAugustino - Stifel Nicolaus: If I look at Personal Lines on the statutory commission ratio it looks like that's grown a few points over the last few quarters and I am just curious you might be able to talk about that. I know, there was some changes to the agent compensation structure, but I thought that was going to be along the lines of pretty much being aggregate neutral?
Steve Johnston: I'll take a shot at that first. This is Steve. I think, couple things; one, we pay a little higher commission rate on our homeowners and we have been getting more rate on homeowners, which has allowed the premium to grow a little bit faster there in homeowners, so that's going to shift the mix a little bit in that direction. I think, the other, and you're right, we definitely target the profit sharing commission to remain pretty steady, and we think that's the case, so I think basically what we've seen is maybe just a bit of a shift in the mix of our commissions.
Vincent DeAugustino - Stifel Nicolaus: That's actually really helpful. Just following up again on the personal lines side, looking at the personal auto, I know, there were some adjustments that had flown through the core loss ratio last quarter, so my first question is just to make sure if there was any adjustments that I should be looking at this quarter, but if not, it looks like there was about a 5.3 point increase year-over-year in the core loss ratio, and just because ISO data seems to be trending towards higher inflation, and we're starting to hear some commentary from some of the larger auto players, I was just curious, of your thoughts in terms of loss cost inflation on auto.
Steve Johnston: What we're seeing, and really this applies to personal auto, it applies to commercial auto and really across our portfolio, and this is Steve again, we are seeing really pretty benign trends across the board. We have seen frequency down a bit, and severity up a bit, but all-in-all as we look at our trend, picking different time periods to look at trends, it's been very benign overall in the total paid loss trends. So, we feel that with the rate increases that we’re getting on a written basis, we’re making some ground.
Vincent DeAugustino - Stifel Nicolaus: So, for personal auto in 1Q 12, I should just look at the core loss ratio that’s moving around due to normal variability that should be expected?
Steve Johnston: I think there's some noise there.
Vincent DeAugustino - Stifel Nicolaus: Then if I could slide one last one in. Would you happen to know what the new money yield is on the bond portfolio?
Martin Hollenbeck: First quarter corporates, we were to hike threes, we were close to four. Municipal is about 2.625, and in government bonds, agencies around a 3.2 level.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Heleniak from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets : The first question I have was just on new business. Just wondering what kind of quote activity you’re seeing as far as new submissions? Have you seen a big uptick in that over the past couple of quarters as some of your peers kind of raise rates a little bit higher than maybe what you guys are doing? So, just first of all, just curious whether you’re seeing any big change over the past couple of quarters there.
J.F. Scherer: Yes, a substantial change in quote activity or submission activity in some areas. I would say its double, but field reps report that it’s just an enormous fee increase in submissions. Same would be true on the Excess and Surplus line side. Obviously, the hit ratio is down, we’re trying to ferret our way through all of those submissions, but it's clear that throughout the industry, carriers are pressing the price. In some cases, they're announcing that they are going to be very aggressive about their price increases which is provoking agencies to shop larger portions of books-of-business.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets : So, should we expect new business growth to tick up from these levels? It hadn't been down last sort of couple of quarters, and it was up about 6% this quarter. So, do you think pricing will rise enough that your new business growth will sort of pick up in the second half of the year?
Steve Johnston: The primary driver for the new business for us were the more newly appointed agencies over last year and this year. So we'll continue to appoint agencies. We expect to get activity there. I would presume that as rates continue to go up, the attractiveness of the stability of the Cincinnati Insurance Company, our three-year policy. We continue to do a good job in how we handle claims that's causing agencies to take a closer look at us, but we would expect modest increase quarter-over-quarter of our new business to go up.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets : You mentioned agency appointments, 56 so far this year. 130 expected for the year, obviously running ahead of schedule. Was there any particular reason why a lot of those that had that been planned for a lot of those to be appointed in the first quarter?
Steve Johnston: Yes. We've done some longer range planning in terms of growth rates that we would expect in different states, different parts of those states. We projected the number of appointments that we wanted to make this year based on conversations we've had with our agencies in those areas and the field reps in those areas, and asked the field reps to try to get all of those appointments done quicker than normal.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital:  I had a question too about just the cat loss reserve adjustments that we’ve seen over the past couple of quarters have been pretty significant. Just wondering are most of those from the 2011 year and have most of those claims been settled now so we won't see as big significant adjustments over next couple of quarters?
Marty Mullen: Right, Scott, this is Marty Mullen. Correct, most of the reserve adjustments weren’t from the cat 2011 activity, a majority of it from the early second quarter cats and third quarter Irene and Lee. However, none of the adjustments were from cat 46 Tuscaloosa or cat 48 Joplin. Those two were not touched.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital:  And just the last question was on the investment portfolio, what was the return for the equity portfolio and the fixed income portfolio in the quarter?
Marty Hollenbeck: For the equity portfolio we did 7:3. In a big up market I think the S&P did about 12.5. We tend to lag with our large cap quality although we did outperform in fourth quarter. And then for the fixed income, we break it out by asset class. Let me give you that, just a second here. For the corporate portfolio, we did 2.4 for the below investment grade portfolio which is not a particularly big portfolio for us, we did 4.25 and our muni portfolio did 70 basis points, that's our total return.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome from Sandler O'Neill. Your line is open.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill:  Obviously, I don't have a ton of data points but one of the things I have noticed so far is that the regional insurers and I would include you guys in that seem to be growing their premium significantly faster than the large national writers. Do you get the sense that you are taking share from those large nationals, or is it just too many – too few data points that I'm looking at right now?
Steven Johnston:  Paul, this is Steve and I'll give that a shot first. I don't know that I would say that and I do think its awful few data points. I do think where we're getting a lot of good growth, as J.F. mentioned earlier is we have newly appointed agents, and also we have agents in states that are relatively new to us that we're growing in, and so I would think that the appointment strategy, the geographic diversification and expansion strategy would probably explain more of the growth. I don't know that I would go to the place of saying that we're taking share away from the larger writers.
J.F. Scherer: Paul, this is J.F. I'd agree with Steve. I'd say in terms of our successes, they're pretty broad based as far as where the business is coming from.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ron Bobman from Capital Returns. Your line is open.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: I had a question about renewals, and rates are picking up and at some point we will be lapping where insurers will be faced, I presume, with policy renewals, and I'm really asking about commercial insurance, policy renewals that will have a second year of increase and I'm wondering whether that is any reason to be concerned as a stockholder in insurers and your ability to sort of perpetuate and continue this shift to higher rates? And maybe sort of a related question, is that scenario for harder for you to achieve success, than it was getting the first rate increase. So is getting the first rate increase over years of declines far harder than getting the first renewal up again? Thanks. I hope you understand my jumbled question.
Steve Johnston :  Well as you look back to some of the hard markets and the kinds of increases that occurred, they were significant and it really created a lot of disruption. What we’re seeing in our book of business, and I think by and large in the industry, they have been fairly modest rate increases that are coming across for policyholders. So, having experienced a 3 to 4% increase, I'll pick that number out of the air, for a policyholder and then next year, something probably more than that, has been more palatable. What we’re seeing in our commercial book is that the economy is starting to show some signs of improvement. Payrolls and sales are going up, agents are conditioned and more prepared to deliver increases as long as they are not really significant.  And so, I would not anticipate. In fact, I think we're going into the rest of this year, next year knowing that rates will or at least based on what we’re seeing, that rates will continue to go up. We’re confident that we’ll be able to place those. We take a look at every renewal policy by policy and make certain that we’re as surgically as you can be, surgical about the approach that we take.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman from Adage Capital. Your line is open. 
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Hi good morning everyone. Just to clarify, I think you guys said that about 40% of the reserve releases were from cat events, and when I look at the press release, it shows 22 million, which should be about 20% of your leases. What's the other 20%? 
Steve Johnston :  And I think the way I look at in terms of the favorable development here is maybe just a little bit of a higher level. We had about 116 million all in favorable development this first quarter. That's up 58 million from where we were the first quarter a year ago. Not that 58 million increase, 51 million of it came from what I call the property-oriented lines. Home runners, for example, there was 8 million difference there, there was 28 million in commercial property and 15 million in special properties which is what programs is what our Bob is.  I think what happened is, a year ago in terms of the comparative in the end of 2010 there were some pretty late catastrophes including like a hailstorm out in Phoenix and so forth and we actually had adverse development on those property lines in the first quarter of '11. This year and again with the large number of catastrophes that we had last year, the two largest in our history, we're working with a lot of larger dollars. We saw the favorable development. So of that 58 million in our overall increase in favorable development, 51 million of it came from the property short tail lines.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Okay guys. Now I understand. Also just want to clarify some things on the weather and large losses in the quarter. You mentioned obviously the favorable weather is kind of like non-cats were lower than normal. If I recall last year, they were higher than normal. Is there a way to get a sense for either how much an improvement it was year-over-year or just how much better than plan it was? What was the benefit from the non-cat weather in the quarter?
Steve Johnston :  Yes, I think I'll give it a start and Marty will fill in here. We don't have non-cat across the board, because we touched on some of the catastrophe losses that we had this quarter were in a pretty specific area and overall over the broad spectrum of our territories we really did have pretty mild weather and so that's going to have an influence on that.
Marty Hollenbeck :  That's right Steve. And just as a quick follow-up. Our non-cat weather in the commercial lines was down in loss just over 60% non-cat weather in commercial. And in the actually quarter, we saw a significant decrease in the new commercial fires over in the first quarter 2011.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Okay and that's what I was wondering also. I mean, normally when I think of sort of that large loss disclosure you give, I think of that as being independent of weather. That's just the normal like you said fire losses and things like that that are unpredictable. Was that the case this quarter or was there some kind of correlation that the good weather somehow led to us fire losses or are they independent?
Steve Johnston : I think it's just a good quarter. We had significant high number of commercial fires in the first quarter last year and that number and dollar loss has significantly declined in this quarter.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: So, basically, two pieces of good luck to offset, the bad luck on the cash.
Steve Johnston : Absolutely. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Matt Rohrmann from KBW. Your line is open.
Matt Rohrmann - KBW: Just again want to say really impressive job from all the Cincinnati folks at the agent meetings, and just wanted to actually follow-up on that a little bit. Obviously, the rate increases are great and you guys are getting some really solid growth. I know those meetings you had mentioned looking at growth in lines like umbrella, marine, surety, non-profit, D&O. Just wondering as you look ahead to some future agency appointments, how much of the appointment strategy goes into looking at those or other lines specifically?
J.F. Scherer : We really tried to appoint a generalist agency and we think that within that scope, the kind of agencies that you would meet at those meetings, they write across the board, all of those lines of business. So it would be an unusual circumstance for example, excuse the umbrella line that's an example. But you have an agency that specializes or has an outsized amount in that area.  So what we continue to do is a new appointment strategy is look for centers of influence in the community, agencies that are broad based in what they write, first lines as well as commercial lines, excess and surplus lines, and then go in and do our best to appeal across the board. And specifically because those lines of business that you had mentioned are especially profitable, ask for lots of opportunities in those areas.
Matt Rohrmann - KBW: Okay great. For those lines I know you guys have a lot of detail in the supplementary. Any lines kind of looking forward past 1Q where you see sort of a further divergence in your ability to get additional rate coupled with a decline in loss trends?
J.F. Scherer : Well, Steve had mentioned, obviously in the workers' comp area we're getting double digits, slightly more than 10% increases on renewed business there. We’re seeing an acceleration in our ability to get higher rate in property, as you could imagine, with the storms across the country and policyholders are prepared for, we’d expect increases in that particular area as well. Commercial auto we’re doing well in that line as well. So, those would be the three that I would point out that we are having some good luck in those areas.
Matt Rohrmann - KBW: And J.F. of the favorable losses on property, there was plenty of weather last year. But not a non-cat basis and I know you guys have been doing a lot of work on the workers’ comp side for a few years now, but loss trends have been in line with expectations thus far through the year?
J.F. Scherer : As far as non-cat losses?
Matt Rohrmann - KBW:  Yes.
J.F. Scherer : Yes and I think it has been in line. We think we can continue to improve some areas. We’re focusing on property, non-cat property in terms of greater loss control, more inspections in addition to rate, but also making certain that we have a confirmation that we know exactly what we’re writing. I think everybody would recognize over the last few years, that the economy has taken its toll on property, in that there are a lot more vacant properties and there are tenant properties that might be unplanned. So, those are all areas that in addition to rates we’re making plans to make improvements.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Michael Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Quick follow up, in regards to the investment portfolio dynamics, should we not expect much of a decline in the absolute levels of investment income given the strong revenue growth? I didn't get the math. I haven't done the math that Marty stated earlier on the call?
Steve Johnston: Yes, we've written it down. As you know a lot of insurance companies are declining book yields. Our book yield declined six basis points last quarter and that's kind of in line with what we've been seeing last few years. That's been offset by the dividend increases in the portfolio.  However, that portfolio shrank a little bit in the last 12 months. There's a lot of moving parts here. Obviously, we pay our dividend, that's the money not available to reinvest. So, there's a lot going and we've been able to successfully tread water to the primary drivers. In fact, we've gotten very strong dividend increases out of our portfolio, which is our strategy.
Michael Zaremski - Credit Suisse: So, the answer kind of treading water probably continues?
Steve Johnston: By and large. I would say that our decline in book yield, the bonds we've been losing to calls has generally come in that yields, that piece of it is declining. New money rates haven't really spiked up much, periodically when they come back, 10 years now around (inaudible). So, yields are particularly attractive right now. So, certainly we love to grow it organically and profitable quarters do help that. So our goal is to squeeze out a small gain, yes.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ron Bodman from Capital Returns. Your line is open.
Ron Bodman - Capital Returns : Hi thanks. I felt like we've been, as investors and followers of the industry trained to this concept that new business is always priced below renewal business because of the competitive aspect, I guess. But now I believe there is a couple of other insurance companies talk about the rate differential between new business and renewal business being higher in the case of new business. It's now sort of flip-flop and that these companies were commenting that they are now pricing new business at rates above like-for-like business on a renewal basis. Would you comment at all that what you were seeing in your book-of-business, again commercial lines, with these relativities?
Steve Johnston : No good question Ron. I think that they are pretty close together to tell you the truth and maybe some variation by line. I think one thing that's helped with the new business pricing is the deployment of the analytics we use and we get a lot more information a lot more intelligence on which pieces of new business to write and which pieces to walk away from, where is the walk away price.  And one line in particular I would like to point out is workers compensation where we actually feel in that line, that the quality or the price adequacy of the new business is better than the renewal business. So that we're moving the mix in that regard, but all-in-all I would say that they are pretty close.
Ron Bodman - Capital Returns : And what would you have answered that, and what was that relative a year ago, new versus renewal? Was new deficient relative to renewal?
Steve Johnston : That's a pretty tough question. We've been rolling out the analytics. As J.F. mentioned working on inspecting risk and knowing what we're writing. I think we're still being closed, but I think we're getting better and better all the time.
J.F. Scherer: I would I would agree with that, all new business there continues to be quite a bit of competition. And so when they a very good account makes it into the market place for re-pricing, there is still a lot of competition. As Steve said, the guidepost of analytics for us has much improved our ability to price the account closer to the price adequacy ratio that we need on the new piece of business.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker, your line is open.
Josh Shanker : Good morning everyone. I'm looking forward to the modeling this, but I'm having a little bit of difficulty, because the change in combined ratio came so suddenly in 4Q and this Q. I'm trying to figure out why the lack of gradualism and does it mean that there might be some back and forth or are you looking year-over-year, how should I think about that?
Steve Johnston : I think the way we look at it is we're looking at the accident year ex-cat for the first quarter and comparing it to the full year of 2011. We see in that metric a 4.9% improvement. We went from 73 down to 68.1. So a 4.9 point improvement in the ex-cat accident year loss ratio. Of that 4.9 point improvement, 4.1 points of it came from as Marty Mullen mentioned earlier, less large losses which we define as 250,000 per claim or more. So a lot of it was explained by fewer large losses.
Josh Shanker : So, when I think about that and to the extent to which large losses were elevated in 1Q, '11. I mean I guess it’s lumpy, but would you say that you have less large losses this quarter than you usually experienced and a lot more than you usually experienced in 1Q, and maybe cut the baby in half or something? How should I swear then just thinking about your business and that how large loss affect those numbers?
Steve Johnston : I think you would say that we did have less large loss this first quarter. We tend to look at the base as the full access year of 2011, but I think all-in-all, things were pretty favorable this first quarter in terms of large losses.
Josh Shanker : And so do you think that along with same lines it was 1Q '11 particularly unfavorable in terms of large losses?
Steve Johnston : I don't have that number right here in front of me but I think the answer is yes.
Operator:  There are no further questions at this time. Mr. Steve Johnston, I turn the call back over to you.
Steve Johnston : Thank you, Mike and thanks to all of you for joining us today. We hope to see some of you at our annual shareholders meeting tomorrow at the Cincinnati Art Museum and those of you that can’t make it are welcome to listen to our webcast at the meeting and that's available at www.cinfin.com/investors. We look forward to speaking with you again and look forward to seeing you if not before, at our second quarter call. Thank you.
Operator:  This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-09 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dennis McDaniel – Investor Relations Officer Steven J. Johnston – President and Chief Executive Officer Michael J. Sewell – Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer J.F. Scherer – Executive Vice President, Sales & Marketing Martin H. Hollenbeck – Chief Investment Officer, Senior Vice President, Assistant Secretary, Assistant Treasurer
Analysts: Matthew Rohrmann – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Vincent DeAugustino – Stifel Nicolaus Ray Iardella – Macquarie Bank Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets Paul Newsome – Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P. Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital Joshua Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities Ray Iardella – Macquarie Group Fred Nelson – Crowell, Weedon & Co.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steve, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Call for Cincinnati Financial. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. I’ll now turn the call over to Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. Please go ahead.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello, this is Dennis McDaniel. Thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter and full year 2011 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our Investor website, www.cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to all of the information is in the far right column via the Quarterly Results quick link. On this call, you’ll first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer; and then, Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask their questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room here with us, including Executive Committee Chairman, Jack Schiff Jr.; Chairman of the Board, Ken Stecher; Executive Vice President, J. F. Scherer; Principal Accounting Officer, Eric Matthews; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Chief Claims Officer, Marty Mullen. Please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with the statuary accounting rules and therefore were not reconciled to GAAP. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Steve.
Steven J. Johnston: Good morning. It’s a pleasure to speak with you today from (inaudible), where we will meet with agents this afternoon. This is the fourth state among 22 in total that we are visiting during the first and second quarters. Our agents with their optimism, their commitment to our partnership and share goals really energize us. After three state quarters of heavy catastrophe losses, the fourth quarter was profitable, with commercial line, personal line, excess of surplus lines, life insurance and investments all contributing to strong operating earnings. Essentially, all our indicators of longer-term performance are moving in the right direction and that bodes well for creating shareholder value. Various strategic initiatives are having a positive effect and I’ll highlight several key areas. As we discussed during our last quarterly conference call, better insurance pricings is a top priority. We are experiencing improvement through a combination of our diligence, plus somewhat more favorable conditions in several markets. Our pricing precision for each policy continues to improve as we gain more experience with our pricing models. More thinly price risks are getting significantly higher prices. Fourth quarter increases in renewal pricing occurred for each property casualty segment and also, for each major line of business within segments. As we pre-announced, commercial lines renewal pricing accelerated during the quarter with average increases in the low to mid-single digit range. Just over 80% of our commercial lines renewed at flat or higher prices. For our excess of surplus line segment, renewal prices continue to increase and are solidly in the mid-single digit range. Pricing changes for that segment have been positive for the last 16 consecutive months. For personal lines, we believe our 10% increase in 2011 renewal premiums is roughly half from higher rates and half from higher policy accounts. Policy retention has remain fairly steady over the past two years with fourth quarter retention in the high upper 80% range for commercialized policies, and then our low to mid 90% range for personal line policies. Our agents are able to sell the value of our products and services. They continue to work with us to implement price increases where they are needed. The market remains competitive, particularly for new business, while agencies appointed since the beginning of 2010, drove our 6% new business premium increase for 2011. New business written premiums for agents appointed prior to 2010 decreased approximately 2%. We are seeing plenty of opportunities to grow profitably and are comfortable declining new business opportunities we believe are underpriced. We also continue to gain confidence that our pricing analytics are helping us to distinguish the more attractive new business offerings from the last attractive ones. In 2011, we appointed 133 new agencies in areas we consider unreserved about a dozen more than we planned at the beginning of the year. During 2012, we planned to appoint around 130 agencies. It takes several years for our new agency to develop the double-digit market share we enjoyed with agencies appointed for 10 years or longer. The accelerated pace of appointments in recent years, plus our commitment to serving all our agencies and our clients put us on a path where we believe we can achieve $5 billion of direct written premium by 2015. Above all, our emphasize on premium growth is to do so profitably, in order to raise the level of earnings and book value over the long-term. Our life insurance business also grew in 2011 with earned premiums up 4%; term life, the largest product line rose 9%. Although, life insurance profits remain challenged by the low interest rate environment, our agencies value the ability to offer quality like products and services to their commercial and personal insurance clients. The year 2011 will be remembered by many for its violent weather and other natural catastrophes. From a financial perspective, our unprecedented catastrophe losses in 2011 were an earnings event rather than a capital event, as we ended the year with higher shareholders equity than at the start of the year. An important risk management element for keeping our capital strong is an effective reinsurance program, and we have renewed all our primary reinsurance to use for 2012. For our (inaudible) treaties property rates were up approximately 10% and casualty rates were down around 5%. We chose to add $100 million more to our property catastrophe reinsurance coverage, rating it to $600 million per event and we now retain the first $75 million of loss. For our $500 million event, our net retention is $115 million compared with the $88 million in 2011 and $104 million in 2010. Assuming stable levels of facultative reinsurance, we estimate that our total 2012 premiums (inaudible) to reinsurers will be approximately $181 million down roughly 16% from 2011 and up about 8% from 2010. Another important aspect of 2011 high-level catastrophe activity was that it allowed us to showcase our expertise in providing client service. I can thoroughly stand up about how well our claims staff performed and about how our claims response and other elements of our service play an integral role in our ability to profitably grow the company. We aim to give policyholders consistent value and service through all these storms and we believe shareholders deserve consistency too. The payment of our dividend to shareholders last October marked our 51st consecutive year of increasing dividends, and we are committed to efforts that will benefit shareholders and other stake holders for years to come. For 2011, our value creation ratio was 6.0%, but that’s below our target range for the annual average and any five-year period. We are encouraged that our book value per share increased despite a catastrophe loss ratio that was three times higher than the annual average for the prior 10 years. Further, we remain confident that various initiatives to improve profitability and grow premiums will continue to bear fruit, driving stronger value creation over the coming year. Now, our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell will further comment on results during the quarter and several points regarding our balance sheet.
Michael J. Sewell: Thank you, Steve. And thanks all of you for joining us today. I’ll start by highlighting important the trends in our property, casualty, underwriting performance. While our full-year 2011-combined ratio of 109.2% was disappointing compared to our history and targets, we see several reasons to be optimistic. On a calendar year basis, the combined ratio before catastrophes improved by $0.07 of a percentage point. Factor out the effect of additional 2011 ceded premiums from reinstating our property catastrophe reinsurance treaty and that improvement was 2.0 percentage points. On an accident year basis before catastrophes, the combined ratio for accident year 2011 improved by 2.7 percentage points over accident year 2010 after factoring out the effect of reinstatement premiums. We remain confident about the strength of our loss reserves and development patterns. Our approach is consistent. We aim to remain solidly in the upper half of the actuarially estimated range knowing that it is important for long-term financial performance. Reserve development on prior accident years recognized during 2011 was fairly consistent with 2010 down $0.09 of a point to a ratio of 9.4%. For favorable reserve development recognized during 2011, 63% was for accident year 2010 inline with 62% for accident year 2009 that was recognized during 2010. For both periods, the balance of favorable development was concentrated in the two next most recent accident years. Our updated loss and loss expense reserve estimates as of December 31, 2011 show accident years 2010 develop favorably by about six points on a ratio basis, while accident years 2009 and 2008 developed favorably by approximately eight points over the years. For both 2011 and 2010, our commercial, casualty lines of business was the majority beneficiary of the favorable development. There is no absolute assurance that accident year 2011 will develop in a similar pattern, but we do aim to be consistent in our reserving practices. During the fourth quarter, we refined our allocation to line of business, segment and accident year for loss expense payments and reserves knowing adjusting other expense or AOE. For the refinement at a zero effect by consolidated property, casualty loss expense reserves in total some lines of business experienced higher incurred loss expenses in some (inaudible). This was a one-time refinement of reserves among the lines of businesses. The full-year 2011 ratio affect raised on a personal a line segment ratios by approximately three percentage points then lower the commercial line segment ratios by about one point. Some lines of business had larger effects. Turning to expense management, our insurance operations reflecting focus on improving service and efficiency. The total number of associates and contractors is down 4%, since the end of 2009 and includes a 4% a increase in field associate’s offsets by a 5% decrease in headquarters staff and a 30% decrease in contractors. Our 2011 property, casualty underwriting expense ratio at 32.2% was 60 basis points lower than last year. We anticipate the expense ratio continuing to benefit from future premium growth and more efficiency in our processes. Investment income is an area where our trend continues to run counter to what the industry is experiencing. (Inaudible) rose 1% for the year 2011 on a pre-tax basis. A pre-tax yield or above portfolio for year 2011 was 18 basis points lower than the prior year, so interest income continues to face a headwind. The portfolio had an effective duration of 4.4 years at year-end down from 5.0 years at the end of 2010. Due to an income was the source of our investment income growth during the 2011. Dividends from our equity portfolio were up 4% for the fourth quarter and up 5% for the year. Our equity portfolio also had a nice rebound in valuation during the fourth quarter. The portfolios fair value ended the quarter up 13% reversing the 12% decline during the third quarter. Pre-tax net unrealized gains for the total investment portfolio reached nearly $1.5 billion at the end of 2011, an increase of 19% from a year earlier. Our investment approach remains consistent and we think the long-term capital appreciation potential is important. Our capital remains strong and we ended the year with over $1 billion and holding company cash and marketable securities. We are well positioned for capital management purposes and for growing our insurance business. I’ll conclude my prepared comments by summarizing the contributions during the fourth quarter to book value per share. Property, casualty-underwriting profit increased book value by $0.39. Life insurance operations added $0.04. Investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.41. Shareholders equity changes related to our pension fund, lower book value per share by $0.11, primarily due to the low interest rate environment. It changed an unrealized gain at December 31 for the fixed income portfolio, net of realized capital gains and losses increased book value per share by $0.07. so change in unrealized gains at December 31 for the equity portfolio, net of realized capital gains and losses increased book value by $1.22, and we paid $40 and $0.25 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net affect was a book value increase of $1.62 during the fourth quarter to $31.16 per share. Adding the dividend, our value creation ratio for the quarter was 6.8%. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steven J. Johnston: Thanks Mike. We have in place a strong foundation both financially and strategically, and we will see better days ahead in terms of company performance. In addition to having the most dedicated associates in the business, we work with the most professional independent agencies in the business. We look forward to strengthening our partnership as we meet with agents at sales meetings across the country over the next four months. We also look forward to meet in person with many investors and shareholders throughout this year and we appreciate your interest in Cincinnati financial Corporation. With me today to further discuss our results and outlook are Jack Schiff Jr., Ken Stecher, J.F. Scherer, Eric Mathews, Marty Mullen and Martin Hollenbeck, and we all are available to respond. Steve, we're ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Matt Rohrmann from KBW. Your line is now open.
Steven J. Johnston: Good morning, Matt.
Matthew Rohrmann – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Gentlemen, good morning, excellent quarter. two questions, first, on the development side, obviously your details on the pre-announcement about their role development in the property side, I mean then the quarter came in with some excellent results on the casualty side. Just curious what were the primary drivers of the favorable experience on the casualty side? was there anything in there in terms of special settlements or is that just sort of overall trends?
Steven J. Johnston: Matt, I think it was overall trend. We tend to look at the full year and you know it’s going to have variation, but we think we have a very consistent practice. we think it's been consistent over time. We've got reasonable consistency if you look at full years across time, and we think the benefits come from a lot of the hard work, our associates and agents are putting in terms of getting ready, knowing more about our risk, all sorts of underwriting initiatives, front line underwriting by our agents. So we think that’s been the primary driver.
Matthew Rohrmann – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: It feels like workers’ comp is heading the way you wanted to write, Steve?
Steven J. Johnston: Sure. That's one that we’re feeling particularly pleased about. I'll let J.F. would want to add any more comments, because that’s been the real team effort there.
J. F. Scherer:  Yeah. We've talked a lot about the workers’ comp in the last couple of years between a lot of help from predicting modeling and analytics on the pricing side, much more in the way of specialized lost control activity and most especially some of specialized activity we've had in the claims handling area. And we're frankly pretty proud of the improvement we made this year. It appears that the industry is going to go in the opposite direction this year, and we’re confident that we can improve it even beyond what we’ve done already.
Matthew Rohrmann – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay, great. And then last question, as you guys travel around the country doing your meetings, I just want to get a sense of how balanced the strength and pricing is. I mean, is it heavy in the Midwest post the storms, property obviously, but I’m just wondering how broad based that is, as you guys meet with different folks across the board?
Steven J. Johnston: Matt, we feel to be fairly broad based. there's a lot of enthusiasm, a lot of optimism, I think most of the agency folks, as we talk to them. Obviously, every policy is different, every situation is different, we do think it on a risk-by-risk basis, but term and I think it has been pretty uniformly positive in terms of the performance.
J. F. Scherer: Yeah. And I guess I would add a little bit to that. we've only been in Charlotte, Atlanta and Birmingham so far on our trip. So we haven't been out west during the Midwest that we travel a lot. Talk to agencies, many agencies, visit Cincinnati as well. and as Steve said, I think there is an acknowledgment universally that price increases are deliverable. having said that and you all of it now is that many of your reports that new business can still be pretty competitive. So that if you will (inaudible) it's being used to raise rates appropriately, kick it on, and when you're feeling it a very good account only do want to retain, you do want to go to extremes, because if they gets to the marketplace, it will draw our attention. but we're not giving at all from any agent you talk to, any sense of a lack of confidence on their parts to be talking about rate increases with their policyholders.
Matthew Rohrmann – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks very much guys.
Steven J. Johnston: Hey Matt, before we let you go, I want to give hustate some a little bit on the (inaudible) the workers’ comp and so just a clarification and we talked about it in the press release in terms, and Mike in his opening comments about the all other expense we serve. And for the year, again while the calendar year was the same unaffected in terms of allocating to line, the workers’ comp did benefit by about 11 points on the calendar year, by that refinement.
Matthew Rohrmann – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks, Steve.
Steven J. Johnston: Thanks, Matt.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Vincent DeAugustino from Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is now open.
Vincent DeAugustino – Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, good morning and thanks for taking my questions. In the press release commentary, you’d mentioned the possibility of writing as much as $5 billion in premiums by 2015. So just a few questions on that with the first thing, how much of that growth do you think could be driven by accepting business that Cincinnati is already quoting on, but just not meeting your profitability hurdles versus how much of that do you think would need to come from new agents or geographies and accounts. And then second what net written premium to surplus ratio would you anticipate running at, if you could reach that $5 billion target, I'm assuming that you could up the leverage a little bit, but just curious if you would have something in mind?
Steven J. Johnston: Let me just touch briefly on the elements of it. I think the key point is that we want to grow profitably, that’s key. we want to get as much of that growth is from our same agents we can. But we also recognize that we're under served in certain areas where we’re appointing new agents and in terms of the capitalization, we could grow up a bit, we’re running about 0.8 to 1 in terms of our premium surplus ratio. Now we feel confident that as we grow the book profitably, especially when you consider the capital as the whole income, we’ve got plenty of capital to support all the profitable business our agents [can send this].
Vincent DeAugustino – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And I know you just mentioned the impact from work comp on the refinement and the adjusting salaries, but I was curious if you could maybe call that out for personal auto, just because I think that the core underwriting results there looked a little abnormal?
Michael J. Sewell: Yeah. This is Mike Sewell, for the personal auto, the effect was that is increased 8.5 points for the quarter – for the year, I am sorry, that’s for the year. So we had the workers’ comp was down benefited 11.5 for the year. personal auto was up 8.5. Now I do comment that the personal lines, it was up 2.8, but commercial lines was down 1.0. but overall when you look at the AOE reserve in total, the net reserve from year-to-year, it’s within $2 million between the two years. So it really had a zero effect on total reserves and it’s really just between the lines.
Vincent DeAugustino – Stifel Nicolaus: All right. Thank you very much. It was very helpful.
Steven J. Johnston: Thanks, Vince.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ray Iardella from Macquarie. Your line is now open.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie Bank: Hey good morning guys. Quick question, I guess on the number of agents you guys appointed during the fourth quarter, 32. I mean how much of premium do those agents write; I think you had putout a number for the first three quarters, just curious if those were larger, smaller and relatively similar?
Steven J. Johnston: Well just in the fourth quarter, the agencies would have not contributed a lot to the new business. they’re just up and running, agencies appointed in 2011 were $14.9 million. So it ramps up two, three, four months after they get on board with us. and so there is a contribution there.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie Bank: Okay. Maybe I’m asking the question a little incorrectly. But I think in your presentation, it’s above $1.6 billion in the agents you’d had appointed during 2011, up in the first three quarters. I’m just curious is that another $400 million of upside potential in premiums you guys could write from those new agencies or have you not released that number yet?
Steven J. Johnston: We do track not only the number of agencies we acquired, but the total standard, commercial lines and personal lines premium in those agencies, like we average right now about 22% of the personal lines premiums that our agencies write. So when we make those appointments, we would think over a period of, let’s say 10 years, they’re just from those agencies, we could hit that type of mark, same would be on the commercial line side after 10 years, we write about 10% of the agencies volume. and so we would expect that the lift will get for making those appointments would be in that range.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie Bank: Okay.
Steven J. Johnston: Nothing just happened over the last, let’s say five years, wouldn’t discourage us from believing we couldn’t have the same kind of penetration in agencies we’ve got to appointing recently.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie Bank: Okay, that’s helpful. and then I guess, just talking, I think on the conference call, you guys have talked about the delta between pricing for a one year policies and three year policies and how it had expanded a little bit. I’m just curious when does the commentary about pricing of low-to-mid single-digits, does that encompass both one year and three year policies and then two, could you guys comment on maybe where the delta is between the one and three year policies right now or in the fourth quarter?
Steven J. Johnston: Yes. it does include the one and three year policies in terms of our averages. We would typically charge somewhere in the range of five percentage points difference between a one-year and a three-year policy. and so something would be typical right now for a one-year policy would be in the mid single-digits, 4% or 5%. So we would go up precise 8% or 9% maybe 10% on a three-year policy. The marketplace atmosphere right now is such that there is a lot of – our three-year policy has always been a strength and most especially the time like this. So we’re being careful to make sure we’re getting a premium for the three-year policy and our agencies are finding that sellable and very attractive to be able to offer that.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie Bank: Okay, that’s helpful. And then I guess lastly, just thinking about capital. I mean obviously 0.8 [number] surplus a lot of capital at the holding company and I know overtime, you guys have been able to grow book value given the size of the equity allocation. One, I guess, are you guys comfortable about 25% of equities for your total portfolio and then two, I mean do you guys continue to believe you create more shareholder value by holding that extra capital in equities?
Steven J. Johnston: Yeah, make sure by the end of this, I’ve answered your question. So I do believe that we feel comfortable with the 25% in equity. I think as we have growth patterns as the – what is the excess capital, the definition may have changed a little bit as we went through the ‘08, ’09 period as we’ve seen weather, we’ve seen. we think for a growing company, it’s good to have strong capital, and that’s been a great thing about the Cincinnati over the 60-year history. we’ve never been constrained by capital to grow. and so we want to make sure that we have plenty of capital to grow. We want to balance that with returning capital to our shareholders and we do that we think with the dividend, with increase about for 51 consecutive years now. we repurchased shares each in the last three quarters. so we’re just going to balance it over that period of time, and make sure, we’ve got plenty of capital to grow, but also make sure that we’re returning capital to our shareholders.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie Bank: That’s very thoughtful and helpful. Thank you. And then last question I guess and I know you guys have talked about the loss adjustment expenses in that the change in allocation there, but I guess for the fourth quarter, it look like the accident year loss ratio excluding catastrophes was quite a bit lower just for the business overall versus the first three quarters of the year, sort of 9.30 year-to-date number. I’m just curious was there a true up with the 2011 accident year going on during the fourth quarter or maybe can you talk about some of the thought process in the lower accident year loss ratio.
Steven J. Johnston: We think we’re getting good improvement in the accident year loss ratio. we do feel we were benefited by a little bit by our true up, during the true up of the AOE, during the final calendar quarter, we think probably benefited the accident quarter by about six loss ratio points.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie Bank: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Steven J. Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Heleniak from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Steven J. Johnston: Good morning Scott.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Hi, good morning. How are you?
Steven J. Johnston: Good.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Just a couple of questions, you gave the $5 billion premium target and I’m just wondering what you foresee E&S per unit as being as part of that $5 billion and also personal lines roughly, do you say and expect next to be somewhere the same personal lines versus commercial and where do you see the E&S being fitting in there?
J.F. Scherer: Scott, this is J.F., I’ll give you a rundown on what we’re projecting in the commercial lines area, we’re looking at about $3.4 billion in personal lines about $1.2 billion, CSU, our excess surplus line subsidiary we’re targeting about $160 million and in life insurance, $290 million. Was it helpful?
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Great. That’s helpful. And the next question I have was just on you guys have talked a lot this year, the past several quarters about predictive modeling. And I know you put a lot of effort into that. just wondering is that completely rolled out to fully the most of the lines that you won or is there a more room for that in 2012 and the next couple of years.
Steven J. Johnston:  On the Workers’ comp side, it’s fully rolled out and we have been using now for almost two years. On the commercial line side, it’s in the process and in other words, our entire book of business has been modeled. But we’re coming up on renewals for all of that. and so we still have ways to go, for all of our renewals to have received the contribution of the insight that the model is going to give us. So it’s in process right now, it’s going we think very well. one indicator that we’d like to see is that there was a question earlier about whether or not we can grow to these levels profitably, writing new business, the new business that it will be required. The model is showing that the new business that we’re writing has drastically improved by virtue of having the model and running the perspective new business through the model, we’re seeing the projected loss ratios on new business are actually very good. and so in addition to agencies being particularly careful with us, when they’ve first put business with us after recent employment. We have the benefit as a model helping us in that particular area. So in all areas both renewal and in new business, we’re seeing a tremendous benefit from the model, it will continue to be refined, will come out with the next generation of our Workers’ comp model. As you all know, it’s a process, the model it’s not a stationary target, but it’s worked out very well for us.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Right.
Martin H. Hollenbeck: Scott, I might just add a little more about the personal lines as well and that it’s gone through three rate revisions, three annual rate revisions now. it’s really gaining traction and we’ve got plans for fourth. And so in addition to getting more rate, we feel we’re getting on the personal line side as well as commercial to rate were shifts needed and we feel pretty positive about the rate increase and really the shift in the mix of our book towards what we feel that the better risk characteristics.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then along those lines, but the – as far as new business, what’s the differential between the price increases, you’re seeing on renewal versus new, and is there anywhere, any class, geography in particular you’re pulling back more, because the pricing is a lot more competitive. I know you kind of alluded to workers’ comp a little bit, but is that where most of that is coming from?
Steven J. Johnston: Scott, I’ll address the question on the differential between new and renewal. We think as J.F. mentioned, we’re getting rate adequacy in both areas, but we don’t have a lease with – let’s say split between how much more adequate or inadequate new versus renewal might be, so from that part of the question.
Michael J. Sewell: Yeah. I would say in terms of where we’re getting the new business, as was mentioned in the release, we are getting a lift from the new appointments that we’ve made. That’s the reason why we’re growing in new business. agencies that were appointed 2009 and previous, they were actually down a bit, I think that’s a commentary on the fact of new business still remains fairly competitive. Just by way of description of the fourth quarter on a direct basis, our casualty premiums were up 3.7%, our property premiums were up 4.3%, commercial auto was up 2.5%, and this is all new business, workers’ comp was down nearly 30%. We don’t view that as an alarming amount, but it does – it is a reflection on the conservatism that we’re approaching comps. So I’d say as much as anything, we’re pretty satisfied with the flow of new business, they add that’s we’re getting, it’s still competitive, but we’re confident that how we’re pricing, what we end up writing is, we’re in a better position right now than we would have been a year ago.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Good detail. Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill. Your line is now open.
Steven J. Johnston: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.: Good morning folks. I was hoping you might be able to help us get a better sense of the effective tax rate going forward. It’s been jumping around a little bit and maybe you can do help us there?
Steven J. Johnston: Yeah. I think I might add my comment a bit, but I think the main thing is just the mix between our underwriting profit and our investment income and we’ve got a variety of tax rates, underwriting tax that a 35% or gains or tax of 35% or with our dividends received deduction in the municipal bonds, we’ve got varying tax rates there and Mike might have a little more color on that, but I think it’s the variation and where the earnings are coming from and what the tax rate is for that particular bucket.
Michael J. Sewell: You’re exactly right, Steve. And Paul is unlike – yeah, when you think about the effective tax rate, when we take our pretax GAAP book income, 35% with that being a little bit lower this year than the prior year, which was about $500 million versus $176 million this year. By the time you take the tax-exempt interest in your dividends received deduction out. it ends up bringing you down to a pretty low number. and so then when you calculate that we’re at 5.61 effective tax rate in the current year compared to 24.7 in the prior year. So if we had our earnings from operations been higher, we would have ended up with a more consistent effective tax rate.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.: So should we be bringing about tax rate in the 24 to 25, 26 range that you historically have had?
Michael J. Sewell: If we’re at the normal levels for our operating earnings, yes.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.: Okay.
Michael J. Sewell: Really when you look at Paul the two drivers, that’s going to drive that down is the tax-exempt interest and the dividend received deduction. And so then it’s your operating earnings that really going to be driving at the 35% rate.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.: Terrific, thank you.
Steven J. Johnston: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman from Adage Capital. Your line is now open.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Hi, good morning guys. I guess first can I get a clarification on the AOE. I think (inaudible) I’m not quite sure, so for example, the 11 and point improvement on workers’ comp was that a one-time catch-up and 2012 won’t include that or will 2012 have a workers’ comp combined ratio that is equal 11 points better than were thought a quarter ago?
Steven J. Johnston: Yeah, that was really a refinement that just occurred that’s not going to be recurring each and every year. So that 11.5% was really just one-time. And then on the go forward basis, the things will look normal. The other, if I look at this commercial – some of the other ones were a little smaller fluctuations, commercial property was posted a benefit of a 3.5, commercial casualty was up 2% because of it. On the personal line side, homeowners got a benefit of 1.6%.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Great, that's very helpful. Thank you. And also the reinsurance like, I want to clarify on that; you said your ceded premium will be less in 2012 and 2011? Was that because of the reinstatement paid in 2011 or was that apples-to-apples?
Steven J. Johnston: That’s correct. And that’s because of the reinstatement premium and that’s why we want to get two years, we’re about 8% from where we were two year ago. But I think we did a good job. We look at having had the largest two catastrophe losses in the history of the company. The new RMS ‘11 model has higher estimates for us. So we thought it prudent and conservative to add another $100 million to the top of our layer. We also raised our retention as to $75 million. And I think one of the positive is, if you look at it and I think (inaudible) talked about that if you would have a $600 million event, we estimate that with only be about 3% of our surplus with this new program would have been 4% of our surplus before. So we think we’ve strengthened our balance sheet, our risk profile by adding that extra $100 million. And I think we’ll pay about $10 million more for the expanded program.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Okay, great. So it sounds like if I take out the extra limit you bought sort of rate online basis, your prices actually didn’t really move too much. It sounds like the 10% increase is essentially is for the extra limit?
Steven J. Johnston: That we didn’t touch that layer of 100 (inaudible) of 100 and we got some rate increase there. It’s a layer we hadn’t touched before and we hit it last year with both events and in 2008 with Hurricane Ike, so we did have rate increase on apples-to-apples on some of the existing limits.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Okay. And were there any changes in terms any restrictions on what’s covered?
Steven J. Johnston: No, I think we were very stable there.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Okay, great. And then just my last one, I guess there were questions as much of the question, but you mentioned obviously trying to get the $5 billion and obviously get there in the right way and maybe in the future calls, you can give us a combined ratio target to go with that?
Steven J. Johnston: We tend to not be real granular in guidance, but we think that we need to be in the 95% to 100% combined ratio in terms of where we are going to be as we grow.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: I still want to make sure we’re thinking below 100 that’s all I wanted to hear. Thank you.
Steven J. Johnston: Definitely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Joshua Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities:  Good morning everyone.
Steven J. Johnston: Good morning, Josh.
Joshua Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities: I wanted to know little bit about individual lines and reserving policies. So there is a lot of movements going on the reserve depending on what segment I’m looking at? And maybe you can go into – is there a chief expert directing it, are there various independent actuaries in this segment? How are we getting so much movement in various directions going on?
Steven J. Johnston: This is Steve, and we are consistent. We do, this is our actuarial best estimate recommendations. We think that there is a consistency across time in terms of the methodology and the way we go about our reserving. We have a reserve committee and definitely consistent overtime. We have outside actuaries that also look at our reserves. I think what added the volatility here in the fourth quarter is the – this all other expense refinement that we made in this quarter. And I think basically what drove it is as we solve some of the catastrophe losses, where we would have a big reserve go up. And as we look at the way it was being allocated and we talk to our claims people in terms of where they were actually spending the time. It was indicating that we needed to refine how we allocated the all other expense. And so our actuaries came up with the methodology that lead a little bit more in claim counts also in terms of interviewing the claims people. And so that’s the change, but in total for the calendar year, it was not an impact at all and again we think we’ve got very consistent procedures and controls from our actuarial department.
Joshua Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities: So please interrupt me if I’m saying some incorrectly here. So, on property because of all you – was there very heavily for the significant claims. And you found our claims counter, claim severity with not as aggressive as you initially intended. So there was a significant reserve release based on claims offset slightly by allocating more AOE to those property lines? And then, AOE was taken away from the cash. I’m trying to figure out exactly how all the moving pieces are working there?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, and we understand. It’s a little bit noisy here in this quarter. But you are right; we did have favorable development on the actual estimates of these catastrophe losses. And that is also consistent with our history. As we said here international, I remember the first estimate on the national is getting close to two years ago now. I think we estimated about $35 million for that and it came in to 20 when that was finally settled. So we are seeing a favorable development. I think it’s the strength attribute to our claims people and that we settled over 31,000 claims with our own people. And I think by getting boots on the ground, getting them out there and getting settled quickly we’re able to bring them in there. So that’s kind of a separate issue. And we benefited the quarter by about three loss ratio points there. Totally separate issue had to do is just how we allocate the – all other expense and that was a refinement as Mike described here in the fourth quarter.
Joshua Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities: In a catastrophe of a year, why would the AOE rise in the casualty lines?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, I don’t think that the AOE necessarily did rise in the casualty lines. In other words, workers comp had actually went with down so …
Joshua Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities: Yeah, yeah.
Unidentified Company Representative: So I think you got it.
Unidentified Company Representative: Josh, when you look at the NOE the incurred for the calendar year ratio, there was no change between the two years. It was 6.3% for each year. So again, it’s just the allocation between the individual lines.
Joshua Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities: Understood, and completely unrelated in a rising stock market we’ve been having for the last eight to 15 weeks, does this give you an opportunity to take some profits on certain high dividend yielding stocks we are allocating to some that in meets the threshold, what’s going on an allocation among equities?
Martin Hollenbeck: Josh, Martin Hollenbeck. We haven’t dramatically changed a few only. The big run-up in equities last few months really largely just offset the decline in the third quarter of last year. In our type of stocks, the high quality dividend growers generally underperform certainly in 2009. It’s a lesser degree in 2010. So, we think there is little more room to run. We like as Steve mentioned earlier, the allocation equities and what – and the type of stock you buy, not just for the long-term growth potentials at the income vehicles, low interest rate environment had we not had the allocation we have two types of stocks we buy. We would show a decline in investment income both for the quarter and a year. So certainly a dividend increases have carried the day for us on the income front in the investment income front.
Joshua Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. Thank you and congratulation on the quarter if I can suggest in the 10-Q or 10-K, please try and hold our hand through all these reserving changes you (inaudible) those great information and I expect you to do so again.
Unidentified Company Representative: We will have that.
Joshua Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities: All right, thank you very much.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thanks, Josh.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ray Iardella from Macquarie. Your line is now open.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie Group: My follow-up on the reinsurance program was asked so thank you.
Steven J. Johnston: Okay, thanks Ray.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Fred Nelson from Crowell, Weedon. Your line is now open.
Steven J. Johnston:  Good morning Fred.
Fred Nelson – Crowell, Weedon & Co.: Hey guys, it’s a great conference call. It feel like us watching the Super Bowl, (inaudible) the players are in their locker room, it’s half time when they come out wake up America, because there is going to be some big changes with the positive coming and I really appreciate the greatness that you gentlemen already is doing, all the team effort to do this. The question is I keep having coming to me in my little business world is, if you are an insurance company and premiums are sold for checks and money comes in and in an interest rate environment is basically zero, what do you do with that money to protect so, but you don’t have a disaster with the money market fund or a bank failure. Where does the money go in the short-term and it doesn’t bring one iota of income back.
Michael J. Sewell: Fred, lot of folks in fall 2008 took notice of what happened with the money markets, we’re very cautious to spread that around and not have big concentrations. Back to cash yields nothing is literally unavoidable these days, so we have to be careful, and we don’t – we have not increased our risk profile, in any of (inaudible) yield or return. So we’re very cautious out there. We just spread it around.
Fred Nelson – Crowell, Weedon & Co.: And you can increase your allocation to equities say 4%, 5% and do we have fix your parameters, you kind of meeting that parameter right now and the maximum.
Michael J. Sewell:  I would enter with that way Fred, now we got some room.
Fred Nelson – Crowell, Weedon & Co.: Good. That’s important to hear because people ask me that. Thank you again gentlemen.
Steven J. Johnston: Thank you Fred. Thanks for your comments.
Fred Nelson – Crowell, Weedon & Co.: Yeah.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time; I’ll turn it back over to Steve Johnston.
Steven J. Johnston: Thank you Steve and thanks to all of you for joining us today and we’ll look forward to speaking to you again in the first quarter call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. you may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dennis McDaniel – IR Officer Steve Johnston – President and CEO Mike Sewell – CFO
Analyst: Mike Zaremsk – Credit Suisse Vincent DeAugustino – Stifel Nicolaus Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank Matt Rohrmann – KBW Doug Mewhirter – RBC Capital Markets Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital Vincent D’Agostino – Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Good morning. My name is Adrian, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Third Quarter 2011 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer, you may begin your conference.
Dennis McDaniel: Good morning. This is Dennis McDaniel, the Investor Relations Officer. We thank you for joining us on our third quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results, along with supplemental financial information, and we filed our quarterly report on Form 10-Q. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our Investor website, www.cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is in the far right column via the Quarterly Results quick link. On this call, you’ll first hear from Steve Johnston, President and Chief Executive Officer; and, Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others with us in the room, including Executive Committee Chairman, Jack Schiff Jr, Chairman of the Board, Ken Stecher; Executive Vice President, J. F. Scherer; Principal Accounting Officer, Eric Matthews; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and, Chief Claims Officer, Marty Mullen. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. And with respect to these risks and uncertainties we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with the statuary accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. It’s no surprise after our recent catastrophe loss announcement that our earnings for the third quarter and first nine months of this year were weak. We see evidence that our initiatives for improving profitability are working and I’ll highlight some of the key indicators. First and foremost, pricing continues to improve. Specifically, third quarter increases and average renewal pricing occurred in each property casualty segment in total and also for most lines of business within segments. For our commercial lines segment, renewal pricing moved into positive territory. Nearly three quarters of our commercial lines renewing policies had flat or higher pricing compared with the premium for the expiring term. In our excess and surplus line segment, we have experienced renewal price increases for 13 constitutive months and the rate of increase progress during the quarter to a mid single-digit range. For our September excess and surplus lines renewals, approximately 90% of policies experience price increases. For personal lines, we are beginning our third conservative year of higher home rental rates. On average, in the high single digit range and our personal auto rate changes also continued to be positive. Our level of commercial and personal pricing position continues to improve with the more thinly price risks getting significantly higher pricing. Importantly, our agents also tell us that recently they have been able more able to sell pricing increases and that our improved pricing position is a key factor along with some benefit from broad market trends. Our third quarter and nine month combined ratios are unsatisfactory. Yet, looking beyond the more unusual items, we find validation for our analysis that our pricing improvements are starting to translate into improved underwriting profitability. On the calendar year basis, the nine month combined ratio before catastrophes improved by three tens of a point. Factor out the effect of additional 2011 ceded premiums from reinstating our property, catastrophe reinsurance treaty and that improvement was 2.0 percentage points. On an accident year basis, the loss and loss expense ratio before catastrophe losses also improved after factoring out the reinstatement premiums and inherent variability of large losses. We also remain confident about the strength of our loss reserves and development patterns. Our approach is consistent, aiming to remain solidly in the upper half of the actuarially estimated range, and we believe that is important for longer term financial performance. Reserve development on prior accident years through three quarters this year continues to trend fairly consistently with our experience during full year 2010. Another positive we see, is targeted premium growth, resin premium growth again occurred across all segments, including life insurance. For our property casualty operations, agency new business is up 9% for the year, reflecting strong contributions from new agencies appointed in 2010 and 2011. Our goal is to selectively appoint 120 of the best property casualty agencies this year and areas we consider underserved. And we are all well on our way to reaching that goal by achieving 84% in the first nine months. We aim to grow selectively and profitably helping to pure growth in earnings. Excellent service particularly at the point of sale and at the time of our claim continues to be our best form of advertising. Our team of field claim associates has been a vital part of great service delivery and they have closed 90% of more than 30,000 claims this year that has stem from whether related catastrophes. We continue to execute risk management strategies, that we believe protect capital and put us in the position to profitably grow the company. One strategy worth highlighting at this time is our reinsurance program which strongly benefiting capital in earnings during this record you of storm losses. As we prepared to work with reinsurers to construct our 2012 reinsurance program, we believe we will successfully balance the risk related benefits and costs. As in the past we will consider data from internal and external models, including the AIR and RMS version 11’ as well as other company information to evaluate various potential changes to our reinsurance treaties in alternative structures. We believe our long-term relationships with our reinsurers and use of multiple data points to estimate risk will help us to effectively shape our 2012 program. I’ll now to the call over to Chief financial Officer, Mike Sewell for his comments on results during the quarter in our capital position.
Mike Sewell: Thank you, Steve. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. My comments will focus on investment performance, expense management and several capital related items. Net investment income rose 2% for the third quarter on a pre-tax basis, bond interest was up 3%, as the higher bond portfolio base offset declining yields. We have expanded the tabular [ph] disclosure in our Form 10-Q that shows that on a nine months basis, our bond portfolio pre-tax yield is 30 basis points lower than a year ago. Dividend income for the third quarter was down slightly, while it grew 5% on a year-to-date basis. In any given quarter, dividend income can vary based on the timing of dividend declarations or ex-dividend dates or due to timing of security sales in reinvestment of proceeds. It was a rough quarter in terms of common stock market swings. Despite outperforming, the S&P 500 and Index, our equity portfolio fair value ended the quarter down 12% from its level at the end of June. Our bond portfolio had a nice gain in fair value during the quarter up 2%. Evaluations for our equity and bond portfolios in recent quarters have fluctuated of levels within what we consider normal variation and our investment approach remains consistent. Another consistent aspect of our culture, is careful expense management and we continue to invest more resources where it makes business sets including in the areas of field service, technology and data analytics. Our property casualty expense ratio for the first nine months of 2011 improved by 90 basis points to 32.2%. We see the expense ratio continuing to benefit from future paying premium growth. We also expect to continue realizing policy processing efficiencies over time. As we leverage technology investments and further deploy performance metrics. Net cash flow provided by operating activities for the first nine months of this year at $148 million was less than a half the amount of the same period a year ago. That reflected highly paid loss and loss expenses, which were up $321 million net of reinsurance, mostly due to elevated level of catastrophes this year. The relatively low level of cash flow puts added pressure on investment income for us and other companies in our industry. On the other hand, the industry wide nature of this pressure may help our efforts in sustaining rate increase for our property casualty insurers segments. During the month of August, we also repurchased over $1 million of our shares for approximately $30 million. The average price we paid was 17% less than the average daily closing price for the first seven months of this year. The repurchase was funded principally through a July borrowing are one of our lines of credit. The terms for borrowing are very favorable including a floating interest rate currently under 1%. Our debt-to-total capital ratio at September 30 was 15.7% well below the 20% upper end of our target range. We ended the third quarter with excellent liquidity totaling nearly $1 billion in cash and marketable securities at the holding company level. On January 1, 2012, we will be required to adopt a new accounting standard related to deferred policy acquisition cost, commonly refer to as DAC, which will have a negative effect on shareholders' equity. We have developed a preliminary estimate but this effect will be less than 1% of the September 30th shareholder’s equity and we anticipate using the retrospective approach upon adoption. Our capital remains strong and well positioned for capital management purposes and for growing our insurance business. Last week, Moody’s Investor Service has performed our A1 financial strength ratings sighting our strong regional franchise, solid risk-adjusted capital position, consistent reserve strength, strong financial flexibility and significant holding company liquidity. Moody’s outlook is negative on concerns about high weather-related losses and weak operating profitability. We share those concerns, but our outlook is decidedly positive. We are confident we can bill build on the progress like our third quarter and nine-month loss ratio improvements and workers compensation and profitability of our excess and surplus lines operation. I’ll wrap up my prepared comments by summarizing the contributions during the third quarter to book value per share. Property causality underwriting losses reduced book value by $0.32. Life insurance operations added $0.04. Investment income other than life insurance has reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.43. The change in unrealized gains at 9.30, September 30th, plus realized capital gains from fixed-income portfolio increased interest book value per share at $0.31. The change in unrealized gains at September 30th plus realized capital gains from the equity portfolio reduced book value by $1.53 or nearly 5%. And we paid $0.40 in one quarter per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was the book value decrease of a $1.47 during the third quarter to $29.54 per share. Adding the dividend, our value creation ratio for the quarter was negative 3.4%. While, that is clearly not the kind of result we want over the long-term, short term movements in the equity market can cause variability and our strong capital allows us to observe that during any given quarter. That concludes my prepared comments, and I will turn it back over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. Every associate in Cincinnati Financial is highly focused on successfully executing corporate department and individual goals. Restoring underwriting profitability is job number one for each of us. We are tackling it with improved pricing, loss control and expense control, as well as growth plans that incorporate risk management considerations. We are confident that will lead to future success and will benefit long-term shareholder value. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our 2011 results during the third quarter and our future opportunities to grow shareholder value. Jack Schiff Jr., Ken Stecher, J. F. Scherer, Eric Matthews, Marty Mullen and Mart Hollenbeck are here with Mike and me and we are all available to respond. Adrian, we’re ready for you to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from the line of Mike Zaremsk from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Mike Zaremsk – Credit Suisse: Hi gentlemen.
Mike Sewell: Good morning Mike.
Mike Zaremsk – Credit Suisse: Would you be able to quantify the impact of what you believe to be unusual items maybe large non-cat losses this quarter?
Steve Johnston: Mike, this is Steve. I think we can do that on the personal lines segment. I think our systems were a little bit out of head there. We know that they are there for the commercial line segment, but we don’t have a specific dollar amount they. But for the personal lines, it was about 2.8 loss ratio points on a year-to-day basis.
Mike Zaremsk – Credit Suisse: Okay. So Ken, can you talk about kind of your outlook for continued pricing momentum in commercial and then somewhat related. Kind of – what kind of rate increases you think you need in commercial and home to keep kind of working on the combined ratios loss cost trends?
Kenneth W. Stecher: Well, that’s a good question, maybe I’ll take it first out and then turn over to J. F. I think – we think a lot here about all our rate increases keeping pace with loss cost inflation. We discussed a lot internally and it’s really not that simple question, because we’re not taking uniform rate changes across all of our policies, which makes a situation more dynamic one. We’re taking more increases on the policies, we think have the highest expectation for loss and less increase on the policies with the lowest expectation for loss. So in addition to getting more rate. We think we’re changing the distribution of risk towards the last risky policies. And this shifting of the distribution has a favorable impact on the loss constraint. And our other initiatives such as, how the way we’re handling claims, loss control, risk inspection underwriting, we believe that’s also having the favorable impact on our loss cost inflation. So I think what we consider on this, the answer is yes, that we believe that the rate changes we’re putting in right now today will keep pace with our estimate of loss contemplation. And maybe I’ll turn it over to J. F. in terms of a little bit more color on that.
J. F. Scherer: Yeah. Mike, I’ll just make a little bit more color. I think, one other things in terms of the atmosphere we’re dealing with is that, as Steve mentioned in his opening comments that our agents are responding to us that they are better prepared to deliver rate increases. And that’s a bit of a shift, over the last three or four months, I think the industry in particular Cincinnati insurance with the help of our predicted modeling – integrated predicted modeling. We’ve seen agencies, be more receptive. A good example of what Steve just mentioned would be introduction of our property, liability and auto predicted models. We selected a sample of what we consider to be the most underpriced policies and which represented 3% of our policies. The loss ratio, the historical loss ratio on those policies was 116%. The 97% non-included in that group the historical loss ratio is 50%. And then to add more granularity, of the 3% of the policies that have the 116%, 30% of those accounts are loss free. So the approach that we’re taking is to identify the policies at good model and our experience tells us, we need the most rate and in a somewhat surgical approach, go to our agencies, identify those accounts that we need to be underpriced and take aggressive action. Price is an important lever, that to pull that as Steve mentioned a lot of the other initiatives that we’re in the middle of that, that we think are going to help us, are going to improve the loss ratio as well. He mentioned in claims and I’m sorry to give long wind [ph] about it, but I think this tells a bigger story. And then on workers comp claims we have a call center now, were claims are called in directly to the company. We’ve reduced in two years, less than two years the number of days between the date of loss and the date of report from 8 to 4. That’s a significant improvement that reduces our cost. We have more claims – workers claims specialist out on the field, our medical bill rate pricing is taking hold, loss control department has grown from 54 individuals to 69, so there are variety of thing that we are doing. Price being one of the important ones that we think we’re going to continue to improve the loss ratio.
Mike Zaremsk – Credit Suisse: If you don’t mind, if I interject. On a workers' comp, we’ve been hearing about price increases, you guys – are you seeing anything in terms of frequency and you feel confidence that you’ll get price increases, and workers comp has been an issue?
J. F. Scherer: Well, on pricing, the workers comp pricing, we innovate for us, where we are having lot of success and improving in our workers comp pricing. As far as frequency is concerned, we’re continuing to see, how that Marty Mullen our, our Chief Claims Officer comment on the frequency, that’s I think pretty stable.
Mike Zaremsk – Credit Suisse: Yeah. Thanks J. F. Actually through nine months were down on new claim activity 7% through the same period in 2010? Thank you.
Mike Sewell: I am Mike, I’ll add just a little bit on the mortgage and right on with the lower climes on a year-to-date basis. We do have a little bit of cyclicality in terms of the comp claims. Historically, the third quarter is always high for the number of claims, as we think the business activity that was a lot of our customers and contractors, I guess specifically and the summer months is higher. So the overall trend is definitely favorable, as Marty described, there is a little bit of cyclicality in the third quarter that we see.
Mike Zaremsk – Credit Suisse: Thanks for the color.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Vincent DeAugustino from Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open.
Vincent DeAugustino – Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning everyone.
Unknown Participant: Good morning, Vince.
Vincent DeAugustino – Stifel Nicolaus: I just like to guess first start of with the capital management question and hit a follow-up if I may. I guess looking at the three senior debt issues that you have in given current low interest rates out there, is there any opportunity to maybe restructure that either in terms of duration or just refinancing to that, capture some interest rate saving there, is that just not that easy?
Unknown Participant: Hey, it’s probably not [indiscernible] it’s probably not necessarily that easy. But we have been looking at that and it’s – what we’ve got up there right now, there is really non-callable, so it would be a very difficult to bring that in. But we do work as we’re evaluating our capital needs, whether or not, we want to borrow long-term fund, short-term funds, or need anything. So as you heard in my prepared remarks, we did borrow somewhat on line of credit, the short term borrowing, the credit rates are very favorable for us, and we put that mainly to use with the share buybacks. So we felt that was prudent, but we’re looking at that and considering it throughout each quarter.
Vincent DeAugustino – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And I – you brought it up. In terms of the buybacks, I mean in terms of understanding that this is probably one of the more over capitalized insurers out there. I’m curious why not, I guess, use cash to get those done and then I guess also with the buybacks in 3Q ‘11 certainly provided good buying opportunity in terms of the price, but I’m just curious if that was the extent of that or if buybacks would likely be a tool that we could see obviously given the other conditions in the market?
Mike Sewell: That is something that we’re consistently looking at and we made the decision in the third quarter to basically return some of that capital of $30 million worth and we felt that, that was prudent at that time. Whether or not we will continue that, we will be looking at that from a quarter-to-quarter basis. We do talk about that amongst the senior management team and get advice from the Board. And so, we will be considering it in the future. I don’t know we’ll do it. I don’t know, Steve, if you have any additional comments?
Steve Johnston: Well, I agree with you Mike and just I guess the only additional color at the end is that we did in addition to the dividend by $30 million in that period where we’re experiencing really record level catastrophe losses. So I think I agree with the point you’re making that we are strongly capitalized and even in such an environment are in position to repurchase shares.
Vincent DeAugustino – Stifel Nicolaus: That’s great. If I could slip one in there, follow-up. Looking at worker’s compensation and commercial casualty lines on an ex-cap, ex-reserve development basis on the loss ratio, it looks like there are some year-over-year improvement there for this important there for this two important lines and I’m curious if you have any sense of the factors driving that for example maybe half is driven by market forces and the other half driven by the underwriting actions that you’ve taken that sort of framework if you have any sense?
J. F. Scherer: Vince, this is J. F. again. I went through a couple of items just previously in terms of – particularly our worker’s comp line, where we think we have contributions on the claims and we believe that, that’s a fairly significant reason for the improvement between claims enhancements and loss control initiatives that we have in both of those lines. Those are both adding to the improvement in loss ratio, we can understate the value of the modeling that we’re using right now as well that’s guiding our underwriting to small pricing position, greater confidence to press for pricing increases on certain accounts. Three years ago, we didn’t have that tool available to us and it’s clear that that’s improving our results.
Vincent DeAugustino – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. So I mean you you’d be safe to say that you’d probably expect the majority of the to be from active management and you guys as part to oppose to just market forces in terms of price and loss cost absolutely. And when I mentioned a few minutes ago about the 3% of the policies, that’s a good example in our view that 97% of our policies are really indicates that, that’s a fairly low percent to say that we’re not going to get some modest increases on those as well, but we’re taking, I think, a real aggressive approach in a lot of areas that we weren’t taking several years ago.
Steve Johnston: And just – this is Steve, just to tie a little bit there. As we look at segmenting of the risk within comp. For those that we feel we have the highest expectation of loss with our new pricing models, we’re getting about five times the rate increases on those risk that we are on those that have the better expectation for lower losses.
Vincent DeAugustino – Stifel Nicolaus: That’s really great. Thanks for answering all my questions.
Steve Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: Yeah. Good morning everyone.
Steve Johnston: Good morning, Josh.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: I was wondering a little bit more on workers cum trainers and how the math works a little bit. Obviously, you’re seeing some improvement on the accessing your combined ratio here. You are also giving a lot of favorable development and then we go back a couple of years where the ratios were very good, but you’re having unfavorable development. Can we talk about – let’s say, the years that are being reserved for, I presume, you are adding the cushion for stuff you’re wearing today. How does it different accident and you’re sort of ash out and thinking about where the moments are coming from?
Steve Johnston: Josh this is Steve. I’m not sure I’m quite up to speed with your question, whereas, where you’ve asking from which years, which accident years where we are seeing the favorable development just at this time?
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: But, to some extent, but also pointing out that it’s a line that you have some problems, that you’re restructuring, but there is also a significant amount of favorable development coming out of it simultaneously. So I’m just trying to reconcile those two things and understand the different years and how things have sort of evolved there.
Steve Johnston: Okay. Yeah, I’m with you now. And we do feel that it’s, the main point we make is that we are consistent in our reserving approach. We did increase reserves back in 2009, where we think we were ahead of the curve in terms of recognizing the workers comp could be an issue. We got our reserves up there and so now we are seeing a favorable development on that and again through a very consistent process and we’re getting in across a number of the accident years. As we look at the development, I can’t say that it’s the new years, the old years, to the extent, we get some development form the more recent year is just because there is more dollars up and an immature here. And I guess the key point to get across as we’re being consistent in our approach, we’re not playing any games to try to take out in the soft market and put it back in the hard market. It’s very consistent and systematic approach across time.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: I guess another way, which use are you seeing your pricing has not be adequate, where does it turned in your history on that line, where you started having net unfavorable developments I guess, growth, there was more than the net favorable I guess?
Unknown Participant: I guess, I don’t know what point, we were negative, kind of – I’d say, we’ve written in the present, looking forward and feeling that right now. We are getting rate in excess of loss cost trends and it is showing up in the favorable movement in our accident year comp results.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: And one of those lines in the prior question, you are speaking more generally about the business, you are saying that your rate increase are keeping pace of loss cost trends, is that even or is that you think there is excess or where do you stand on the – on your forecast on loss trends?
Unknown Participant: Actually I think – I hope I said, I think we are actually ahead of making ground on our rates right now, or in an access, we feel of the loss cost trends.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you very much.
Unknown Participant: Thank you, Josh.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Matt Rohrmann from KBW. Your line is open.
Matt Rohrmann – KBW: Hey guys, good morning.
Mike Sewell: Good morning, Matt.
Matt Rohrmann – KBW:
Steve Johnston: I might ask J. F. to take a swing at this one, Matt.
J. F. Scherer: Well, as far as line of business is considered, as we mentioned, workers comp is leading the way as far as pricing increases, net rate increases. Every single lines, all of our lines showed positive moments. As we look into the fourth quarter on policies that we’ve already issued or quoted, we see an acceleration of the improvement in pricing. So I guess – I want to make sure I answer your question, but I think across our lines, we’re seeing improvement improved. We did introduce early in the third quarter, right in the second quarter, we predicted modeling and pricing guidance in our casualty property and auto lines. And I would suspect that, that will also help us accelerate some of the pricing increases that we’re going to see moving forward. So did I touch all you’re asking?
Matt Rohrmann – KBW: Yeah. Thanks very much. I appreciate it guys.
Unknown Participant: Okay, all right. Great.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome from Sandler O’Neill. Your line is open
Paul Newsome – Sandler O’Neill: Thank you and good morning everyone.
Unknown Participant: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O’Neill: I have two separate questions. One is on the competitive front, usually when you see renewal price increases or rates increases, there is someone else back in out of the market. Who do you think, can you characterize who is less competitive now than they were, say six months ago?
Steve Johnston: Paul, this is Steve, I’ll take – how much of the [indiscernible] is this. I don’t see in our discussion what’s the agency, a particular name to give to you. I think everybody has their own unique strategy and we have ours and I’m not aware of any particular competitors that I would call to is becoming less competitive. But I’d like to see if J. F. has [indiscernible].
J. F. Scherer: I wouldn’t contrast national to regional. I think that’s a as just Steve described that it – the best way, I can – every single carrier is trying to be a surgical as they can. And we don’t see the carnivorous activity in the new business area. I think our agents aren’t feeling that the instance. One off extreme examples on the new business side, where there is aggressive pricings has subsided a bit. So it’s – and from our standpoint – from our standpoint, a lot of our new business activities coming from newer agencies, newer states, so that’s expected. We will expect that to happen. So I really can’t I made many, on either Paul.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O’Neill: And my second question is investment question. I’d like to see if we can handle on just how much is the fixed income portfolio, may be rolling of in the next year or so. And what could that do to investment returns on the fixed income book, as we given the lower interest rates environment?
Marty Hollenbeck: Hey Paul, it's Marty Hollenbeck. It’s – for remainder of 2011 that in the fourth quarter about 1.3% of our fixed portfolio loss at 5.1% book yield 2012 and in 2012 it’s about 5.7% and 5.4% book yield. To give you one more year 2013, 8.5% and 4.7%. So we are – our reinvestment rates is great now or actually at lower rate and we’ve been losing probably on average 8 to 9 basis points in the quarter over the last 2.5 years in book yield. So we kind of give you an idea of the run rate.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O’Neill: Terrific, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Mewhirter from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Doug Mewhirter – RBC Capital Markets: Yes. Good morning. I’ve had two questions. First, could you, Jeff or Steve maybe comment, maybe the demand side for – on your commercial customers, are you seeing favorable trends in audit return premiums. Are you seeing more – what kind of unit growth trends are you seeing given that your commercial policies are somewhat tied to economic activity?
Steve Johnston: Good question, the Steve. I’ll just give the number and then turn it to J. F. for the color it. We are seeing a favorable moment there and the increase in audit premium contributed about $8 million to our own premium this quarter.
J. F. Scherer: And, I guess, just by way of taking a look at our book of business, a substantial amount of that is in the construction area. So in terms of how we are viewing the marketplace, construction is not particularly recovering. So in terms of any increase in unit counts or payrolls or sales, we are not seeing that in a construction area. We are seeing it in the manufacturing area. We’re like – we are a player in the more light manufacturing, so there is some improvement there. But for states like Texas and some areas where there is slightly more government spending, we are not seeing a lot of increased demand.
Doug Mewhirter – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks, that’s helpful. My second question, you may have mentioned it in your opening remarks or your release. But did you – what were your net agency appointments in this quarter, through the number of agencies?
J. F. Scherer: Well we – our goal this year is 120, I believe we’re at 101 through the third quarter of this year. And so – and just by way of just a little bit of commentary on that, I like to say we’ll finish the year at 121, 23 of those will be in new states. We’ve done a fairly good job in Texas, Colorado and Oregon and adding agencies there. But 78 will also come from what we would considered to be established dates but as he said in his opening remarks we consider it to be unreserved. So if you will, we be not only are expanding in the newer areas, but we’re also refreshing our agency plant is needed throughout the country.
Doug Mewhirter – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks. That is all my questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman from Adage Capital. Your line is open.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Hi, I had a follow-up on couple of things. The earlier question about non-cat weather on the personal lines, I think you gave year-to-date, you have that for the quarter?
Unknown Participant: No, Ian, I don’t have it for the quarter. I don’t know if anybody else in the room has it. I have it on the year-to-date basis, but not for the quarter.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Okay. The reason I was asking, is it – I’m looking at you homeowners loss ratios X development, X cats, for all of last year, in the first quarter this year, or is was roughly around to 70 and then went up to a 98 last quarter and 86 this quarter. I’m wondering why there has been such a stock upwards movement in last year quarters ex-cat?
Unknown Participant: Yes. Let me just – the way I look at it is comparing the full year of 2010 to 2011. And I think explaining that and that’s kind of why I had the full or the year-to-date number of 2.8 on the ex-cat also from our reinstatement premiums, that’s an additional 2.4 points. And this is for the entire personal lines segment not like just homeowners.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Okay.
Unknown Participant: I think, if we look in that regard is where we see that we’re. It’s been a tough year, it’s been tough year for personal lines. I think when you consider both of those factors, the reinstatement premium at 2.4 points the ex-cat whether at 2.8 points. It puts us in a pretty good position. And I think more important and again being forward-looking, as we follow these personal lines rate changes thus far, building a considerable cat load, I think it’s about 26 loss ratio points on the homeowner side. We feel we’re going to be at a run-rate where our homeowner’s rates will be sufficient to get us to 100 combined ratio on a go forward basis on a written basis. So that’s the way we’re looking at personal lines at this time.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: All right. That’s helpful. Also on the new business you made the comment about – in the press release about the growth from the Asian side last year, which is obviously a good sign, but if I sort of backed it out and applied new business from – the order agents was down in the quarter, can you – I don’t know what call that in the past, is there been a decline at the order agents and what may be driving that?
Unknown Participant: Hold on Just a second here, I’ll get the information. So we had no other, in fact this quarter was actually a pretty decent quarter as far as new business coming from existing agencies. We had – from our established states an 8% increase in new business, the 32 of what we would call established states and then from the newer states a 19.7% increase. So we’re satisfied across-the-board, with how things are going.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Okay, great. And this is my last one, as far as, and at the nation’s signs of better pricing. Is there anything you’ve seen from a type of account or whether it’s package versus smaller line or three year versus one year. I mean, any sort of trends popping up or is it a more broad-based?
Steve Johnston: I don’t think, it’s broad-based. I don’t doubt for a minute that – and we’re – as we use our three-year policy in this marketplace where there is a recognition, I think in the marketplace that rates are going to start rising. We’re taking a duel approach on our pricing, where we will offer a one-year policy price and then a much more aggressive, but that I mean a higher price on three-year policies. So I do think that the advantage we enjoy with our three-year policy will probably benefit us, as time goes on, as far as new business is concerned.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Okay. So that, is that differential wider than normal I think, because that was going to be my follow-up was, is there any signs of agents we’re going to start kind of lock industrial policies before rates move up?
Steve Johnston: The differential between one year and three prize press is wider than normal. And, yes, I do think agencies will start trying to lock in.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Got it. Okay, great, thank you.
Steve Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Vincent D’Agostino from Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open.
Vincent DeAugustino - Stifel Nicolaus: Hi and good morning, Again sorry, just one follow-up and apologize if I have had missed It, but in terms of the besides the back guidance from the 10-Q it looked like the book value per share impact should be limited to about $0.15 to $0.30 if I’m thinking about that correctly?
Mike Sewell: Yeah. This is Mike. So that’s correct. We really don’t think it’s going to really have a material impact.
Vincent DeAugustino - Stifel Nicolaus: All right. That’s all I needed there. Thanks, so much.
Steve Johnston: Thank you Vince.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I’ll turn the call back over to the presenters.
Steve Johnston: Well, thank you for listening to our long-term perspective, and now our agent centered business model and our investment approach build value over the long term. We look forward to speaking with you again on the fourth quarter call. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Dennis McDaniel – IR Steven Johnston – President and CEO Michael Sewell – SVP, CFO and Treasurer J.F. Scherer – EVP, Sales and Marketing Marty Mullen – Chief Claims Officer
Analysts:  Matt Warman [ph] – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Vincent DeAugustino – Stifel Nicolaus Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Market Paul Newsome – Sandler O’Neill 
Operator: Good morning my name is Stephanie and I will your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Cincinnati Financials Second quarter for 2011 conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remark there will be a question and answer session [Operator Instructions] Thank you Mr. Dennis McDaniel, IR Officer you may begin your conference.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations officer for Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for second quarter earnings conference call. Like yesterday we issued a news release on our results along with our supplemental financial package and we filed our quarterly report on form 10-Q. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website www.cinfin.com/investor. The short route to the information is in the far right column via the quarterly results quick link. On this call you’ll first hear from Steve Johnson, President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Mike Sewell. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including Executive Committee Chairman Jack Schiff Jr., Chairman of the Board Ken Stecher, Executive Vice President J. F. Scherer, Principal Accounting Officer Eric Matthews, Chief Investment Officer Marty Hollenback and Chief Claims Officer Marty Mullen. First please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking, these forward-looking statement involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to this risks and uncertainties we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory rules and therefore is not reconcile to GAAP. With that I’ll turn the call over to Steve.
Steven Johnston: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. The loss of life and destruction of property caused by a record number of tornadoes, numerous hailstorms and high winds were devastating to families and communities across the United States during the second quarter. While it’s impossible to completely fix the situation, our well-equipped claims professionals gave tremendous effort to settle claims in a prompt, courteous and professional manner and under very difficult circumstances. We handled nearly all of the claims with our own associates. Over one-third of our field claim staff from various parts of the company left home to perform additional storm duty sometimes more than once to assist in areas hit hard by second quarter catastrophes. And the claims representatives that remained at home worked extra hard to maintain high levels of service in the less affected areas. It was a total team effort and we sincerely thank them. As an example, their promptness and efficiency was demonstrated by already closing over 80% of more than 21,000 claims from second quarter storms. We are hearing positive reports from our agents and understand that the claims effort is resulting in new business being referred to our agents by satisfied customers. In terms of dollars and cents, the storms clearly hit us where we operate. The record setting catastrophe losses resulted in a second quarter combined ratio of 136.6 in an operating loss. Reflecting on this memorable quarter, our risk management efforts proved effective including prudent use of reinsurance. Despite incurring the two most costly catastrophe losses in the 60-year history of our company, each with estimated losses before reinsurance that more than doubled our largest prior event Hurricane Ike in 2008. Our shareholders equity and book value per share both increased during the first half of the year. And that was after returning $127 million to shareholders in the form of a cash dividend. We continue to execute and improve upon our risk management strategies including appropriate use of reinsurance, improved pricing, a diversified investment approach, strong loss reserves and geographic expansion. We reinstated our reinsurance program during the Second Quarter which had the effect of reducing the quarter’s earned premium by approximately $38 million. After the second event, we purchased additional third and fourth event catastrophe cover for the rest of the year. Coverage now attaches at $70 million which means our loss retention level is still relatively low. Similar to our program in effect at the beginning of the year we retained a share of losses above the attachment point and our share for the third and fourth event catastrophe cover is 15%. The second quarter storms demonstrated the benefits of our reinsurance program as our recovery of losses is now estimated at over $220 million from the April and May storms. Our diversified investment portfolio contributed gains to the balance sheet and generated higher investment income. Mike Sewell will provide additional investment detail in a couple of minutes. We continue to be confident about the strength of our loss reserves. We maintain a consistent approach and aim to remain solidly in the upper half of the actuarially estimated range which we believe is important for longer term financial performance. Another positive trend was our premium growth. It was broad based occurring in all three property casualty segments and profitable growth will help increase future earnings more rapidly. We believe there are pricing and improvement initiatives are gaining traction as the effect of higher catastrophes and the associated reinstatement premium more than explains the increase in our second quarter and first half combined ratios. We continue to rate increases in our personalized segment and our excess and surplus line segment has been able to increase rates for nine consecutive months. While commercialized renewals in total had a net average price decline estimated at 1% approximately 75% of policies were flat or had an increase in our Workers’ Compensation line experienced a solid price increase. Life insurance earned premiums also grew in the second quarter as did profit. That segment remains an important contributor to operating results and helps smooth out the naturally more variable results from property casualty operations. On May 31st, our new CFO Mike Sewell joined the team and the effects of his contributions are already being felt. Now Mike will provide some perspective on financial results and our financial position.
Michael Sewell: Great. Thank you Steve and thanks to all of you for joining us today. I’ll start by highlighting some of the key components of investment performance. Net investment income rose 2% for the second quarter on a pretax basis. For investment portfolio in total, the first half 2011 after tax average yield was down 16 basis points from a year ago and 20 basis points on a pretax basis. The bond portion of the pretax yield declined by 30 basis points, dividend income from equity securities grew at a double digit pace during the first half of 2011 partially offsetting the decline in the bond portfolio yields. Dividend growth faces a tougher comparison for the second half as you may recall in last year’s third quarter, we completed [inaudible] of holding. [Inaudible] did not pay a dividend in the second half of 2010 dividend income benefited from redeployment proceeds from that sale. The sum of realized gains plus the change in unrealized investment portfolio gains in the first half of 2011 was 284 million pretax. That total represents a 23% increase over the balance of unrealized gains at the end of 2010 boosting our portfolio’s total return. We ended the quarter with equity securities representing 25.3% of total invested asset fair value, 1.2 percentage points below that measure at the end of March. In part that was due to second quarter bond portfolio gains outpacing our equity portfolio gains. Our investment approach has not changed. Valuations for our various portfolios in recent quarters have fluctuated at levels within what we consider normal variation. Moving to insurance operations, let’s take a closer look at the combined ratio components on a consolidated property casualty basis. There are several moving parts to consider. Loss and loss expense reserve development on prior accident years during the first half of 2011 had a favorable effect on our combined ratio by 10.3 percentage points matching the full effect of 2010 ratio effect. To look at the underlying trends we adjusted to cancel out the effects of catastrophes in the reinstatement premium. On that basis the loss and loss expense ratio for the first six months of accident year 2011 improved 0.2 percentage points compared with accident year 2010 measured as of yearend 2010 and the underlying expense ratio improved 1.0 points. Controlling expenses remains an important focus throughout the organization. Even as we aim to improve service in selected areas of strategic importance we see the expense ratio benefiting from future growth. We expect to continue realizing policy processing efficiencies over time from our investment and technology along with other process improvements and further deployment of performance metrics. Net cash flow provided by operating activities for the first six months of this year was slightly positive but well below last year’s level due to higher paid losses arising mostly from catastrophes. Pay losses and loss expenses, net of reinsurance were up 263 million driving our 249 million decline in operating cash flow. We studied various ways to keep fueling investments, steadily supplying our portfolio managers with new cash to invest while also providing for consistent dividends and other corporate needs. We decided in mid-July to tap more of our existing lines of credit for an additional 55 million. The terms of borrowing are very favorable including a floating interest rate currently just under 60 basis points. If that borrowing had occurred before June 30th the effect of 55 million on our debt to capital capitalization would have raised it modestly to 15.0% compared with the 14.2% we reported. We ended the second quarter with over one billion in cash and marketable securities at the holding company level and we remain in great shape in terms of capital, liquidity and financial flexibility. The contributions to both value per share for the quarter are as follow property casualty underwriting losses reduced book value by $1.06, the life insurance operations added $0.08, investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.45. The change in unrealized plus realized capital gains from the fixed income portfolio increased book value per share by $0.38. The change in unrealized plus realized capital gains from our equity portfolio provided growth of $0.16 and again, we paid $0.40 per share in dividends to shareholders. In total, book value decreased by $0.39 during the second quarter to $31.01 per share, $0.10 above the year end 2010 level. Adding the $0.40 per share dividend, our value creation ratio for the quarter stayed in the positive territory at 0.1%. For the six months of 2011, our value creation ratio was 2.9%. That concludes my prepared comments and I’ll turn it back over to Steve.
Steven Johnston: Thanks, Mike. Before we move on to questions, I would like to share some observations based on my first few months as the new CEO. I’ve spoken with many of our agents and associates. They share with me a high level of confidence in the future of our company. Our efforts are concentrated on profit improvement plans that are showing early signs of success. Our tools and processes are changing but continue to embrace the principles that generated past results and will lead to profitable growth. Capital remains strong and will allow us to handle difficult circumstances that come and go while continuing to reward shareholders over the long-term. I appreciate the opportunity to give you a glimpse of the Cincinnati financial. Jack Schiff Jr., Ken Stecher, J. F. Scherer, Eric Matthews, Marty Mullen and Marty Hollenbeck are here with Mike and me, and we are available to respond. Stephanie, we’re ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Matt Warman [ph] from KBW. Your line is open.
Matt Warman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Gentleman good morning. I guess Steve, could you start off by talking about any areas of outlying strength or weakness on the pricing side. It seems like commercial lines growth was stronger than I had expected in the quarter.
Steven Johnston: Sure, Matt. I’ll give it a shot and then I’ll turn it over to J.F. to see if he has any additional insights. But in terms of pricing overall, I think on the personalized side we continue to get rate in the homeowner’s area in the upper single digit. After the events of the second quarter we actually went back in some of the states and filed for more additional rate than we had originally planned for this fall. So we feel that we’re getting rate in homeowners and we think our retention is holding up well. Personal auto, we’re getting rate in the low single digit area so we feel that that is also holding up well as our retention remains high. We are adding the predicted modeling capabilities to personalize now for the third year. So in addition to the rate increases on an average, we’re getting more rate on those risks that we feel need more rate. And we’re also seeing the distribution of our book shift towards the more profitable accounts. Excess and surplus lines I think has been strong in terms of rate increase. They’re in a tough environment I know because the market is soft. They face competition of E&S riders. Also we here reports of standard companies that they relax their terms and conditions to go after what had previously been E&S business. And through all of that we’ve been able to get rate increase on E&S side now for nine consecutive months. Moving more into the commercial line segment we are down overall still slightly around 1%. But on most risks, 75% over 75% were either renewing flat or up a little bit. It’s the larger risks that are under pressure and we’re seeing some need to take rate decrease there to hold on to some quality larger risks. And then also in the worker’s comp area, we are getting rate now and we’ve been getting some rate there for some time. J.F. is there anything. I was kind of long winded there, is there anything…?
J.F. Scherer: Steve, I guess to me that covers it. I think there are some questions relative to property and in particular there have been questions to property increases in the affected areas Steve mentioned in homeowners we’ve been able to refile there. In the commercial lines area just add some color to that. It might stand to reason that because of the significant catastrophes and in the Tuscaloosa area and Joplin area, places like that, that property increases would be quick and easy to get. The psychology that we experienced there though is that the policy holders in those areas are still if you will traumatized by what happened to them. They are in many cases, a lot of the property that we insure or they have insured isn’t fixed yet or having difficulties getting contractors to take care of a lot of that type of thing. So the psychology of going back to those people right now and in effect saying that we have another property loss for you in the form of an additional premium or increased rates in property isn’t as easy as you might think. However, having said that, I think that’s temporary in the sense that once the trauma is passed, once people are back on their feet, everyone will expect that rates will go up and we think we’ll be able to get those rates as the months go on.
Matt Warman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, great. And then next question on your reinsurance plan, you guys historically have had a very conservative plan in place. Obviously with the recent weather over the last couple years and this quarter in particular, any thoughts kind of after this year, going forward sort of restructuring that plan at all.
Steven Johnston: Oh, that’s a good point, Matt. I mean, I think about that quite a bit. Talk with Tom, Joseph and our brokers and I think we will take a full look at our program when it comes time for our renewal, which is a one-one renewal. But I think your point is well taken and we will be investigating all of our alternatives in terms of structure.
Matt Warman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, great. And then just last question looked like there was some sizeable, favorable on the E&S book. Any color there?
Steven Johnston: Yes. We are conservative reservers. We’ve been conservative with all of our segments including excess and surplus lines. And we started out using more – not having our own E&S data, more data from our similar lines within our company, industry data. And this time for the first time we were actually felt comfortable using our own E&S data. And I think it showed favorable development particularly on the lost adjustment expense side. And I think it makes sense in that we tend to write lower limits in our E&S book than we do in our other lines of business which makes it have some common sense behind the favorable development that we’re seeing.
Matt Warman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, great. Thanks very much, guys.
Steven Johnston: Thank Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent DeAugustino from Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open
Vincent DeAugustino – Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning.
Steven Johnston: Good morning, Vince.
Vincent DeAugustino – Stifel Nicolaus: Just real quick this topic comes up a lot given its importance to your investor base with August coming up and being the typical dividend raising time of the year, I’m curious what metrics do you look at as a hurdle rate for continued dividend increases. And I guess how are you feeling about sustained increases when 2011 that will probably be the fourth consecutive year of combined ratio north of 100. And then I guess I would go on the limits and say that you would agree with the assessment that Cincinnati probably has the excess capital to handle an increase. I’m just curious if there is any rating agencies pushback with a payout ratio near above 100% for a few years now.
Steven Johnston: Good question Vince. It’s timely given the quarter and I anticipate it’s a natural question. We see in terms of the quarter, we see the quarter as an income statement event. It hit our income statement hard. The balance sheet though remained largely unscathed. I think our risk management efforts kicked in. The premium surplus ratio is at 0.8 to 1 which is where it was at the end of 2010. Our book value per share is actually up $0.11 over the first half. Our leverage remains less. So as you point out, we have the balance sheet strength to continue our dividend policy. We did cover the dividend in 2010 as you mentioned the payout ratio was high. But we were able to cover it and we – given that we feel that our balance sheet has been unscathed, we still see that this quarter happened. We’re putting it behind us. We think the initiatives that we have in place to improve the operating results of the company will pay off and will put us in a position to continue on with our dividend strategy. We always have to put in the caveat that it’s a board decision. And we discuss the dividend policy with the Board actually every quarter but we feel we’re still in the same position that we were at the end of the year.
Vincent DeAugustino – Stifel Nicolaus: Great. And then one more if I may I’m curious if the new geographical business if that’s inherently more profitable maybe because there is less of a need to ensure renewal of existing business and maybe less precedent setting with the agents. So I’m wondering if maybe new regions you can come in a little bit higher but without the same renewal concerns as in existing markets or if there is some sort of learning curve on new business in those regions that kind of prevents such an advantage?
J.F. Scherer: This is J.F. relative to the new areas we’ve had the good fortune as we opened up new states or expanded the new territories to do so with experienced field reps. In all of those areas fortunately for us the reputation of our company precedes us. Agencies want to do business with us. There is a more deliberate effort on their part to build a profitable book of business with Cincinnati Insurance Company for no other reason. If they do that then they’re less apt to appoint their competitor so they protect us from the beginning of the relationship. And because it’s important that we achieve success together, I think they give us a bit more attention than they might other carriers. Having said that, and we do measure the loss ratios we’re seeing in newer areas and on a trended basis, we’re actually seeing that those loss ratios are more profitable than existing areas. So we think we continue to do it right and that we don’t explode on to the scene in any of these states. We take a very long-term approach right from the very beginning. And we have been successful in all of the new states where we’ve entered.
Vincent DeAugustino – Stifel Nicolaus: All right, great. Thank you so much. .
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Vince.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: Good morning, everyone.
Steven Johnston: Good morning, Josh.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: I was looking through the queue and noticed that you said you rolled out the predicative modeling tools in commercial lines this quarter and it will be a full rollout. I guess when I say this quarter I mean 2Q and full rollout in 3Q. I’m wondering how that is going to affect ratios in worker’s comp it still seems like you’re still around 140% combined and what we can hope for going forward.
Steven Johnston: You’re right; we are continuing to roll out the predicative modeling. We have rolled it out for the personal lines. The worker’s comp has been actually rolled out for a few quarters now. It’s gaining traction. And I think that when I look at the accident years particularly with the long tail line like workers’ comp, I try to look at it over a longer period of time and we think we’re seeing improvement. If we look at the loss ratio that we had in place for the full year of 2010, this would be the accident year before catastrophes obviously catastrophes and workers’ comp that’s 106.5. For the six months we’re down to 102.3.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: Loss or combined?
Steven Johnston: So we see improvement grant we would hope that it would be quicker. But I think that also some of the non-rate items that we into place in terms of claims handling, loss control, all the initiatives that we have in place take a bit of time to show up in the data. In other words, we want to be sure that what we’re seeing is real. But we have seen a lot of positive signs in terms of not only rate but the other initiatives that we have in place to improve worker’s comp. And I don’t know if maybe J.F, Marty, Mike, anybody else wants to chip in anything else on that.
J.F. Scherer: No. I think you covered it fair I think we’re pretty happy with the traction we’re getting. The new business that we are writing in comp as a result of the models are coming in at more favorable modeled scores than in the past. So we think we’re laying the ground work for success in the future in that regard. So I think all of the initiatives we have going in worker’s comp are showing good progress. Our loss ratios in the other lines property, casualty and auto have been pretty stable. They actually are pretty good. We’re very happy with what we’re seeing with the new model though it’s been in test we’re going to roll it out to all of our field underwriters in August as well as all of our HQ underwriters. So the experience we’ve had with workers’ comp, the implementation of it as another tool for underwriting I think has been beneficial for us and we have a lot of confidence that the modeling that we’re going to be doing on the balance of the book of business will make a contribution too.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: And what about loss trend? A couple of your competitors who have reported before you say they have seen uptick in loss trend on workers’ comp.
Steven Johnston: Josh, this is Steve. Actually I want to make one comment before I jump into the loss trend. Just to make sure to point out, and I’m sure you’ve seen it that we had had favorable development on prior years during the first half of 16.9 loss ratio points. That is consistent with the 12.6 points of favorable development we had at year end 2010 and so I always like to point out when we look at the accident year that we’re consistent in our reserving practices as we have favorable development on the prior years keep in mind that we are being consistently conservative on our pick for the current accent year, such that our reserve margin in total we can keep consistent from the beginning of the period to the end of the period for all accident years.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: Absolutely.
Steven Johnston: And then in terms of the trend, our trends of late have been benign. I think we may have been early on to adjust the trends that we saw back in 2009. Our reserving systems which I think are pretty state of the art kicked out what we thought to be some increasing trends. We took strong action in 2009 if I remember right we added about $49 million in reserves in 2009. Since then, since we made that change, it’s been pretty stable. I think we’ve seen a decrease in frequency, an increase in severity that’s been pretty benign, such that our loss cost trend has been consistently benign of late.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: Great. And one small question, its small line but not one I understand well, in the specialty practices although there is a big drop-off of premium and a significant amount of cap losses. Do you have any thoughts on what went on there to help me understand what you’re doing there?
Steven Johnston: I can speak to the cat losses in terms of the premium. We’ll touch that later but in terms of the cat losses, we do write a lot of our small business and it’s coded into this specialty package, and it really was just like the rest of our property lines hit hard in terms of the catastrophe losses. And so it was exactly as you see it in terms of the cat loss effect. Do you want to take a shot at this?
Steven Johnson: Yes. Josh, on the specialty packages, we have some lines of business such as churches in that and some of that business is being moved to standard package policies. And so which gives us an opportunity to get better rate. There is nothing broken in that particular line of business just some movement of premiums.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: So 10 million went out of especially in packages and was divided up between commercial property and commercial casualty probably?
Steven Johnston: Yes. And then one other thing to consider and I agree 100% with what J.F. said, with the catastrophe losses happening, we’ve had reinstatement premiums that we paid. We touched on 38 million for the quarter and so that is going to be allocated to lines where the actual catastrophe losses were incurred and so the specialty packages is going to get a proportionate share based on their losses of the reinstatement premium allocated and that is going to have a negative impact on the premiums.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: Thank you for all of the color as usual.
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Josh.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Heleniak from HBC capital market. Your line is open.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Market: Scott Heleniak with RBC. How are you doing?
Unidentified Company Speaker: Hi, Scott.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Market: Just a couple questions. The first is obviously the cat losses were pretty significant in the quarter just wondering if this particular quarter changes your strategy at all as far as reducing property exposure in certain regions or just causing you to not write the business unless you’re getting significant rate increases. So just wondering if you can touch on that as far as whether the policy count in homeowners in particular as you expect that to change at all or potentially shrink?
Steven Johnston: Scott, I think that when you have tornadoes, it is a fairly random event in terms of where it hits, very devastating where it hits. I think our strategy and we recognize our concentration, so you’re making an excellent point. The strategy has been more to write more premiums in our expansion states out west and Texas and Utah. We’re into several new states out there. We’re getting I think over 20% of our homeowner new business coming from our seven expansion states. So I think while we look at our exposures where we have concentration, the main emphasis in terms of our geography is to write more in more dispersed areas such that when any event hits a particular area it has less impact on our overall results.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Market: Okay. You said 20% of new business that’s just in homeowners that you’re talking about?
Steven Johnston: Yes.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Market: Okay. And then some of the other competitors that have mentioned a lot of non-cat related weather losses. I’m just wondering if you saw that same sort of impact. I didn’t really see much mention in the release about that.
Marty Mullen: Yes, Josh. This is Marty Mullen. Exactly we’ve experienced the same type of non-cat weather issues in commercial and personal lines. You know adjacent states not involved in the cats but also sustained significant weather. Tide claims impacting the loss ratios.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Market: Okay. And then my only other question was just based on the E&S unit which is wrapping up well had favorable development. I’m just wondering are you writing any different risks or accounts than you were when you started this business a few years ago and do you expect that to change? What do you think the business will look like as far as premium volume in a few years assuming the market gets better? How much can you wrap that up?
Steven Johnston: Well, I would say what we’ve experienced here this year on the E&S side has been a bit more activity of standard market carriers putting price pressure. Our hit ratios are down a bit. We continue to write about 85% casualty lines, 15% property. We have added some miscellaneous professional lines to the business. We don’t really feel that we need to expand our appetite aggressively. We have a lot of opportunity within our current agency force to write the E&S business they currently write. One of the things that we are beginning to do is add field underwriters to our marketing efforts and underwriting efforts for the E&S business. Up to this point, all the ENS business would have funneled in here to headquarters. After having first gone through our standard market field reps, it would come in here for under writing and pricing. We have individuals who we believe are capable that are now going to move out into the field, call on agencies in person, just as that model has worked beautifully for us on the standard side, we think that will help us continue to write business in our agencies without any aggressive increase in our appetite. Our agencies write somewhere around $2 billion in excess and surplus lines business. If you were to eliminate half of it as business that would not fit our appetite, we have an opportunity to write a billion dollars with a model that is pretty attractive. And so we think the balance of casualty to property is about where it will be. I think it’s worth mentioning that we’re not trying to write this in big chunks. Our average premium this year is just a little over $4,800. The medium size policy we issued in CSU our excess and surplus line company was just a little over $2,100. So we’re very much a special events conservative writer. Some agencies because they’re pretty comfortable with us, are working real hard at moving a lot of the business our way.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Market: Do you write E&S through all of your agencies right now?
Steven Johnston: Well, we write ENS, and this is a point to be made only new Cincinnati company agents. We do not use wholesaler market. So it’s only appointed Cincinnati insurance agents that write through us. I think it’s worth mentioning also that the premium and losses from excess and surplus lines business is included in or co-mingled with the premiums and losses with their standard business for purposes of the profit sharing we offer to our agencies. So in addition to the incentive of writing business with us because there is no middle person involved, because our field claims reps will handle claims because our loss control reps will provide lost control services where none is available in the standard excess and surplus lines marketplace. The agency also has an opportunity to earn profit on that business which is an incentive for them not to put poor excess and surplus lines business with us but to be more careful and thoughtful about the business they send our way. So we think we have a fine model. We do business only with the agencies with whom we have a relationship and we have good knowledge. And so having said that and given the opportunity that exists within our own agencies, we think we can keep our appetite about where it is and grow nicely.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Market: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Steven Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome from Sandler O’Neill. Your line is open.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O’Neill: Hello, guys and thanks for the call. One follow-up question to the – I would like to push back on the strategy of improving catastrophe exposures by geographic diversion. I’m looking at your results for the last four or so years. They look pretty tough. Doesn’t that suggest on sort of state by state basis within the current territories you are underpriced for catastrophe losses given how the persistent the losses have been year over year and wouldn’t that be not helped at all by the geographic improvements you maybe have a better weighted average return but you would still be underpriced in the geographies that you are from a catastrophe loss area. Am I just missing something?
Steven Johnston: No, Paul. That’s a good point and I probably should have addressed it. You’re absolutely right. We can’t and I didn’t want to suggest that we weren’t doing you know taking corrective actions within our current operating territories. We are taking rate. We’re trying to get rate add adequacy. We’re trying to get the most rate on those policies that we think have the highest expectation for future losses. I think a lot of our activity has taken place in coastal states. We’ve done a good job in Florida over the past three years or so of reducing our exposure down there such that our average annual loss from hurricane, the expected value of that has dropped from 13.6 million a year to three. We’ve taken similar action in Mobile, Alabama, Savannah. We’ve taken rate in our current states that we operate in so it has to be a total effort. And I should have given that more full description when I was talking about the geographic expansion.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O’Neill: Great. Thank you.
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Vincent DeAugustino from Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open.
Vincent DeAugustino – Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks for taking the follow-up just the one here. I’m curious if there is any strategic plans for the life segment other than its diversification benefit. It just seems like there could be some cross opportunity there given the strong agency relationships or maybe even in the group life product space.
J.F. Scherer: Vince this is J.F. we do have efforts where we in particular in the work site marketing payroll deduction life insurance side where we exchange information about commercial accounts that we write on the property and casualty side with life company to try to take advantage of writing more life insurance particularly on a voluntary basis. We have many property and casualty agencies as they grow larger, as they see particularly with the soft market on the property and casualty side they’ve been much more open to other revenue strings. They’re putting life insurance specialists in their agencies. Frankly we have good luck with general agencies. Life only shops in the communities in which we operate as well. About 70% of our premiums come from property and casualty distribution the balance from life only distribution. So we have many initiatives in place in try to bolster the life company’s activities. We probably see a fair amount more agency appointments in that area and a bit more cross selling.
Vincent DeAugustino – Stifel Nicolaus: Great. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And I’m showing no further questions at this time. I turn the call back over to the presenters.
Steven Johnston: Okay. Thank you, Stephanie. There was a memorable quarter one we hope we never do again. I do think our claims adjustors did a phenomenal job, both in their service and their estimates. In our preannouncement, we estimated that we would have catastrophe losses for April and May between $240 million and $290 million. And it’s actually come in right at that midpoint so not only in terms of service but in terms of the accuracy, a big complement to our claims adjustors. So I thank all of you for your participation and we look forward to speaking with you at our next call if not before, thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dennis McDaniel – IR Officer Ken Stecher – President and CEO Steve Johnston – CFO Jack Schiff, Jr. – Chairman J.F. Scherer – EVP Eric Mathews – Principal Accounting Officer Marty Hollenbeck – Chief Investment Officer Marty Mullen – Chief Claims Officer
Analysts: Caroline Cameron – Macquarie Research Equities Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital Markets Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital Vincent D'Agostino – Stiefel Nicholas Brad Nelson – Carl Weeden
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kyle [ph]. I’ll be your conference operator today. At this time, I’d like to welcome everyone to the First Quarter 2011 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Mr. McDaniel, you may begin your conference.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer for Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package and we file our quarterly report on Form 10-Q. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our investor website, www.cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is in the far right column via the quarterly results Quick Link. On this call you’ll first hear from Ken Stecher, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Chief Financial Officer, Steve Johnston. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including Chairman, Jack Schiff, Jr.; Executive Vice President, J.F. Scherer; Principal Accounting Officer, Eric Mathews; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Chief Claims Officer, Marty Mullen. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Ken.
Ken Stecher: Good morning. And thank you for joining us today to hear more about our first quarter results. Our first quarter was a mix of solid investment performance and premium growth, against disappointing underwriting results. First quarter investment income grew roughly 1%, compared with those a year ago and one quarter ago. Despite a drop in interest income due to the low interest rate environment, generally income grew enough to produce net investment income growth. As we indicated last quarter, it will be a challenge to continue growing investment income as bonds maturing now for 2013 average yield just over 5% for our entire portfolio of bonds and stocks yielded 4.6% during the first quarter. Evaluation of our investment portfolio registered solid gains during the first quarter, as unrealized gains for equity portfolio grew 16% nearly $900 million. Catastrophe loss lowered first quarter 2011 operating income by $0.10 per share more than a year ago. Some improvement in our pricing trends helped keep the overall operating income declined at $0.06 per share. For our commercial lines business modest rate increases upon renewal are being met with less resistance for many smaller policies and we continue to experience steady rates of policy retention. Rate increases for personal lines policies (inaudible) premiums rise 9% and we are seeing modest pricing gains on our access and surplus lines business. Our overall combined ratio was above 100% again this quarter and we’re working to improve the unsatisfying results. As we said at the end of last year, our standard market insurance business for all lines in total other than the workers compensation and homeowner lines and 2010 combined ratio around 95%. We’ll continue to progress on initiatives to keep that core business healthy and on initiatives to return the challenge lines to profitable levels. Our premium growth in business this year emphasizes in deploying additional agencies and enhancing our opportunities to service small business clients and consumers. At the same time, we continue our addition to claims excellence and local associate service and support centered around our agencies. In future quarters, you hear more about our progress on these initiatives. For now, I’ll provide some performance highlights. Our ramped up phase of deploying new agencies in recent years continues to pay off overtime as a relationship with those new agencies matures. Remember, at about three quarters of the agencies appointed by us for more than five years, we rank as a number one or number two insurance company in terms of premium volume. All of our insurance sales continue to experience favorable growth trends. Personal lines had net written premium growth of 12% with new business premiums up 22%. Excess and surplus lines net written premiums grew 38% to $18 million for the quarter with new business premiums up 13%. Term insurance which represents the largest product by volume in our life insurance operation has earned premium growth of 9%. While net written premiums for our largest insurance segment, commercial lines were flat overall, new business premiums were up 8% and renewal premiums were up 2%. Improving exposure level comparative helped to offset modest pricing declines, particularly for larger policies where competition continues to be most intense. We finished the quarter with book value growth of $0.49 up 1.6% per share and we paid a $0.40 cash dividend consistent with our 50 year record of increasing shareholder dividends. In a moment, Steve will provide more perspective on underwriting results and overall performance for the first quarter. But first, I’ll say a few things about our leadership transition announcement earlier this week. As we prepare to move to our new positions and responsibilities, I want to pause and thank you for your interest in and support to Cincinnati Financial over the past three years. I appreciate the diligent efforts the investment community makes to understand and present our story to others. We’ve watched patiently as we’ve strengthened our management team, expanded our operations, developed enhanced processing and pricing tools and provided a clear vision to associates and agents. With that foundation in place, it’s a right time for me to let others bring more youthful energies to full execution of our plans. I was 62 when I took the CEO job three years ago. It’s been a busy and challenging time and it went by quickly, as did my 43 years of service to date. I’m looking forward to having more time for my family and I’m confident that Steve and his team have the ability and drive to overcome challenges and keep the improvements coming. Steve will continue his emphasis on improving our technology and data and the organizational changes he is making will sharpen our focus on profitability. I’ll continue to be available as a mentor and coach and of course, Jack continues to be actively involved in the company and a great advocate for agents. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Johnston: Thank you Ken for those kind words and thanks to all of you for joining us today. As Ken mentioned, first quarter financial results were mixed. On the one hand, we produced an underwriting loss for the quarter with the combined ratio of 103.9%. On the other hand, investment income grew, asset values rose, the balance sheet continued to strengthen and shareholder value continue to increase. Our country and the world were heavily impacted by a series of catastrophes during the first quarter. Catastrophe losses contributed 5.5 loss ratio points to our results, including approximately 1.1 points from the Japan earthquake. By comparison, catastrophe losses contributed an unusually low 2.1 points to the first quarter a year ago. For commercial lines, our largest insurance segment, the quarter’s catastrophe loss ratio was 50% higher than the annual average for the past decade and was higher than the annual cat loss ratio for any of those years, so it truly was an unusual quarter. So far in the second quarter, the adverse weather is continuing. We write in many of the areas that have been affected by spring storms. We estimate on a very preliminary basis the second quarter catastrophe losses occur through April 21st, they total between $70 million and $80 million, with the largest single event estimated at approximately $35 million. Since the 21st, it obviously been an active time for catastrophe losses, our hearts go out to everyone who has been affected with personal tragedy, loss of live, at this point it’s too early to put an estimate as to the effect on our financial statements. We use more than one modeling firm to help in estimating our exposure to catastrophe losses, one of them RMS made a much public revision to its model. The new version increase estimated and losses from hurricanes for us and much of the industry. We are currently studying the new model and its impact on our estimates. The expense ratio was 32.8% down 2.8 points from 35.6% for the first quarter of 2010. You may recall that last year we took a $10 million charge for provision to continued liabilities with 1.4 points to the expense ratio. Property casualty reserves for prior action years developed favorably benefiting the first quarter bond ratio by 7.9 points that compares with 5.6 points of favorable development for the first quarter of 2010 and 10.3 points for full year 2010. Our reserving velocity remains unchanged. We have a very consistent approach targeting total reserves in upper half of the actual range. The change in IBNR reserves added 4.4.points to the (inaudible) loss ratio compared with 2.0 points for full year 2010. As Ken mentioned, our diversified approach to investments produced solid results again this quarter, pre-tax investment income increased by approximately 1.3% to $131 million during the quarter. Both our equity portfolio and our bond portfolio produced unrealized gains after tax for the quarter totaling $85 million. Liquidity, the balance sheet and our overall financial condition continue to strengthen, keeping us in a solid position to grow profitably. Statutory surplus for the property casualty insurance group grew by $56 million during the quarter to just over $3.8 billion and at the holding company level we continue to have over $1 billion in cash and marketable securities. The contributions to book value per share for the quarter are as follows. Property casualty underwriting losses reduce the value by $0.12. Life insurance operations added $0.04, investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.43. The change in unrealized plus realized capital gains from the fixed income portfolio increased book value per share by $0.05. The change in unrealized plus realized gains from the equity portfolio provided growth of $0.49 and we pay to our shareholders $0.40 per share in dividend. Totaling it all up, book value increased by $0.49 during the first quarter to $31.40 per share, adding the $0.40 per share dividend our value creation ratio for the quarter was 2.9%. As Ken passes the baton to me, I’m grateful to find our company in very good shape with a solid foundation that our team can build on. I believe you’re going to find our new CFO, Mike Sewell to be topnotch, his 25 years of experience and knowledge of Cincinnati Financial will be a big benefit to us. You’ll hear from Mike on our second quarter call. We all excited about the opportunity to improve our company both by taking the progress already achieved and applying it across our company and by finding new ways to bring value to the forefront. That concludes my prepared comments and I’ll turn it back over to Ken.
Ken Stecher: Thanks Steve. Before we move onto questions, I’d like to point out that I remain confident in our prospects for the future, although the economic in insurance market conditions since mid 2008 have been quite challenging. Our company’s financial strength, the proven value of our agency relationships and our ability to provide superior service, in addition to our results to grow profitably, will drive long-term value for shareholders. We appreciate the opportunity to address what’s on your mind about Cincinnati Financial. Please remember Jack Schiff, Jr.; J.F. Scherer; Eric Mathews, Marty Mullen; and Marty Hollenbeck are here with Steve and me, and we’re all available to respond. Kyle [ph], we’re ready for you to open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Caroline Cameron. Your line is open.
Caroline Cameron – Macquarie Research Equities: And actually my first question is on the $70 to $80 million of cat losses you mentioned in the second quarter. Are you able to break that on in the commercial lines and personal lines basis?
Steve Johnston: Caroline, this is Steve. We’re not able to do that at this point. I might ask Marty Mullen if he has some additional commentary, I do not believe we have a split between personal and commercial?
Marty Mullen: No. That’s correct. It’s a too early to tell that split but it’s mainly driven by Hail claims in Kansas and North Carolina in the early part of April.
Caroline Cameron – Macquarie Research Equities: Okay. And this $35 million, the largest loss was $35 million, are you able to say what date that was in?
Marty Mullen: Again, that’s driven by Hail events in the area of just only North Carolina, Raleigh area as well as Kansas.
Caroline Cameron – Macquarie Research Equities: Okay. And then, just heard about market conditions, it seems like some of your competitors are actually seeing some improved stabilization in the market and I was just wondering what you think was driving this and what it’s going to take to get the middle market and large account business to be more competitive?
J.F. Scherer: This is J.F. Scherer. We are seeing now sub $10,000 premium accounts the opportunity to fill summer rates and we’re getting that and we expect that we’ll be able to continue this. I might add does that’s true for both the excess and surplus lines side, as well as the standard property and casual side. I can’t speak for the other companies but I will tell you that excess of $25,000 premium accounts. We are still seeing a quite a bit of shopping if you will in the marketplace, there are tremendous amount of activity like carrier in those lines. And so we are not seeing at that premium level, a firming of the market that perhaps some companies are seeing. We’re pretty close to it and I think we understand our marketplace but it’s still pretty competitive in those areas.
Caroline Cameron – Macquarie Research Equities: Okay. And then just quickly, if you just give us an update on capital management and your views there, we’ve seen a couple of deals over the past year more recently. I was just hoping you could give us an update on your thoughts on M&A, the dividend and just other forms of capital management and that’s it? Thank you.
Ken Stecher:
 : On the life insurance side, if there were something became available that was appropriately priced, that maybe something we would consider. As far as the dividend, our fifty year history of increasing dividend is something that we are most proud of. Right now we have strong enough capital to maintain that and we fully understand that you are operating earnings have to exceed that dividend on a consistent basis for that policy to be maintained over the long-term. A couple of years recently we did not muster – we did earned the dividend. This year, obviously it’s too soon to say but it’s something that we are going to do everything that we can to make sure we can maintain that dividend policy going forward.
Caroline Cameron – Macquarie Research Equities: Okay. Great. That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Banc. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: Thank you. Good morning.
Jack Schiff: Good morning, Josh. In the prepared remarks for the press release you pointed out that commercial raves are still declining by low single-digit percentages, given the changes you have made in the workers comp, is that included or excluded in those numbers and what that mean for combined ratio in commercial lines going forward?
Steve Johnston: This is Steve. It does include workers compensation. I think we are getting increases in workers compensation. The rate changes for the total segment are getting closer to zero and we are approaching our loss ratio situation with a multitude of initiatives, but we recognize the rate needs to be part of it as well.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: So would you expect the – your combined ratio in commercial insurance to deteriorate a little further in the near future?
Steve Johnston: We really don’t provide guidance on our forecast of that, I think that it involves an awful lot of variables, but we are working through a variety of initiatives to reduce our accident year loss ratios.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: Do you want to elaborate on that?
Steve Johnston: Well, I can elaborate – particularly on the workers compensation, I think JF can help me out there. We are working on it in terms of loss control, underwriting, claims, expense, initiatives, really every area in the company is cognizant of the fact that we need to reduce the actual year loss ratios and we are all working towards that.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: And I noticed there was a decent drop in the expense ratio this quarter. In terms of the discussion of things that you are doing that are both, perhaps those are some things that are controlling the loss ratio and the expense ratio?
Steve Johnston: Yes we work hard on that expense ratio. This is Steve, again. Do keep in mind that last year, the 35.6 that we posted was increased by 1.4 points by a one-time charge we took for a contingent liability but the expense ratio was down 2.8 points. So we had another 1.4 points of savings and we are working hard to keep expenses under control and to be frugal.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you very much.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Josh.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Mark Dwelle from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital Markets: Good morning. A couple of questions I was just about to ask were just asked, but looking at personal lines, here, you had commented that you were seeing some rate increases there, in the past you provided kind of the ranges of how homeowners and auto had progressed. I was wondering if you could do that again this time:
Steve Johnston: Sure, Mark. This is Steve again. We have taken upper single-digit rate increases on home, lower single digit increases on auto and we have similar plans for this third and fourth quarter to take changes in those magnitudes again. At the same time, we are also providing more precision in that pricing looks – we think much larger increases going to the policies that we still have the highest capacity for loss.
Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital Markets: And there were a couple of different technology initiatives associated with the personal lines, is that all fully rolled out now?
Steve Johnston: I think that technology in this day and age is never fully rolled out. We hope to continue to always improve. But we do feel from talking to agents, that as we’ve rolled out the new diamond product in the various technological capabilities that brings with it, that we are very much in the game in terms of our technology, right in the middle of the pack. The agents I talked to tell me that technology is not an issue as regards to Cincinnati Financial.
Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. You mentioned in your prepared comments about the RMS modeling and so forth. Could you elaborate a little bit more detail in terms of how you view that in the context of all your overall reinsurance buying and historically you have not been an enormous buyer, but are you contemplating any changes there?
Steve Johnston: Sure, Mark. Good question. I think at any time we look at more than one model, we look at our own data. We look at our operating plan, and we consider everything. And certainly to the extent that the RMS model now models greater losses for hurricane England we are going to take that as a consideration in everything we do in terms of pricing reinsurance buying and so forth. But I do want to make sure to point out, that it is just one model and we do look at a variety of models and we look at a variety of factors, but will take into consideration.
Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital Markets: And states such as Florida, for example, while I know some years ago you made a fairly conscious decision to move distinct pretty off the coast, does that change your thinking in terms of just even remaining an active presence in states like that, or would you really more address any kind of concerns that the risk models might present by just using reinsurance as a tactic?
Steve Johnston: Another good question, Mark. This is Steve again and I will address that. The action that we took in Florida has really benefited and paid off in terms of the expected losses and the expected losses for our reinsurers has allowed us to manage our reinsurance cost from what I can tell, again we are still assessing it, but in terms of the new RMS model it continues to show that the work we did in Florida was effective. And so we – we do not have plans to move out of Florida, certainly the focus is more on casualty driven accounts. We have a lot of hard work to reduce the property exposure there and we don’t to go backwards in that regard, but we will continue to do business in Florida.
Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. I appreciate the answers. Thanks.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman from Adage Capital. Your line is open.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Hi. I missed a little bit of the call so forgive me if this was clarified, but did you say the 35 million Q2 event was the Carolina event, was that correct?
Marty Hollenbeck: This is Marty, Ian, that’s correct. It’s a multitude of (inaudible) but it also involved losses in Kansas, North Carolina and a multitude of states.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: So was the St. Louis event a major event as well or does that get more airtime because they have entered – airport?
Marty Hollenbeck: For us particularly, it’s not such a large event – and that was a different storm altogether.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Right. That’s right. That’s right. Okay. Great. And just looking through your commercial lines, it looks like the comp loss rates are just starting to get better which I guess is the initiative you have been talking about for the past few quarters. On the other side, it looks like commercial auto combines, the loss ratios are going backwards, I think, can you talk about that?
Steve Johnston: Looking at commercial auto. Okay. This is Steve, Ian and I think we both say about the same thing. I would like to give the line over to JF a little bit – the workers compensation, we do Bill is improving. It is – we think due to a variety of initiatives. I will let JF say a few words about that. In terms of the auto, we feel pretty good about our commercial auto experience. Really, it’s holding up well and it’s going to have some variability by quarter and so forth. But I think our commercial auto experience is not one that we are overly concerned about at this time.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: I was just looking – it’s been, this quarter of last, sort of a mid-70s loss ratio ex-development and it was in the 60s most of last year, that’s why I was picking up on – were there some more losses or something that maybe that’s a blip?
Steve Johnston: I don’t think it’s anything of a trend, and, I just think that we had a couple of quarters there are and there's going to be some more along that line.
Analyst: Fair enough and then just, I’ll ask on the personal auto, on the growth, I was just encouraging, I just want to get a little bit more color on where that’s coming from. Is it commercial agents where you are doing more of the personal lines for your commercial clients or is it personalized old agencies or is it more of a new agencies versus the old? So what type of customer is driving that growth?
Ken Stecher: I think certainly we have a good reputation amongst our agencies. And we feel that they do put quality accounts that they may have of commercial line experience with – with us on the personal lines as well but it goes beyond that. We have a very active marketing plan and personalized. So it is much beyond those accounts for which we write the commercial.
Analyst: Okay. And is there anything, I don't know if certain stage that you're doing better or certain ages or certain types of drivers, I want to do – it was a release for us just across the board, everything kind of, up this double digit?
Ken Stecher: The one thing on the personal line side, that we do see as we’ve implemented the new pricing analytics is that the categories that we feel have the least propensity for loss, lower risk categories we are seeing growth there and it’s representing an ever increasing percentage of our overall growth.
Analyst: Okay. So that would be the high and preferred it sounds like.
Ken Stecher: Yeah. It’s not necessarily just the high and preferred because with the new rating algorithms, we look at a multitude of rating variables. And so it's going to go across more spectrums than that but we do think it is those risks with the least propensity for loss.
Analyst: Algorithm. That is very helpful.
J.F. Scherer: This is J.F. I would just add a little bit to your question about the number of agencies. Over the last four and half years, we have actually appointed 238 agencies that were previously only representing us for commercial lines. That has added significantly, we have added another 212 ages these as we have appointed agencies in the general course of appointments over the same period of time. So we have gotten quite a bit of the boost from appointing those previously commercial lines on the agencies.
Ken Stecher: That is actually very helpful and maybe that prompts one more take on it. Is it really the expansion in the agencies you're getting from on the shelf to a low market share or are you having success going from may be before you were 10 in auto and with aging, you're getting up into that top three?
Ken Stecher: I think as Steve mentioned little bit earlier, the improvement of our automation of our diamond system has made a significant impact for us early to grow in our previously appointed agencies and then those agencies, that here before did not want to do business with us in personal lines because we did not have the automation of billing capabilities. So we would have every expectation but yet we will grow into a prominent player in the agencies and personal lines.
Analyst: So it sounds like there is so lot of runway down for personal and auto to keep growing.
Ken Stecher: (inaudible) run rate to grow there.
Analyst: Great. Thank you. That is all I have. I appreciate it.
Ken Stecher: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent D'Agostino from Stiefel Nicholas. Your line is open.
Vincent D'Agostino – Stiefel Nicholas: Thanks for taking my question. I have just one, it looks there is about reporting of agencies appointed in the quarter. So just following up on that discussion. Were those in the newer states or the older legacy states and then I think last year, your target was 65 agencies but 90 were added. Is there a target you got to share for 2011? Thank you.
Ken Stecher: Sure. The target of 2011 is 120 agencies. We have a bit of a mix. 92 of those agencies were projected and what we would call establish dates, 28 in almost entirely with the exception of Connecticut, Western states, we have opened here in the last four or five years. The new appointments that we have made so far this year have been across the country, we have none in any particular area. We had four in New York. We opened in Connecticut and downstate New York. So we appointed a few more there in New York in terms of very large numbers that is mainly across the board and as I mentioned, 92 will be what we consider establish states and the rest have that.
Vincent D'Agostino – Stiefel Nicholas: Great. Thanks. That is all I had.
Ken Stecher: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator) Your next question comes from a line of Brad Nelson [ph] from Carl Weeden [ph]. Your line is open.
Brad Nelson – Carl Weeden: I have a little note here that says roses are red, violets are blue, Macy INF continue to bless all of you and thank you for all the effort all of you do to help shareholders and their policyholders and I wanted to know that I personally appreciate all of you in the efforts you do and how you send people to college to get master's degrees and how you empower your people to go higher. It's a great gift to see that in America continue and thank you.
Ken Stecher: Thanks Brad. You heard today. We’ve got a lot of strong initiatives in place. I’m a little impatient that things haven't improved a little bit quicker but the weather has slowed things down, the economy is starting to pick up a little bit but as I said in my prepared comments, I remain very confident and we definitely appreciate your investment in our company.
Brad Nelson – Carl Weeden: You're welcome. Thank you.
Ken Stecher: You're welcome.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Ken Stecher: Thank you for joining us today. We hope to see some of you at our annual shareholders meeting on April 30 at the Cincinnati Art Museum and others are welcomed to listen to our webcast of the meeting. We look forward to speaking with you again on the second quarter call. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dennis McDaniel – Assistant VP, IR Ken Stecher – President & CEO Steve Johnston – CFO, SVP, Secretary & Treasurer Martin Mullen – SVP & Chief Claims Officer J.F. Scherer – EVP, Sales & Marketing
Analysts: Caroline Steers – Macquarie Vincent D'Agostino – Stifel Nicolaus Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Simon, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cincinnati Financial Fourth Quarter 2010 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Mr. McDaniel you may begin your conference.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello, this is Dennis McDaniel Investor Relations Officer for Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Late yesterday, we issued a news release on our results along with our supplemental financial package. To find copies of any of these documents, please visit our Investor Web site, www.cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is in the far right column via the quarterly results quick link. On this call, you'll first hear from Ken Stecher, President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, Steve Johnston. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses maybe made by others in the room with us, including Chairman, Jack Schiff, Jr.; Executive Vice President of Sales & Marketing, J.F. Scherer; Principal Accounting Officer, Eric Mathews; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Chief Claims Officer, Marty Mullen. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory accounting data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call over to Ken.
Ken Stecher: Good morning and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our fourth-quarter and full-year results. Our fourth-quarter results were good, the highest quarterly operating income in three years. For the year, we outperformed 2009’s combined ratio and operating income, covering our shareholder dividend through operating results. After paying our $0.40 per share quarterly dividend, we grew book value per share $0.11 during the quarter despite a significant decline in bond portfolio valuations for us and others in our industry. Part of the book value growth was from appreciation of our equity holdings, further demonstrating how our portfolio mix contributes to long-term shareholder value creation. For the year, our value creation ratio was 11.1%. That's within a percentage point of our targeted range for the annual average in any five-year periods. We believe that several initiatives to improve our insurance profitability and premium growth will drive stronger value creation over the next several quarters. We've increased our shareholder dividend now for 50 consecutive years, and we'll continue working to reward shareholders and other stakeholders for years to come. Investment income for the fourth-quarter was up 2% compared with the third quarter. Steve will provide more details on that plus portfolio evaluation changes. I'll just note that we expect lower prevailing interest rates to continue pressure investment income trends for us and other companies. Our relatively higher concentration in stocks means we have additional opportunities for growth of dividend income, an addition to capital appreciation. Given the pressure on interest income, we recognized the need to continue to execute on strategic initiatives to improve underwriting results and profitably grow our business. We intend to do just that in order to achieve our performance objectives. We successfully executed our 2010 premium growth initiatives growing net written premiums by 2% after ending 2009 with 3% premium decline. We reached a record high for new business written premiums at $414 million, an increase of $9 million or 2% over 2009. Personal Lines drove the $9 million increase in new business, contributing $15 million and total net written premiums for Personal Lines grew steadily, ending the year up 9% including 10% in the fourth-quarter. Personal Lines market conditions have improved, increasing the impact of our initiatives for improved pricing precision, easier to use policy processing technology for our agents and expansion in the new states and agencies. Targeted rate increases help grow renewal written premiums by 7% for the year. Those increases should continue to improve combined ratios over the next several quarters as the written premium increase is earned. For our Commercial Lines segment, net written premiums were down 26 million or 1%, which is a nice improvement from the 6% decline in 2009. While we are still seeing commercial renewal pricing declines in the low single-digits, we continue to benefit from entering into new states. In 2010, net written premiums growth from five states since late 2008 was $29 million. The drag from audit premium returns diminished as the year progressed and the effect was nearly flat by year end. We expect to see positive contributions from audit premiums in future quarters as our general liability and workers’ compensation lines benefit from the recovering economy. We made very satisfactory progress in developing and delivering several important information technology initiatives. Agents continue to comment favorably on our Commercial Lines policy processing technology The system now is available in a total of 30 states as we achieved the goal we communicated to you a year ago of deploying to 19 states in 2010. Our excess and surplus lines net written premiums rose 47% to $58 million in 2010. As the year progress, we saw more standard lines companies running business that was formally in the E&S market. We demonstrated discipline by scaling back on new business, increasing it by only $3 million compared with an $18 million increase the year before. While renewing excess and surplus lines policies we obtained price increases averaging in the low to mid single-digit range. Our life insurance subsidiary also continued to register growth with earned premiums up 10% and fixed annuity deposit premiums up 11%. Coming to underwriting results for most of our property casualty lines of business, we maintained a healthy level of profitability. For all lines under the workers' compensation, homeowner and excess and surplus lines, the 2010 combined ratio average 95%. Net profitable core business represents almost 80% of our property casualty premium volume. On an all lines basis, the 2010 combined ratio improved 2.8 percentage points to 101.7%. We continue to develop pricing precision tools to keep the healthy lines profitable and to improve the unprofitable ones. We continue to believe the property casualty underwriting performance is our most powerful lever to growing operating earnings. We are now using predictive modeling tools incorporating pricing analytics to increase pricing precision in our major Personal Lines of businesses after workers' compensation. We plan to add the remaining major Commercial Lines of business during 2011 and that will support our goal of underwriting each line of business at a profitable level. Existing tools for pricing precision will continue to be improved including further integration into our process existence and workflows. In late 2010, we implemented another round of significant rate increases for our homeowner lines. We plan similar increases in 2011 to continue moving these lines of profitability as rate increases are earned. We've previously discussed additional workers' compensation initiatives focusing on claims handing and loss control that we believe are working in approving results to that line of business. Our excess and surplus lines' 2010 combined ratio improved 40 percentage points and 115.4%. Startup expenses are leveling off and our progress toward the underlining profitability is meeting our expectations. In summary, we have successfully achieved completion or reached major milestones for several initiatives during the past two years. That builds confidence that we’ll continue to execute our strategy for ongoing profit improvement and growth. You'll hear more in future quarters about new initiatives and our progress on several that are ongoing. Now, Steve will give you his perspective on results for the fourth-quarter and the year.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Ken. The fourth-quarter was profitable with casualty underwriting, life insurance operations and investments, all contributing to strong operating earnings. 2010 was noteworthy in that Cincinnati Financial increased our dividend to shareholders for the 50th consecutive year. That puts us in an exclusive group with approximately 10 other publicly-traded companies that have a 50-year or longer track record. The strong fourth-quarter resulted in operating earnings that covered our shareholder dividend both for the quarter and the full-year. Our value creation ratio goal is to average between 12% and 15% annually over a five-year period. For 2010, the VCR was 11.1% and for 2009, it was 19.7%. The fourth-quarter combined ratio of 93.1% improved the full combined ratio by 2.8 points to 101.7%. Catastrophe losses contributed just 7/10 of the loss ratio point to the quarter and 5.1 points for the full-year. The full-year underwriting expense ratio was 32.8%, no change from 2009 and slightly better than the estimated range of 33% to 34% target in our first quarter conference call. Property casualty reserves or prior attributes developed very favorably dedicating the fourth-quarter combined ratio by 17.6 points. For all of 2010 prior accident reserves developed favorably by 10.3 loss ratio points compared with 2009 favorable development of 6.4 points. Our reserving philosophy remains unchanged. We have a very consistent approach resulting now and in 22 consecutive years of favorable development of prior accident year's reserves. We continue to target total reserves in the upper half of the actual range and we believe that our shared reserves are in virtually the same position within the actual range at the end of 2010 as they were at the end of 2009. Nearly, all of the favorable development for accident years 2007 through 2009 with majority of it coming in our commercial casualty line of business. Our updated loss reserve estimate shows each of these accident years developing favorably by an average of about 7 points. There is no assurance that accident year 2010 will develop similarly, but we can assure that we have been consistent in our reserving practices. Now for some detail on investments, our diversified approach to investments produced solid results for both the quarter and the year. Pre-tax investment income decreased slightly to $130.1 million for the quarter from $130.9 million a year ago. For the full-year pre-tax investment income increased $17 million to $518 million. Higher average invested assets due in part to healthy operating cash flow more than offset declining portfolio yields. Unrealized gains before tax for our $3 billion equity portfolio grew 30% during the fourth-quarter to over $750 million. Considerable attention has been given recently to the health of municipal bond issuers. I’d like to give you a quick profile of our holdings. Our municipal bond portfolio is approximately 63% of shareholders’ equity. It consists of approximately 1,000 securities with 95% rated A, or higher. Approximately two-thirds of the portfolio is general obligation, of which, only $3 million worth are state issued and one-third of the portfolio is in revenue bonds. Despite the fourth-quarter sell-off, our municipal portfolio was trading at over 103% of book value at year end. Additionally, we have no foreign sovereign debt exposure. As a reminder, our entire portfolio is listed and updated quarterly on our Web site. Liquidity, the balance sheet and our financial condition continue to strengthen putting us in a solid position to grow profitably. Even after a dividend of $220 million paid to the holding company during 2010, statutory surplus through the property casualty insurance group grew by $129 million to approximately $3.8 billion at year end 2010. At the holding company level, we continue to have just over $1 billion in cash and marketable securities and our debt to total capital ratio also improved to 14.3%. Summing everything up, the contributions to book value per share for the quarter are as follows. Property casualty underwriting profits contributed $0.20, life insurance operations added $0.08, investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.47. The change in unrealized plus realized capital gains from the fixed income portfolios reduced with value per share by $0.99. The change in unrealized plus realized capital gains from the equity portfolio provided growth of $0.75 and we paid to our shareholders $0.40 per share in dividends. Totaling it all up, book value increased by $0.11 during the fourth-quarter and by $1.66 or 5.7% for the full-year to $30.91 per share. That concludes my prepared comments, and I'll turn it back over to Ken.
Ken Stecher: Thanks, Steve. Before, we move on to questions, let me conclude by saying we like how our assets are structured, as we see several advantages with our higher mix and equity securities. At the same, we remain confident that our reserves are strong due to the consistency of our approach. We ended the year with our usual high quality balance sheets A.M. Best A plus security rating just affirmed on December 13th. Combining a strong balance sheet with the strength of our agency relationships and superior service along with our profit improvement and growth initiatives positions us well to profitably grow our business and create long-term value for shareholders. We appreciate the opportunity to share our optimism for the future and to hear your questions Jack Schiff, J.F. Scherer, Eric Matthews, Marty Mullen, and Marty Hollenbeck are here with Steve and me and we are all available to respond. Simon, we are ready for you to open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Caroline Steers with Macquarie.
Caroline Steers – Macquarie: I was wondering if you could please just first comment on cat losses so far in the first quarter and just whether there's been any uptick in claims versus what you saw last year?
Martin Mullen: This is Martin Mullen. Actually, in the first quarter we've had very little cat activity so far this quarter.
Caroline Steers – Macquarie: So the winter weather hasn't been a big problem for you?
Martin Mullen: No, there hasn’t been any cat declared yet for this winter storm. I’ll tell you, in last several days the claims certainly are premature at this point. We can anticipate the normal type of winter weather claims from this snow storm of collapse in water and plumbing freeze losses. But at this point, it's too early to tell how severe storm image will be.
Caroline Steers – Macquarie: So it doesn’t really seem quite yet out of the normalized amount you might see typically in the first quarter?
Martin Mullen: That's correct.
Caroline Steers – Macquarie: And then just on development, I was just hoping that maybe you guys could just break that down a little bit by line and by year and then just go over how you think about favorable development going into 2011, whether it's for Cincinnati specific or just the industry?
Steve Johnston: Caroline, this is Steve. Good question. It was very favorable quarter. I think for the year it was reasonably consistent. We had 10.4 points of favorable development, 10.4 points on the loss ratio. If you remember a year ago we did some strengthening on workers' comp. If we were to take workers comp out of both years it would have been 10.1 points in favorable development in 2010 and 9.1 points in favorable development in 2009. So I think it's a steady approach. Commercial casualty led the way this year with about 27 points for the full-year in favorable development. Last year, commercial casualty also led the way with about 22 points of favorable development. I think the key thing to keep in mind is we have a very steady approach here. Our claims management, some of the things I look at is, one, is the consistency in our claims management. Marty Mullen who just took over 2.5 years ago is only the fourth Head of Claims in the 50 years company history. The senior management in our claims department has over 30 years of experience. The headquarter supervisors have over 20 years of experience on average, and the people in the field average right around 13 years of experience. So, it's a very consistent approach that I don't think would result in changes in claims reporting, patterns or settlement rates, that's one thing I look at it. Another thing is the position in the actual range. We feel that we are in virtually the same position reserve wide in the actual range at the end of 2010 that we were at the end of 2009, so we feel it's a pretty steady long-term approach to saving reserves.
Caroline Steers – Macquarie: Okay, great, and then just a quick numbers question. How much cash you guys currently have at the holding company?
Steve Johnston: I might get back to you a little later in the call. It will take us few minutes to pull the sheet on that.
Caroline Steers – Macquarie: Okay, great. Thank you.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Carol.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent D'Agostino with Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open.
Vincent D'Agostino – Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning, everyone. I guess just two questions. Looking at snowfall accumulation and I guess getting back on the topic of first quarter cats, I was just curious how many inches of accumulation either from a single event or say, in like a week or so, how many inches would it take before you guys would expect to see a meaningful increase in a roof collapse type claims for either home owners or CMP in your core states? And then just one follow-up. Thank you.
Martin Mullen: This is Marty Mullen, Vincent. It’s a pretty difficult question to answer specifically because of the type of snow it is hitting those particular areas, heavy snow, light snow, if there is windblown snow, if it’s drifting, a lot of those issues apply to the type of damages you can expect from collapse, as well as the type of construction in the different areas that we have, the types of roofs, flat roofs and then certainly on commercial roofs. The age of the building is certainly a factor. So all those will interplay with what the frequency rate might be of the impact of the high snow banks on the roofs.
Vincent D'Agostino – Stifel Nicolaus: I guess changing gears then. I guess this is the second quarter of strong term life premium growth. Do you think we’re at the point yet where consumers are loosening up a bit and picking up coverage that they may have lapsed over the course of the recession or can we just chalk that up to Cincinnati-specific expansion growth in new areas or agency appointments? Thank you.
J.F. Scherer: Vincent, this is J.F. Scherer. We continue to get a nice amount of premiums from our property and casualty agents that represent about 70% of our life premiums. The term insurance improvement I think is reflected of some improvement in rates on our part making our products more attractive. We also see because the economy is a bit poor, people would invest more in term insurance than they would in a cash value-based life insurance. So I think for us the improvement is probably less industry-specific than it is just that we continue to improve our penetration and our success in our agency force.
Ken Stecher: Real quick I might provide the answer to the earlier question of Caroline Steers, we have about $38 million in cash at CIC Holding Company only, of the $385 million total consolidated to the group in cash. Move on to the next question now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Heleniak with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Hello, good morning. Just had a couple of quick questions on Personal Lines, first, I noticed there was an uptick in severity in some of the claims you had some large claims in the quarter. Just wondering if you could give a little bit of detail on what you are seeing there and whether that’s continued into 2011.
Steve Johnston: Scott, this is Steve. You are right on, we did have some large losses in the Personal Lines side, and we had some buyers towards the end of the year around Christmas time. A couple of large buyers. We also had more than usual number at UM claims, so I think you are right on target, we do not see the trend, really haven’t seen it in the first quarter that I am aware of.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then also on Personal Lines wondering you are getting nice price increases, I was wondering if you had some detail on what kind of price increases you are getting in auto versus homeowners. And where your policies and force count stands now, what kind of growth you are seeing there as well. I don’t know if you guys have any of those metrics to share?
Ken Stecher: You're right; we're getting good premium growth. I think it's more on the homeowner side than the auto and the upper single-digit for the homeowners, there are lower single-digit for the auto. We are seeing growth in policy accounts still and maintaining our persistent fee ratios even with the rate increases. I don't have exact policy account number. We got more to trend and the trend has been moving up. In terms of where we are we feel we still need rate, we feel we attain rate adequacy in several of our states and we’re getting close to others, but we are going to continue to need to move the rate higher, but I think we're heading in the right direction, it is going to take us a little while to earn these rate increases, but we feel we're moving in the right direction for the Personal Lines segment.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. So the rate increases you referenced those will be applicable for this year or is that fourth-quarter you expect that number to stick this year as well?
Ken Stecher: We tend to take the rate increases in Personal Lines during the late third-quarter and fourth-quarter, so we'll probably in the next round same time in 2011.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: And next question, this is probably for J.F. I noticed that when you look at the states, the growth in Texas ramped up pretty significantly in 2010, just wondering how you are able to ramp up that growth in that particular state that quickly if you learn anything, I know it's obviously a bigger market, but just wondering how you're seeing that business ramp up a little bit quicker than some of the other states that you expanded in the past few years? Was there anything behind that?
J.F. Scherer: Yes, Scott, exactly. Our new business in Texas was $21.4 million and then Colorado, another new state was $8.7 million. I think Texas is, as much as anything purely a function of size. The population, we've got 33 locations in Texas now we've appointed. That has been quicker. Two years ago, I probably wouldn't have anticipated perhaps it being that quick we have five territories now, five experienced field reps down there, we'll be adding a sixth territory this upcoming year. Receptivity in Texas from those agencies has just been excellent. We've done some things pretty aggressively. We placed field claims representatives in the state really before we had any real financial justification to do. We didn't have that many claims, but we wanted to have Cincinnati field claims reps prepared to handle claims from the very beginning of our relationship with our agents there. We have loss control on the ground there. So, we've ramped up, if you will, our infrastructure, which, for us is our individuals working out of their homes pretty quickly in response to just how responsive the agents were to our model, so, we're pleased with how things have gone there. Our two territories in Colorado improved this year over the last. We've added a third territory there and are taking the same approach there. We want field claims reps, loss control folks there so that we know what we're writing, and we get great service right from the very beginning. And then our agencies, in an effort to persuade us, not to over-appoint agencies in their area will focus on growing their book of business with our company. So, new states on the drawing board, this year, we hope to see some progress then with the Oregon where we'll have two territories here shortly and then Connecticut. So we’re very pleased with how things have gone in the new states for us and we’ve done nothing special, Cincinnati model all the way.
Ken Stecher: Okay. That’s helpful. Scott, this is Ken Stecher. I have some policy account information for you, if you like that.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Sure.
Ken Stecher: On automobile at the end of 2009, we had 269,000 policies, at the end of ’10, 290,000 and homeowner 359,000 at the end of 2009, 379,000 at the end of 2010.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: The only other question I had left was just on investment portfolio. I know you touched a little bit on your municipal exposure and obviously, equities has had a pretty strong run here in the past few months and into this year, just wondering how you’re looking about equities in munis right now and whether you will be adding or trimming to these net exposures given what’s going on in the marketplace right now, or was it just status quo?
J.F. Scherer: I don’t think we are going to actively downsize either those two portfolios. You probably know the munis market in the fourth-quarter was the worse in almost 17 years. Arguably, there is some value we had. They are depending on what side of the arguments you’re on. In equities, no, type of equities we buy dividend paying, dividend growing stocks, we feel do well through most all market cycles and they certainly tend to outperform in down cycles. Any addition there is going to be within some constraints that we place on size of the equity portfolio, as it relates to several internal metrics. So I don’t see a significant downsizing now.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: My question was, if we go in a little bit into the favorable development and talk about the vintage of what's maturing and what not?
Steve Johnston: This is Steve Johnston, Josh. Good to hear from you this morning. We are seeing most of the favorable development coming from accident years 2007, 2008, and 2009 that happening in 2010. By line, commercial casualty will be the one with the most favorable development but all-in-all it's been favorable overall. It's part of the consistent approach, a place where we feel we are in the same position in the actual range at the beginning and the end of the year. Our consistent approach has now resulted in our 10-K showing 22 years in a row, favorable development. But in specific answer to your question, during 2010, favorable development came from accident years '09, '08, '07 for the most part and each one them has averaged about seven points of favorable development from the position of which they started.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: And given the methodology, I know you obviously certify that reserves are your best approximation of where they should be at the moment. But do you have thoughts on the trend continuing and what not?
Steve Johnston: I think the fact we feel that the reserves are at the same position in a actual range now that they were at the beginning of the year, tends to give us a feeling that we would see favorable development again as we go forward.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: And if I think back, I know a lot of you guys have been there for a while. What's different now about reserving than maybe it was around 10-15 years ago? It seems like that Cincinnati is showing favorable development as some of a newer trend, and in fact, in the past, you’ve had higher ROEs on core business, but lower favorable development. Now we're having lower ROEs on core business, but a lot of favorable development, has something changed in the company?
Steve Johnston: Josh, we don't think it's changed, it is consistent, as we say it's been 22 years now that we've had favorable development, so maybe some of them been here longer than I might want to comment but I'll tell you it seems like a very consistent approach both from the actuarial side and the methodology there. And then as mentioned earlier, the people in our claims department have been in place nearly for decades. The transition between managers has always been very smooth and measured not something that I would see with probably reflection here or there generating any changes in procedure.
Ken Stecher: Josh, this is Ken Stecher. when you’re talking about ROEs, are you referring to just our profitability, the total capital retained earnings, shareholders equity because before we started to saw off the equities, the financial stocks, a lot of unrealized depreciation and that drove down our total profits to shareholders equity quite a bit, because obviously, we're earning less on those investments, so are you referring to that, are you looking at that?
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: I’m looking at very long-term history here and trying to break out ROE from what I would say is core underwriting results versus ROE from overall underwriting results. And the contribution from favorable development is obviously quite high right now, much, much higher than it's ever been anytime I'm seeing in the past.
Ken Stecher: One other thing that's been transpiring is, we have been moving a larger percentage of our business is Commercial Lines versus Personal Lines. That's been transitioning over the last 10 years to 15 years. And obviously, the Commercial Lines were much longer tail lines, so that maybe part of it. I don't have any further…
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: Well, congratulations on a very good quarter.
Ken Stecher: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And your next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman with Adage Capital. Your line is open.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Thank you. Good morning. I guess I wanted to ask a little bit different question on reserves and I had some Personal Lines questions. I guess, to be honest, you guys have always had an outstanding reputation for your reserves, and if I recall you've never had a reserve shortfall. So, I'd not question the integrity of your reserves at all, but I'm wondering if you could just help me understand, when I hear numbers like 27 points out of commercial casualty one-year and 22 points the next, so that's 50 points total. If I heard that from some of your competitors, my eyebrows would raise, right, just how could there be so much redundancy? So, can you help me understand just a little bit about maybe how you reserve a little bit differently from other companies, or just how your profits maybe different that we get such large emergence at one-time from the line like that? Is this going back? I know it’s this much your recent accident years, but 50 cumulative points makes me think maybe it's going back five years or 10 years.
Steve Johnston: This is Steve. I'll take the first shot and I think Martin has some comments as well. It's been a consistent approach. Again, I think the claims management has been consistent. Within the actuarial area we have some pretty sophisticated models to address in multiple dimensions, utilize paid losses, to take out some of the variability that may be there in case reserves and just basically what we have seen, I don’t think we'll learn in this and the commercial casualty area we have just seen things both paid losses and incurred in the more recent periods just develop much more favorably than the models predicted they would have a couple of years ago.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: I know there are some companies who have practices of essentially being higher above the midpoint of range in early years, but gradually being a little bit less about the midpoint as time goes by, do you guys do something like that, that would sort of automatically pre-dispose you to being more conservative upfront and letting the things emerge overtime?
Steve Johnston: This is Steve. I tend to look at the total amount that’s carried at the end of year and at the beginning of the year, where it falls within the actual range of estimates and look for consistency there and that’s what we’re seeing, that’s why we booked the number we did as we felt comfortable that things have developed favorably, more favorably than the models would have projected, but we feel that we are in the same position in the range at the end of 2010 that we were at the end of 2009.
Martin Mullen: This is Martin Mullen. I just could add a few comments to Steve’s. As far as the case reserving the philosophy it's always been maintained over the 30 years that I’ve been with Cincinnati is first of all, taking the perspective that the majority of our commercial book is in the GL side, close to 50% is on the general liability side. The commercial casualty and then ultimately the umbrella and limits that we write to support our insurers on that umbrella limit. When we look at claim files from the issues of liability but also take a keen approach to the severity issues that exist in a file, we think it's really important to recognize the severity of the injury and damages at the outset of the case and lay those very heavily in their initial reserving process. That is the safest and the most disciplined way of looking at these large deal cases from a severity perspective. And I think over the years of our claims staff having the experience in handling those types of cases, they develop positively from a perspective, as the years mature. But there has been no change at all as far as the way we've approached the initial reserving those cases in that general liability line that lead themselves to severity and outlook.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: So it sounds like part of it is actually you've been able to manage the claims, it's part of the macro environment that’s been favorable but it sounds like part of this also you've been able to manage your claims better than the initial case.
Ken Stecher: Well, we evaluate these cases based on the severity liability issues that exists, but we hope to arrive at a better (inaudible). If the case falls within the better defense posture but fortunately, over the years again, based on the type of experience we have in the field and the panel counsel that we use, we feel like we generate the best results in the industry.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Just moving on the Personal Lines real quick, the accident year ex the cats pumped up a bit, I know you said large losses a little bit but also looks like the auto loss ratio was up about maybe 10 points from the past couple of quarters, was there anything unusual there, was it non-cat weather?
Steve Johnston: This is Steve again and you are right. It was stubborn in the fourth-quarter and we think we are doing the right thing, we are taking rate increases on the risk that we think need grade increases and more moderate on those that we don’t more rate on the home, less rate on the auto, but positive on both lines. During the fourth-quarter, we saw rash with large fires around the holiday season and we also saw an uptick in the number of uninsured motors claims on the auto side and even the physical damage was up, it was up in nearly every lines on the Personal Lines side in the fourth-quarter. We don't see it as a trend again, we think we are doing the right things and we are confident with the old trend in the positive direction overtime.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: So there is nothing that would indicate it was from the agencies that you think that are new to Personal Lines or anything like that?
Steve Johnston: We're not saying that.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Okay, great. And then just the last thing as far as the winter storms this week, I know as you said it’s actually too early to have a great sense, but just I assume your phones are ringing off the hooks at the claim center. I mean do you have any sense from that as far as just the amount of inbound call activity? How that will compare to some other events?
Martin Mullen: Ian, this is Marty Mullen. Fortunately, we have the advantage with our field staff being in action living in the areas that service the agencies. We get a lot of our intelligence from the field staff living in those communities. I have to be honest, to-date we've had very positive results, (inaudible) snow, they got some ice, but things haven't trended as bad as they were predicted to be in most of our areas. Now the unknowns are the areas of Illinois, Chicago, Wisconsin, those kinds of areas unreported so far because of the significant snowfall they did receive. The early indications on some of our other Midwest territories have been trended on the positive. So far so good but we know there's a lot to be said yet for what is in the Northern territories.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: I hope you don't have any of those cars that got abandoned on Lake Shore Drive because it sounds like they are going to be total losses because people can't find them anywhere, so good luck guys. Thanks. Good quarter.
Ken Stecher: This is Ken Stecher. Marty gave a great answer. I think one thing we could delay it, when you have that much snow and it starts to melt, it refreezes multiple times and then water would start to back up.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Yes. I could tell you. I live in Chicago, and we had that last night. We had to be clearing out some snow (inaudible) started to melt, so it will take a little bit of time I think here, but so…
Ken Stecher: As Marty already said, things have seemed to be somewhat optimistic, looking at sun for sure.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Okay, great, thank you guys.
Operator: And there appears to be no further questions at this time. Mr. Stecher, I turn the call back over to you.
Ken Stecher: Thank you, Simon. Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in Cincinnati Financial Corporation. We look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter call. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Stecher - President and Chief Executive Officer Steve Johnston - Chief Financial Officer J.F. Scherer - Executive Vice President, Sales & Marketing Martin Hollenbeck - Chief Investment Officer
Analysts: Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus Dan Johnson – Citadel  Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets Dan Schlemmer - Macquarie 
Operator: Welcome everyone to the Cincinnati Financial first quarter conference call. (Operator Instructions) Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer, you may begin your conference.
Dennis McDaniel:  Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer for Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Late yesterday we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package and we filed our quarterly report on form 10Q. If you need copies of any of these documents, please visit our Investor website, www.cinfin.com/investors.  The shortest route to the information is in the far right hand column via the Quarterly Results QuickLink. On the call, you will first hear from Ken Stecher, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Chief Financial Officer, Steve Johnston. After their prepared remarks, investors participating on the call may ask questions. At that time, some responses maybe made by others in the room with us that include Chairman, Jack Schiff Jr.; Executive Vice President, J.F. Scherer, Sales & Marketing; Principal Accounting Officer, Eric Matthews; Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Chief Claims Officer, Marty Mullen.  First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures was provided with the news release. Statutory data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules, and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP.  With that, I will turn the call over to Ken. 
Ken Stecher:  Thank you, Dennis. Good morning to all of you. As highlighted in our news release we reported improving trends in several areas while our industry continues to experience significant challenges particularly in the commercial lines insurance market. Improvement has occurred over the past year in securities markets and our book value per share reflects that with an increase of 25% while we also increased our shareholder dividend. The mix we have selected for our investment portfolio took advantage of favorable market movement. It is up 24% since this time last year. We also grew our first quarter investment income by 5%.  Growth in the portfolio and the income it produces reflect good choices made during 2009 as we invested more than $1 billion in cash that was held at the beginning of the year. We continue to add to our common stock portfolio including net purchases of over $60 million during the first quarter with the intention of balancing current income with long-term capital growth. We have a track record of holding attractive stocks with unrealized capital gains making up over 25% of the equities portfolio and we continue to monitor concentrations.  Our largest common stock position now is about 1% of the total investment portfolio. While our property casualty insurance underwriting results fell short of our goal of a combined ratio under 100% we saw favorable trends in parts of that operation as well. Our personal lines segments combined ratio improved by almost 20 percentage points. While most of that was due to more favorable first quarter weather there also was an improvement in the non-capacity loss ratio reflecting rate increases implemented during 2009 plus better pricing for risk that we attribute in part to our homeowner predictive modeling efforts.  Last year at this time our large volume of business in the Midwest made our property insurance results lag much of the industry due to weather related losses. Results so far this year demonstrate how weather effects tend to even out over time. Our excess and surplus lines operation made a positive contribution to premium revenue trends with earned premiums more than doubling to $11 million for the quarter. We continue to carefully manage excess and surplus lines exposure not only through policy terms and conditions but also by limiting our loss retention to $1 million per risk after reinsurance.  Competition for ENS business has been increasing and kept our new business written premium levels flat. Agents continue to give us opportunities to round out client accounts, keeping the non-standard part of the account in the Cincinnati insurance family. Our earned premiums for our life insurance operation grew at a double digit rate in the first quarter and it continues to be a steady contributor to corporate profit and book value.  Commercial lines is our largest segment and still is experiencing very strong competition making it difficult to achieve price increases. While we achieved price increases on some accounts during the first quarter, on average policies renewed at a price estimated at less than 1% lower than a year ago assuming no change in insured exposures or policy coverage terms. We are staying focused on identifying quality accounts and working to write insurance policies with an acceptable profit margin, walking away from business when necessary.  Our largest drop in new business premium volumes was from Worker’s Compensation, currently an unprofitable line of business for our commercial lines segment. We aim to restore its profitability by carefully applying our underwriting guidelines along with other initiatives. Lower premium volume is a factor that has put upward pressure on our underwriting expense ratio. Investment in technology also contributes to a higher expense ratio in the short-term but it is justified over the long haul because we are confident there will be future benefits.  Our company has a long tradition of holding sales meetings the first few months of the year where we meet with agents face to face to renew relationships and discuss our plans for the coming year. This year was no exception as we have hosted 20 meetings across the country. Some of the important things agents told us this year reaffirm our efforts to build out our technology, to maintain our agency focus and to provide local support in the field.  Our agency centered business model has served us well for decades. We select agencies that are a good match philosophically and that have the potential to make us number one or number two carrier by premium volumes over time. We are able to replicate the benefits of our model for expansion into new states which also will benefit us in the long-term through less earnings volatility from weather related catastrophes.  Since 2007 we have entered five new states; New Mexico, Washington, Texas, Colorado and Wyoming. Those states generated over 10% of our first quarter 2010 commercial lines new business premiums. In the second half of this year we plan to enter Connecticut and Oregon. Our growth initiatives in new states and agencies are part of a positioning strategy for long-term growth. Agencies we have appointed during the past five years write over $7 billion in aggregate property casualty insurance premiums for all companies they represent. That represents significant growth potential as we generally are able to earn a 10% share of the new agency business within 10 years of its appointment.  The continuing selective expansion of our agency plan is one of several initiatives that move our business into a very favorable position for the future. By staying focused on quality coverage products, systems and service, we are confident we will bring value to all of the professional agencies that partner with us.  Now I will turn it over to Steve who will discuss the details of the quarter. 
Steve Johnston :  Thank you Ken. During the first quarter we continued to increase shareholder value. Our primary financial measure, the value creation ratio, was 3.4%. on an annualized basis that falls within our target range of 12-15%.  Breaking down the value creation ratio, book value per share increased by 2.1% and our dividend to shareholders contributed 1.3% with those two totaling to 3.4%. The first quarter combined ratio while an improvement over the first quarter of 2009 was an unprofitable 102.6. Catastrophes contributed 2.1 loss ratio points during the quarter and that number includes one point of favorable reserve development on prior year’s catastrophe losses.  Total property and casualty reserves of prior accident years developed favorably benefiting the first quarter loss ratio by 5.6 points. Our reserving philosophy remains unchanged. We continue to target total reserves in the upper half of the actuarial range. The underwriting expense ratio for the quarter increased to 35.6 from 33.3% a year ago and calls for some discussion. The increase was due to a combination of both higher expenses and decreasing earned premiums. The main areas of higher expense include provisions for matters involving prior years related to Note [9] Commitments and Contingent Liabilities as described in our 10Q and also technology related costs.  We continue to invest in technology to increase the ease of doing business for our agency partners, improve our pricing precision and improve productivity. In terms of specific initiatives we deployed an upgrade to our Diamond Personalized Processing System to all states on February 1. We continue the rollout of our e-class commercial lines processing systems which started with 11 states in 2009 and was planned to go live in another 19 states during 2010.  We also continue to develop more accurate rating plans. We implemented predictive modeling for Homeowners and Worker’s Compensation in the second half of 2008 and in 2009 and we have plans for personal auto in the third quarter of 2010 to be followed by the remaining commercial lines. In January we established a Worker’s Compensation Claims Reporting Center to more efficiently handle Worker’s Compensation claims and contain costs.  We are investing in additional loss control associates which we believe will result in better service for our agency partners and lower loss costs. With all of these investments we expect the expense ratio run rate for the remainder of 2010 to be in the 33-34% range.  Now for some details on investments. Pre-tax investment income increased by 5% to $130 million for the first quarter of this year. Pre-tax realized capital gains contributed $8 million. Also during the quarter we closed out a couple of items that we inherited in the third quarter of 2008 at the height of the financial crisis. We sold the remaining $36 million of collateralized mortgage obligations that we received when we terminated our securities lending program. While we realized a $12 million loss on the sale of the CMOs they had recovered to well above their lows and we feel the action reduces risk in our investment portfolio.  We also received the final payment of $5 million from the previously frozen primary reserve money market funds which generated a $1 million capital gain from the previously impaired level. Overall, the pre-tax unrealized gain in the investment portfolio increased by $149 million in the quarter to nearly $1.2 billion with the equity portfolio contributing approximately $64 million of the increase and the fixed income portfolio contributing approximately $85 million.  Liquidity, the balance sheet and our overall financial condition remain very strong putting us in a solid position to grow profitably. The P&C premium to surplus ration stands at a conservative 0.8 to 1 with property and casualty statutory surplus growing by $44 million during the quarter and that is net of a $50 million dividend to the holding company. At the holding company level we have approximately $1 billion in cash and marketable securities.  Summing everything up the contributions to book value per share for the quarter are as follows; Property and casualty underwriting loss subtracted $0.07. Life insurance operations contributed $0.05. Investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance expenses netted to $0.40. The change in unrealized plus realized capital gains on investments netted $0.63 and we paid to our shareholders $0.395 per share in dividends. The net effect for the first quarter was an increase in book value per share of $0.61 or 2.1%.  The value creation ratio which factors in both growth in book value and dividend contribution finished the quarter at 3.4% and builds on the full-year 2009 BCR of 19.7%.  That concludes my prepared comments. I will turn it back over to you, Ken. 
Ken Stecher :  Thanks Steve. Before we begin the question and answer session let me remind shareholders about our annual shareholder meeting on May at the Cincinnati Art Museum. The meeting is generally attended by most of our directors and senior officers and this year that will include a couple of new faces.  Linda Clement-Holmes was just appointed as a Director in January. She brings a great deal of executive experience in the technology area. John Kellington, our new Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer also has a great track record and broad knowledge of insurance technologies. We are pleased to have them both on board and multiplying our efforts to make it easier for agencies to do business with us. We are fortunate to have many talented board members and company leaders devoted to the success of Cincinnati Financial Corporation and the Cincinnati Insurance companies.  We thank investors and shareholders for supporting the good work they do. To address investor questions, Jack Schiff Jr., J.F. Scherer, Eric Matthews, Marty Mullen and Martin Hollenbeck are here with Steve and me and we are all available to respond. Operator, we are ready for questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus. 
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: On reserves, you mentioned in the Q the commercial casualty development was from 2008 and 2009 accident years. Give us comfort on how that can be done so quickly on that long-tail line. 
Steve Johnston :  That is a good question. I think it boils down to what we have been seeing in the casualty line and Worker’s Comp for that matter but in the casualty line in terms of audit premium. With audit premium going down it is kind of an indication that exposure was less in those more recent accident years than one would have anticipated at the time. So I think I can see on the one side where there could be some concern reserves might be being released too early but I think it is really a reflection of just lower than anticipated exposure during the period. Again, an emphasis of our comment we are very consistent in our reserving practices and haven’t done anything different in terms of our practice over that period of time. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Dan Johnson – Citadel. 
Dan Johnson – Citadel : I guess the right way to think about it is we are not releasing casualty reserves from more recent accident years based on some differing view of the performance of the year were basically releasing reserves sort of in line with reversing out some revenue we had previously booked under assumptions that didn’t turn out to be true. So this is really losses that really weren’t attached to real business? 
Steve Johnston :  I think that is right. I guess I am trying to emphasize we didn’t pull reserves out for any other reasons than different pick from our actuaries based on their view of the exposure and with that exposure has turned out to be less at audit than it was going into policy period. 
Dan Johnson – Citadel : On the expense front the 33-34% that you talked about was that for the full-year 2010 or was that for the remaining three quarters of 2010? 
Steve Johnston :  That would be for the full year. 
Dan Johnson – Citadel : When you think about the plusses and the minuses let’s work with the assumption we are not headed into any sort of fabulous hard market any time in the next year or year and a half, what do we have that is going to help us the most to or what is going to influence the most the expense ratio as you look out over the next year to two? 
Steve Johnston :  I think it is a combination of where is our earned premium going to go and you appropriately referenced the market. So there is some uncertainty there. Also I think we have some technology roll outs and investment. We are seeing the pay back on that on the personal lines already I think in terms of growth and lowering of the loss ratio. Maybe I will just get to the point here. I think the expense discussion this quarter is a tougher one. We had an increase in our contingent liability reserve this quarter from a matter several years ago. It is a legal matter affecting personal lines. We think it is nonrecurring so I think you will appreciate the sensitivity of the issue and I can’t give you any more detail on that one event.  So we have this one-time expense in there. I didn’t want anybody walking away thinking that explained everything. We do have the technology investments that we are seeing payback on. Our premiums are down. So I thought the best way to communicate that is to give the run rate we think for the full-year and that is the 33-34% range. I didn’t want anybody coming away from the call thinking we had a one-time event and our 32.8% last year would hold up because as you mentioned we have had some pressure on the premium side and I think we are making some very appropriate investments in our technology. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus. 
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Sticking with comp and commercial casualty the premium drop wasn’t as bad this quarter. It doesn’t sound like it is because of rate so is there some type of one time quarterly anomaly because of the [inaudible] or something else going on? Or do you think it will go back now the way it has in the past couple of quarters? Is it more of an audit thing I guess is the question. An exposure issue? 
Steve Johnston :  I think we are seeing a little bit of both. I think we are seeing the audit pressure but I also think prudently as we manage the results on that line and start to deploy our predictive modeling we are I think seeing some premium decrease there in Worker’s Comp is a positive. We are just now rolling out the predictive modeling. I saw some of the first reports on retention by [inaudible] and it looks like our [inaudible] management is effective in that we saw the retention on the poorer modeled risks lower than the retention on the better modeled risks but with a recent deployment in a long-tail line like that I think it is probably too premature to get into exactly the impact on the loss ratio yet. I do think the premium going down is a combination of the audits and more prudent underwriting. 
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Can you talk about the predictive modeling you are doing now for comp is that something you have built in-house or is that something you paid for outside? 
Steve Johnston :  We partnered with consultants on most all of our predictive modeling. We have been also staffing up on our actuarial department internally and see it as a partnership. We see the value though in the consultants that are doing this 100% of their time. 
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: On the comp development, this is where I think I got caught off last time, can you say what accident year that was? Is that more of the older years? You have been kind of flipping back around and that was a long-tail but kind of more recent or more older action years? 
Steve Johnston :  It was across the board. In terms of dollar sit was down around $9 million or favorable development of $9 million. We saw minus 5 from accident years 2007 through 2008 and minus five from accident years prior to 2007. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets. 
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: I wonder if you could talk about what kind of price declines you are seeing for new commercial business? I know you talked about flat for renewal but obviously the bigger deal for you as you are rolling out everything to new states. I am wondering what you are seeing on that front relative to renewal pricing. 
J.F. Scherer :  It is especially competitive on the new business side. We have to pick and choose. What we continue to see is particularly on larger accounts very, very aggressive pricing across the board really. In terms of quantifying it last year versus this year it is a little tough because exposures continue to be down a bit. We are seeing much difference between the renewal pricing stability we are starting to see and what it takes to write a new piece of business.  As we go to new states what we find compared to existing states is a larger percentage of the new business we write are in accounts that are controlled by agencies. When we make an agency appointment there is a more deliberate effort on the part of the agency to do business with Cincinnati. We tend to get a look at their current book of business where there is more control and you don’t have to go out into the marketplace and compete against everyone for the new business.  We are, as we have reported doing well in Texas, New Mexico and Colorado and the newer states. Not quite as price sensitive as the priced new business as it would be in some of our more established states where the new business tends to be new to the agency as well. 
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Along those lines I was wondering if you could talk about some of the loss trends. I know it is early but quantifying some of the loss trends in some of the newer states you have expanded into since 2007 and how that is comparing to your expectations in some of the other states? 
J.F. Scherer :  I think as far as loss trends I couldn’t give you a specific on that but as far as Texas and a variety of the newer states are concerned as far as the loss activity we have seen we are pleased with what we are seeing. We are seeing very good accounts, seasoned accounts for the agencies. Accounts they know the history. So we are not seeing anything surprising at all in that area. Actually in Texas, I might add, our excess and surplus lines company has been well received there as well. So we are pleased with the activity levels. 
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: On the investment front, dividend income still a little bit down. I think you mentioned putting new money into equities. I am just wondering how you are thinking about that over the balance of the year? The cash balance is at about $1 billion now. What is your expectation or outlook for the investment portfolio and what kind of investment income growth assumptions you are looking at for this year? 
Martin Hollenbeck :  Dividend income was down slightly from fourth quarter. That was almost exclusively due to some anomalies in the fourth quarter that inflated that number a little bit. For example, MetLife is a company that pays a single yearly dividend that occurred in the fourth quarter. Additionally we have two other stocks that pay quarterly but for accounting reasons that dividend occurred twice in the fourth quarter.  Going forward we will probably stick to our historical pattern of about a quarter of new money going into the equity portfolio. Right now we are at 25% roughly of the overall portfolio in equities. That is a number we are comfortable with. So we are I think for the first time in a number of years back to a reinvestment pattern that more matches what we have historically done.  Interest income was up actually 1.5% sequentially from the fourth quarter. That is about a 6% annualized rate so that is a number that we are pretty pleased with in this rate environment. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Dan Schlemmer – Macquarie. 
Dan Schlemmer - Macquarie: Staying on the investment portfolio if I heard the prepared remarks correctly I think what you said is your largest single holding is now 1% of the portfolio. Correct me if I am wrong. I want to know is that something you intend to stick to as a limit going forward or is that most that is where you are currently at? What would you see as a limit on an individual holding? Maybe if you could comment on what you see as a concentration risk within an industry too? 
Martin Hollenbeck :  Right now Procter and Gamble is our largest holding. As Steve mentioned it is 1% of the overall portfolio and 5.7% of the equity portfolio. We had a hard limit of 10% of the equity portfolio for a single name. As far as sectors go we kind of monitor it on an overall basis and I think we are maybe at about a 30% limit there as well as a multiple [VS&P] weighting for some of the smaller sectors. We are currently in line with all of those limits. 
Dan Schlemmer - Macquarie: On the premium growth, what you are seeing is sort of a down in commercial and some increase in premium on the personal line side which somewhat mirrors what we are seeing industry wide. I wonder if you can comment on how much of the increase is coming from the changes, if you have a sense, how much is coming from changes you are making on the pricing and technology on the personal line side and how much is driven just by overall market conditions that divergence between the growth in commercial versus growth in personal lines? 
J.F. Scherer :  In personal lines certainly it is a combination of improved technology we rolled out and perfecting the pricing modeling together with that. We are where we want to be. In the ballpark. Not the lowest on the street but in the ballpark on pricing. We weren’t for several years and our current agencies along with agencies in newer areas out west, North Carolina and several other new states where they have been very pleased with their relationship with us like our claims service have really given us a lot of opportunity in the personal lines area.  On the commercial lines side as I mentioned earlier it is much tougher on the larger accounts. Maybe to add a little color, the new business for us in property was up 22.5% in the quarter. Policies were up 9.1% and casualty we were up 3.5% in policies but down 2.1% in new business premiums. The big issue for us in terms of affecting our new business growth was Worker’s Comp. We were down 41% in new business in Worker’s Comp but down 20.7% in new policies in comp.  So we are seeing in the market place we are more comfortable operating in the sub-$100,000 size of accounts. We continue to have some success in that area. It is a bit reckless if you will in terms of pricing of new business at the upper end. We are just having an increasing number of situations where we won’t go there because it doesn’t make sense. In terms of victories and in terms of effectiveness with our agencies, in terms of the numbers of new business policies we are writing for our agencies in that middle area, especially $10,000 to $100,000 range we find ourselves being effective.  I think our agencies appreciate that. We are defending our position and our agencies in terms of our preferred position and doing what we can to pick off appropriately priced larger accounts. Maybe that is more than you asked for but maybe it is a bit of a picture of what we are facing. 
Dan Schlemmer - Macquarie: You mentioned the number of states you have added and you have a few more going. I am not sure what it is exactly but I think you are basically in every state except for the largest single state and you have faced these growth pressures. I wonder if that is something you will revisit or if there is any thoughts on would you have an interest in being in California and expanding into that territory? Is that something that is on the horizon? 
J.F. Scherer :  California is from a population standpoint the only meaningful state we are not in. We are in 37 states now. Oregon and Connecticut will raise that to 39. California is a bit down on the list currently in terms of a place to activate. We are examining in every single state market share. We think we have a lot of opportunities in all states. Certainly in the Midwest because of economic pressures in the Midwest; Ohio, Michigan, Pennsylvania and Illinois, not so much in terms of near-term opportunities but we have tremendous opportunities we think in a variety of states including Texas.  We do have teams of people that examine every single state and California is not being ignored. We think with what we have on the drawing boards right now competing for a larger share of our agencies books of business, the improvements we have made in personal lines. Our excess and surplus lines company is doing well. Our target markets division is getting up and running. We are satisfied right now we have enough on our plate with states we are in and are going to enter into next year and this year to keep us busy. 
Ken Stecher :  If I can just add a little more to what J.F. said, we think we have quite a few states we have been in for quite a few years that our market share in that state is less than 1%. As we deliver the technology we are going to try and focus on increasing that market share. We are not going get anywhere near like we have in Ohio with approximately 5% but if we bring those states up to 1% or possible between 1-2% I think it gives us a lot of opportunity for growth. As J.F. said we will continue to look at the new states but we don’t believe we have to make that move at this time. We have other opportunities. 
Operator:  There are no further questions at this time. I would like to now turn the call back over to Ken Stecher. 
Ken Stecher :  Thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our second quarter call. 
Operator:  This now concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Stecher - President and Chief Executive Officer Steve Johnston - Chief Financial Officer Jack Schiff Jr. - Chairman J.F. Scherer - Executive Vice President, Sales & Marketing Eric Mathews - Principal Accounting Officer Martin Hollenbeck - Chief Investment Officer Marty Mullen - Chief Claims Officer Dennis McDaniel - Investor Relations
Analysts: Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus Paul Newsome - Sandler O’Neill & Partners Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets Dan Schlemmer - Macquarie
Operator: Good morning, my name is Rachel, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cincinnati Financial fourth quarter conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions)  I would now like to turn the call over to Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer. You may begin your conference.
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel, Investor Relations Officer for Cincinnati Financial. Thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter 2009 conference call. This morning, we issued a news release on our results, along with our supplemental financial package. If you need copies of any of these documents, please visit our Investor website, www.cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is in the far right hand column via the Quarterly Results QuickLink. On the call, you will hear from Ken Stecher, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Chief Financial Officer, Steve Johnston. After their prepared remarks, we will open the call for questions. At that time, some responses maybe made by others in the room with us that include Chairman, Jack Schiff Jr.; Executive Vice President, J.F. Scherer, Sales & Marketing; Principal Accounting Officer, Eric Matthews, Chief Investment Officer, Marty Hollenbeck; and Chief Claims Officer, Marty Mullen. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, a reconciliation of non-GAAP information as required by Regulation G was provided with the news release and is also available on our website. Statutory data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules, and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. With that, I will turn the call over to Ken.
Ken Stecher: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning to all of you. Thank you for joining us on a morning so crowded with several insurer conference calls. As highlighted in our news release, positive third quarter trends continued in the fourth quarter. For the second half of 2009, we had solid earnings and favorable trends. We made an underwriting profit on an all lines basis, with a 96.8% combined ratio for the second half. That period contrasted sharply with our first half, which included the effects of high catastrophe losses. As a result, strong full year 2009 results in many areas were offset by weak workers compensation and homeowner results, which added almost 12 percentage points to the full year consolidated combined ratio of 104.5%. For purposes of analysis, our combined ratio for the total of all lines of business, except workers compensation and homeowners, would be in the low-to-mid 90% range. We have taken and will continue to take action on workers compensation and homeowners. In the homeowner line, changes in our pricing structure have improved the quality of accounts. In workers compensation, we are using predictive analytics as an underwriting and pricing tool, and we have improved the process of taking claim reports from our insured employers. We are adding to our loss control staff to help serve these accounts and reduce claims. We are optimistic that these efforts are taking us in the right direction to return profitability to these two lines of business overtime. In addition to the $10 million fourth quarter underwriting profit, we saw healthy growth of our investment income and the fair value of our investment portfolio. We were very pleased to see good growth of pretax investment income, which rose almost 5% compared with fourth quarter 2008. We are also preparing to turn the corner on an after-tax basis, which is the right metric to evaluate giving our shift in asset allocation over the past year. We believe the portfolio is positioned for growth of investment income in 2010 and for the full year 2009, unrealized gains in the portfolio nearly doubled, even after harvesting a significant amount of gains. We now have more than $1 billion of pretax unrealized gains in the portfolio, with the equity portfolio representing two thirds of that total. A year ago, we told you our plan for improving our capital position. We have accomplished that through prudent management of our investment portfolio, identifying and applying our risk tolerance parameters at the asset type, sector and issue levels. We have positioned the portfolio to benefit from favorable market trends in the future, while managing downside risk. Our equity portfolios total return for 2009 was positive at a double-digit rate, although it lagged the broader indexes, mainly because the market rally did not favor the higher quality, dividend paying stocks we prefer. Risk management from enterprise perspective continues to be an important part of our strategy for effectively managing capital. We are watchful of internal risk as well as broader risk, such as potential regulatory changes. Now let’s turn to our property casualty insurance business. While premium growth remains a challenge due to the weak economy and soft pricing, our growth initiatives have prepared us to achieve healthy growth as markets improve. These targeted growth initiatives already have created some growth areas during 2009, and we are being careful to drive growth only where we see the potential to have an acceptable profit margin. Our 3.3% full year net written premium decline is modestly better than the P&C industry trend of negative 4.8% for the first nine months of 2009. Underwriting discipline slightly lowered our commercial lines policy retention to the 89% to 90% range toward the end of 2009. We consider that a healthy sign that we are walking away from under priced business. While we don’t expect to see significant improvement of industry commercial pricing in 2010, we believe our agents and field representatives are up to the task of identifying quality accounts and competing to get them on the books at an acceptable target profit margin. We showed good growth in personal lines and E&S, as noted in our news release. Quality is our emphasis in these areas, too. Our pricing changes are producing a shift in our personal lines book, with more growth in the Tiers with lower risk indicators. Our E&S business continues to draw accounts that are typical of our conservative appetite, with modest average premiums of about $5,300. Many of these accounts have been long established in our agents offices, so they have known loss histories. Another area where we are growing very selectively is agency appointments. We mentioned in our news release that we will continue in 2010 to research new states and add agencies to represent us. We select agencies that are a good match philosophically and that have the potential to make us their number one or number two carriers by premium volume as they grow with us over the coming years. We want a meaningful and mutually beneficial relationship. This approach works for, so we have the number one or number two spot in more than 75% of agencies that have represented us for five years or more. So we have tremendous room to grow in Texas, Colorado, Wyoming, New Mexico and Washington, which are states of operation new to us, since 2007. We know that all of our agencies, new or established, need to operate efficiently to succeed, and we are committed to delivering technology that helps them growth. Our agents are responding positively to progress we’ve made in 2009 and early 2010. Last year, our staff successfully accelerated the schedule and delivered our new commercial package and auto system to agencies in 11 states. Those states produced approximately 55% of our commercial lines premium volume. We will continue that accelerated pace in 2010, by year end, agencies in a total of 30 states that produce nearly 95% of our commercial lines premiums will benefit from this system and its direct bill capabilities. While it will take some time to move all of our three year commercial policies to the system at renewal dates, we are well on our way. We are working this week to get our agents up and running smoothly on a new dot net version of our personal lines system. It was deployed Monday to all of our personal lines agencies in all states. The system offers easy navigation and processes all six of our personal lines of business. We’re also proceeding with other initiatives to expand our online services for personal lines policyholders in 2010. These technology advances are part of our agent centered strategy. We believe they complement our competitive advantages of strong relationships, great client service and financial strength, improving our position as the go to carrier in each agency.  To summarize, we’re building a portfolio of quality books of insurance and processing systems that can stand the test of time. We’re overcoming near term challenges to assure an infrastructure that creates value for the long term. Now, Steve will discuss details for the quarter.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Ken, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. The fourth quarter was profitable, with P&C insurance underwriting, life insurance operations, and investments contributing to solid book value growth and pushing the full year 2009 value creation ratio up to 19.7%. The fourth quarter combined ratio of 98.6% reflected no catastrophe losses and benefited from favorable reserve development, including 1.7 points from reserves for catastrophe losses occurring in prior periods. As Ken mentioned, in terms of the full year, 2009 was a tough one for our homeowner line of business. However, increased rates and improved pricing precision began taking effect on October 1. Those pricing changes, the absence of catastrophes and the favorable development brought the fourth quarter homeowners loss and loss expense ratio to an encouraging 53.0, and contributed to a profitable 90.9 combined ratio for the personal line of segment. Total P&C reserves on prior accident years developed favorably, benefiting the fourth quarter combined ratio by 10.4 points. For the full year of 2009, prior accident year reserves developed favorably by 6.4 points, which compares with 10.7 points of favorable development during 2008. You’ll recall that during the first half of 2009, we strengthened reserves for workers’ compensation claims occurring in prior accident years. Removing the impact of workers’ compensation, the total of all other lines developed favorably by 9.1 loss ratio points during the full year of 2009. Our reserving philosophy remains unchanged. We continue to target total reserves in the upper half of the actuarial range. Now for some details on investments, the more diversified investment portfolio contributed nicely to net income and book value growth. Pretax investment income increased to $131 million, up $6 million or 4.7% quarter-over-quarter versus 2008 and up $4 million sequentially over this year’s third quarter. Of the 46 stocks we owned at year end, 39 increased their dividends in 2009 and by an average of 7.6%. Pretax realized gains increased to $247 million for the quarter and to $336 million for the full year. Gains during the quarter benefited from two notable transactions. At September 30, we held shares of both Wyeth and Pfizer. During the fourth quarter, we received cash and Pfizer shares when Pfizer closed its acquisition of Wyeth. We then sold approximately 2.2 million shares of Pfizer. The net result was $169 million in pretax realized gains. These transactions helped reduce the percentage of our common stock portfolio in the healthcare sector to 18% at December 31 from 25% at September 30. Also during the fourth quarter, we sold approximately 20% of our position in Verisk, at its initial public offering, realizing a pretax gain of $26 million. We continue to be transparent and our entire portfolio at December 31 is posted on the Investor Section of our website. Liquidity, the balance sheet and our overall financial condition remain very strong, putting us in a solid position to grow profitably. The year end P&C premium to surplus ratio improved to 0.80 to 1, from 0.89 to 1 at December 31, 2008, with statutory surplus growing to over $3.6 billion at year end 2009. At the holding company level, we have approximately $1 billion in cash and marketable securities, and our debt to total capital ratio also improved to 15%. In terms of capital management, during the quarter, we returned capital to shareholders in the form of our regular cash dividend. The stock currently has an attractive dividend yield of approximately 6%, and our board believes many shareholders value our long time tradition of increasing the dividend. While our $0.395 dividend represents a relatively high 75% payout ratio to operating earnings for the most recent quarter. Our strong capital and prospects has improved future earnings provide flexibility for rewarding shareholders through return of capital. Summing everything up, the contributions to book value per share for the quarter are as follows: Property-casualty underwriting profit contributed $0.05; life insurance operations, $0.06; investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance expenses net to $0.38; the change in unrealized plus realized capital gains on investments netted $0.71; and as we mentioned, we paid to our shareholders $0.395 per share in dividends, totaling it all up, book value increased by $0.81, or 2.8% during the fourth quarter to $29.25 per share. The value creation ratio, which factors in both growth in book value, and dividend contribution, finished 2009 at 19.7%, with 13.6 points coming from growth in book value and 6.1 points being contributed by the dividend; looking longer term, for the five year period from 2010 through 2014, we continue to target an average value creation ratio of 12% to 15%. That concludes my comments, and I’ll turn it back over to Ken.
Ken Stecher: Thanks, Steve. Before we open the call for questions, I’ll call your attention to our news releases this past Monday. The board announced our regular quarterly dividend, $0.395 per share, reflecting the increase last August. They also appointed a new Director with IT and business strategy expertise. We’re fortunate to add Linda Clement-Holmes from Procter & Gamble to our Board, rounding out that group of uniquely and highly qualified leaders. I also note the passing in January of Bob Schiff, one of our company’s four insurance agent founders. He had retired from our Board and his independent agency several years ago, but the spirit of Bob and all the founders’ lives on in our agency centered business model. We value the agents’ local knowledge and customer perspective. We believe those are tremendous tools that when optimized can lead to great results and a great future for agents and their company partners. No matter what other processing and pricing tools we employ, the agents’ insights will be the most valuable. With that, let me open the call for questions. Just a reminder that Jack Schiff, J.F. Scherer, Eric Matthews, Marty Mullen and Marty Hollenbeck are here with Steve and me, and we are all available to respond. Rachel, we’re open for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Just one question actually for me, can you just give some details on what you’re seeing in personal auto in terms of liability severity trends?
Steve Johnston: Yes, we are, I think, pretty typical in that we’re seeing our frequency flat to slightly down and our severity is up, but not outside of the range of where we see our pricing being able to handle it. I don’t know Marty Mullen is here from claims. I don’t know if Marty would like to add anything else.
Marty Mullen: Actually, personal auto is almost flat, with a slight severity of about 2%.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: So, no real impact on that line from recession in economy driven type things?
Steve Johnston: We are not seeing it, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Newsome - Sandler O’Neill & Partners.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O’Neill & Partners: Actually want to ask sort of broader commentary about how you are thinking about stock buyback versus the dividend, particularly given the price to book value is below 100.
Ken Stecher: We are very proud, as you’ve heard us say before, about our dividend to our shareholders and long term shareholder base that we have. So I think our preference is really that we would like to or we will continue the regular cash dividend and try to increase that on a yearly basis, like we have for the past 49 years. As the capital base is rebuilt and our earnings increase and the payout ratio starts to trend down, if our capital stays strong and the price of our stock is below book, we will entertain share repurchases at that time, but I think our first preference is maintain the cash dividend policy we’ve had for many years in the past.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O’Neill & Partners: So it sounds like book value repurchases really only would happen once you have a pretty healthy payout ratio?
Ken Stecher: I think that’s fair.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O’Neill & Partners: Then on a different topic, the accident years are pretty high for both lines, commercial and personal lines. It sounds like you’re putting rate through on personal lines. Please tell me if I’m wrong, but outside of just the workers comp line, are you trying to broadly put through rate on the commercial line as well?
J.F. Scherer: We’re doing our best. I’d say that on the majority of accounts, we are able to put through some fairly decent low single-digits rate increases in commercial lines. Competition remains, obviously our renewals are someone else’s new business and we’re still seeing quite a bit of competition, most especially in larger accounts and when I say larger accounts, I’d characterize those as being $100,000 in premium or more and in those cases, we are continuing to see some fairly significant competition. As was mentioned before, our retention ratio has gone down slightly in commercial lines, so we are walking away from some accounts, just choosing not to compete, but really what we’re seeing in the marketplace continues to be, I guess, a dual strategy from a lot of carriers, that everyone is trying to put through renewal increases, but the same carriers are doing that or trying to do that are sometimes some of the most competitive carriers you will find out there in new business. So we are trying to pick our spots, doing our best to weed out the poorer accounts. So that when we’ve had to be more competitively priced, we’re doing it on the highest quality accounts we have.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Just a question on workers comp, I know you’ve talked about this for most of 2009, but the loss ratio was elevated again this quarter. Just wondering if you could just give us an update on what you are seeing there as far as frequency and severity trends? Any kind of stabilization there and do you think you are kind of ahead of the curve as far as reserving versus incoming loss trends?
Steve Johnston: Maybe I’ll start out here, Scott and then pass it over to Marty. I think he’s got some comments as well. You are right. I mean, it’s been a troubling line. It has been a line that we’ve all recognized as something we need to improve. So we basically ganged up on the problem from just about every aspect of our company. On the pricing side, we’ve introduced predictive modeling, which we didn’t have before, which we think will help with our pricing precision and that is available now for all new and renewal business. In terms of loss control, we’ve added emphasis there and resources there that should be able to help us go out and help our clients or agents to help their clients to keep a safer workplace and keep the losses down. Our Claims department, Marty will elaborate about this and he’s opened up a new call center that helps us get to the injured parties more quickly. So I think it requires more than just one aspect of our company, and I think we are approaching it holistically and I think Marty Mullen has some good insights to share as well.
Marty Mullen: Thanks, Steve. Scott, exactly what you point out on fourth quarter compared to 2009 and 2008, frequency was fairly flat, but in the fourth quarter of ‘09, there was a severity increase year-over-year in the fourth quarter, mainly related to some individual case losses that were very high. We have made efforts. In fact, this week we’re having field meetings with our field staff with the entire emphasis on being a team effort with sales, underwriting, loss control, and Claims to make this a profitable line of business. So as we continue to move forward, I’m sure all of the tools and the implementation of the effort that we have in place are going to pay dividends in the coming year.
Ken Stecher: Scott, this is Ken. I think as you heard before too, and you saw in previous quarters this past year, we think we’ve been a little conservative in trying to look ahead quite effectively, with potential rising healthcare costs and things like that on this long tail line and we try to address that. So we’ll see how that all plays out, but we have made an attempt to account for that.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Then switching over to the E&S unit, can you talk about the growth outlook there? I saw the premiums sort of were down a little bit in Q4 relative to Q3, but just thoughts on the opportunities you are seeing. I guess it has now been in existence for about a year and a half or so. Kind of where you see the opportunities, given how difficult pricing is, and where you see that business heading in 2010?
J.F. Scherer: Scott, this is J.F. Scherer. We have been quite pleased with how things have gone with our E&S Company with $31 million, almost $32 million in new business last year. Interestingly enough of the 1180 agencies we have, we wrote policy, at least a policy for over 1000 of those agencies. So we are getting a lot of good play throughout the country for the E&S business. The average premium, as was mentioned in the remarks, is relatively low. We are not trying to burn our way into the market by a long stretch. We think we bring from a model standpoint, a good model to our agencies. We are operating direct with the independent agencies, only the independent agencies, to represent The Cincinnati Insurance Company. Our field marketing reps on the property and casualty side promote this business. However, I might point out that they are not the underwriters that underwrite and price the business. We have underwriters here in Cincinnati that is specialists in excess and surplus lines that are doing that, but we are promoting it, both from inside and out because we are not doing business with the wholesaler marketplace, there are funds available to pay a higher commission to our agencies. I think equally important, the field Claims staff that would be handling the standard claims for our agencies are also the same field staff that our agencies very much appreciate would be the ones handling the excess and surplus lines claims as they occur and then finally, as an exclamation point on our effort towards profitability. The premiums and losses associated with excess and surplus lines are included in the profit sharing contract that we have with our agencies. So lest anyone would be concerned that our agencies would take a throw it against the wall approach on E&S business with us, they’re going to be quite careful, because our profit sharing contract is an important part of their compensation with us about what they offer us. Having said that, when you add all of those positives together, we have a tremendous opportunity within our agencies, in many cases, our agencies are offering to allow us to look at their entire book of excess and surplus lines business and pick through it, the types of things we think, given our level of development. We’re capable of writing profitably. So our approach has been mentioned before, is to walk before we run on this. Our agencies write collectively in their agencies about $2.7 billion in excess and surplus lines business and though we don’t believe that we’re going to be a market, because some of that is very complex, for all of it, we do think we are a market for a fairly decent percentage and will be given an opportunity to compete for it.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: One final question, the 65 new agency appointments that you have on track for this year, any geography specifically that you are focusing on more so than others? I would assume it would be newer states, but can you talk about sort of the newer states you are ramping up agency appointments versus some of your core states, where you are looking to get better returns in those states?
J.F. Scherer: Yes, we had a good year last year as far as the appointments we made in our newer states. Texas, we appointed 20 agencies with 23 locations, for example, Colorado, 10 with 11 locations, won’t be adding agencies in those new states as well as Washington, some in Wyoming, but what we find in terms of taking a look at the 65, we do have under consideration. Some states that are now inactive for us. Keeping in mind that we are licensed in all 50 states, but inactive in 37, but we’ve investigated Maine, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Oregon, for example. Have made no decisions on those, but have satisfied ourselves that we believe the regulatory environment in those states is fair enough for us to consider it. So that will affect the number of appointments we’ll make. We really do take a look at all of our states. As time goes on, some agencies reach the end of their productive cycles and so consequently, it could be that in Ohio, we’ll be looking for some appointments, but one of the things that drives our interest right now probably more than anything else is the geographic diversification. Most especially from a personal lines standpoint, to beef up our activities in states that is less cat prone. So we really take a really close look at those particular states and as you already mentioned, out west, really we think has some real potential for us.
Operator: Your final question comes from Dan Schlemmer - Macquarie.
Dan Schlemmer - Macquarie: Question, if I could, on the Verisk holding. You know, that has suddenly become your second largest single holding. I was wondering if you can sort of tell us how that makes sense in terms of your overall portfolio. Is that something, you didn’t intentionally acquire it? So just curious what your thinking is on that? How it fits in with your overall desire for dividends, managing concentration risk, etc.
Martin Hollenbeck: As you mentioned, we sort of inherited that and then on the IPO, we sold 20% of it. The remaining shares we had which was about $4.9 million, split into some Class B restricted shares, half of which were tied up until April of 2011, the other half until October of 2011. They currently don’t pay a dividend, as you mentioned, so they don’t fit our core philosophy. So at the next chance we have to sell some, we’ll take a hard look at that strategy. If they have not at that time instituted a dividend, then chances are we’ll sell at least some of it.
Dan Schlemmer - Macquarie: On that staying with the Verisk, as you mentioned, the lockup, then on the valuation, do you make any adjustment there for the liquidity, or is the value reflected sort of full market value?
Martin Hollenbeck: No, we use a third-party pricing system and they gave, I think, about a 9.6% discount to the December 31 closing price.
Dan Schlemmer - Macquarie: Separate question, just in the release, there’s a comment about personal lines, working in 2010 on tools that make it easy for agents to compare our personal lines rates, just curious on what the objective is there. I don’t think of rate as Cincinnati’s strength. It’s not a low cost provider. So sort of curious, if you could comment on that a little bit?
Ken Stecher: I’ll comment just briefly, and J.F. and Steve may want to add. I think we have worked very hard with our pricing points the past year to try to get our rate competitive. So we definitely want to do that. We want to grow that book of business again. J.F., I think, has a number of how much personal lines business is written in our agencies. I think we don’t have what we would consider our fair share. Secondly, when I have traveled to visit agencies, they use these, I forget the name of comparative raters, where they can kind of enter the data for an individual person and they can get the price points for three or four of their personal lines carriers. So we want to provide the technology that we will be part of that process, and they don’t have to enter our data a second time to get our quote. So I think that’s part of what we were referring to there, but I’ll let Steve and J.F. add to that, if they’d like.
J.F. Scherer: I would only add that it’s important, as Ken mentioned and from an efficiency standpoint at the agency, for the agency to be able to compare whatever number of carriers they have. We’re not trying to compete to be the low price, but at the same time, we have to be in the system for them to be able to see what price we have. Then our job at that point is to make certain that we’ve convinced them that we’re worth the extra cost of the lowest cost provider. So at the same time, while we’ve focused on making certain that our rates are adequate, in the ballpark, if you will, we also expect and market our product on the basis of a higher value that we provide, and therefore, slightly higher cost.
Steve Johnston: I think I’m just reiterating what Ken and J.F. said, but to your point, we do sell on relationship. I think our agents are putting their best accounts with us. We just want to be in a position where we make it as easy for our agents to do business with us as possible.
Dan Schlemmer - Macquarie: Last question, just as you see pressure, particularly in the commercial lines, are there any particular segments you are seeing the strongest pressure in? Is it your construction book mostly, or are there are other segments that you are seeing particularly fierce competition?
Ken Stecher: I wouldn’t call what we are seeing in construction as fierce competition so much as just economy related depression of exposures. That’s where the depression of price comes in there. We are not seeing necessarily at a strong competition for rate in that particular area. Probably as much as anything and we hate to wear this out, but the larger the account, the more it attracts a variety of competitors and I think there is a sense because you have a lot of premium to work with, that you’ve got a lot of margin that you can risk. So I would say that it is simply the larger accounts that seem to be the most competitive by class of business, obviously there are carriers out there that niche in, that are going after certain classes, and that type of thing. So when you have a carrier that decides they are going to specialize, for example in colleges or something of that nature, they are bringing something to the table in terms of more aggressive pricing as well, but I wouldn’t characterize the marketplaces in terms of a class of business, one being more competitive than the other.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Mr. Stecher, I turn to call back over to you.
Ken Stecher: Thank you, Rachel. Thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter call. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may disconnect now.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Dennis McDaniel – IR Ken Stecher – President and CEO Steve Johnston – SVP, CFO, Treasurer and Secretary J.F. Scherer – EVP, Sales and Marketing Marty Mullen – SVP, Claims
Analysts: Michael Phillips – Stifel Nicolaus Beth Malone – Wunderlich Securities Paul Newsome – Sandler O'Neill Dan Schlemmer – FPK Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital Markets Fred Nelson [ph] – Crowell, Weedon & Company
Operator:  Good morning. My name is Amy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cincinnati Financial second quarter conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) Thank you. Mr. McDaniel, you may begin your conference.
Dennis McDaniel:  Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel, Cincinnati Financials Investor Relations Officer. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2009 conference call. This morning we issued a news release on our results along with our supplemental financial package. We plan to file our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, early next week. If you need copies of the release or supplements, please visit our investor website, www.cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is in the far right column via the quarterly results quicklink. On the call you will hear from Ken Stecher, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer, Steve Johnston. After their prepared remarks, we will open the call for questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us, including Chairman, Jack Schiff Jr.; Executive Vice President, J.F. Scherer of Sales and Marketing; Principal Accounting Officer, Eric Mathews; and Senior Vice Presidents Marty Hollenbeck, Investments, and Marty Mullen, Claims. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, reconciliation of non-GAAP information as required by Regulation G was provided with the release and also is available on our website. Statutory data is prepared in accordance with Statutory Accounting Rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call over to Ken.
Ken Stecher:  Welcome and thanks to all of you for joining us today. As you know we have reported disappointing second quarter financial results. Record catastrophe losses and ongoing cumulative pricing pressures have taken their toll on us this year. Further our pre-tax investment income has not yet resumed a growth trend compared to the year-ago periods. The good news is that the same portfolio rebalancing that reduced our investment income also positioned us for the growth in book value per share that took place over the second quarter. As a result of higher unrealized gains in our portfolio, policy order surplus in our main business, property casualty insurance rose about $135 million between the end of the first quarter and June 30. It is good to see book value and surplus moving in a positive direct again and to see the progress we are making with our strategic initiatives to increase our long-term competitive advantages. Today, I’ll focus on operations, markets, and status of those initiatives to improve future financial performance. Steve will discuss our second quarter results and their main drivers, including catastrophes reserve development and accounting changes. In February, we said our year 2009 results will likely fall short of our longer-term targets. Despite our derivative results so far this year, we remain confident in our long-term outlook, believing that the strengths we bring to the market will position us for strong future performance. Our independent agent relationships are strong and the many opportunities they give us to quote their best accounts are helping to offset some of the negative effects of the continuing soft markets. Agents count on us to provide a stable market for their client’s insurance needs and to deliver best-in-class claims service, particularly when widespread storms occur. They highly value our local field team concept. Our solid reputation among agents is one of the reasons that our new agencies are so quickly embracing Cincinnati style of service. Of the $3 million in premiums, our new taxes inches growth in the first half of this year. Six of these new agencies produced more than one quarter a million dollar each for premium. One agency generated over $1.5 million. Technology clearly is central to maintaining those agent relationships in our high tier position within agencies. We are right on schedule to begin deploying our new commercial administration system for package and auto, and will give agents new processing efficiencies also allowing us to write more business with our proportionate increase in expenses. Some of our underwriters already are using this system to produce policies for Ohio and Indiana agencies, when we deployed in October for using agent offices in the first five states. We will also introduce direct to all capability for package and auto. Our agents are really looking forward to having this capability. The system will be up and running for agents in a total of 11 states before year-end 2009, preparing us for strong profitable growth when the economy and insurance market pricing begin to approve. And we will go into that market face with solid reserves, having made no compromises of our reserving practices along the way. We have proven that we are willing to make difficult decisions to protect our track record of strong reserve adequacy. Steve will discuss this quarters’ reserve development in detail. From a strategy level, our intention is to continue having a balance sheet that holds the potential of favorable reserve releases in the future earnings. That approach increases stability. We also believe that our diversification efforts in several areas increase stability and will serve shareholders well in the future. Most of you listening today are aware that we maintain a well diversified and highly rated bond portfolio, exceeding our insurance reserve liabilities by more than 20%. In recent quarters, we increased our bond holdings and reduced our common stock holdings to 25% of the total portfolio. We are very comfortable with our rebalance with asset classes. Most significantly, we diversified a way from equity concentrations in any single sector or issue. Our portfolio diversification effort is a capital preservation strategy to manage volatility risk. Our new surplus lines operation brings the benefits of diversification to our insurance coverage product offerings. This operation is still very small, but as we said in our news release, is a significant contributor to new business growth in 2009. The surplus lines products help our agents meet more of their clients needs. Also benefiting company performance by offsetting some of the soft pricing in our standard market commercialized. Our stable life insurance income likewise helps offset some of the market cycle impact of our property casualty business. Finally, another very important diversification effort is our geographic expansion. The expansion's in new states is one of the several ways that we are addressing catastrophe risk and especially destructive effects of that risk on a homeowner results. By entering or expanding our personal lines offerings in seven states in 2008 and 2009, we are setting the stage to gradually increase scale and overtime work to delude our concentration of insured exposures in the Midwest and South. We have confidence that those diversification strategies will produce long-term benefits. Next, I will comment on a commercial lines premium growth, a near-term challenge for us and others in our industry. The commercial lines market remains highly competitive based on what we are seeing. Our second quarter net written premiums declined 12.2%. We have seen some moderation of average price decreases to low-single-digit territory, but those are still price declines and they represent averages. We continue to hear stories about more aggressive competition, especially for larger risk. Whether they are larger or smaller risk, we walk away from the business we believe is underpriced. For example we recently lost an account we have had for 20 years to another carrier. It was a school system with annual premiums in the six-figure range that our competitor discounted by over 30%. You have heard us say many times that nearly 90% of our commercial policy count represents policies with Annual Premiums of $10,000 or under and that is still the case. Well looking just at new business for larger policies with annual premiums of $100,000 and up, we see the effects of intense competition. Our new business written in this size category during the second quarter was $7 million less from the second quarter last year, accounting for nearly the $8 million decline in commercial new business. Commercial premiums also have come under pressure, due to economic sensitivity. This year the rate of premium decline for contractor classes and our general liability at workers compensation business is roughly double that of our non-contractor classes. Many businesses pay estimated premiums based on estimated exposures such as sales or payroll, then an audit at the end of the period true’s up the premium. Our premiums generated through such premium audits declined $13 million during the first half of 2009 versus 2008. Before I close the prepared comments on our insurance operations, I will mention that our public parent company is highly liquid at June 30 with more than $1 billion in cash and marketable securities. Strong capital provides the Corporation with financial flexibility for dividend and related decisions made by our Board of Directors. To maintain a desired parent company financial flexibility, we recognized that the performance of our commercial and personal insurance segments must improve. For the reasons I have reviewed today, we believe it will improve. Although our expectations for the remainder of 2009 our modest, we expect to deliver strong financial performance for the longer-term. Now Steve will discuss details of the quarter.
Steve Johnston:  Thank you, Ken. As Ken mentioned, abnormally high catastrophe losses led to a combined ratio of 116.6 of the quarter. Catastrophe losses totaled $118 million or 16.1 loss ratio point. In total, 11 PCS named cats caused damage to our policyholders, most of it arising from three major wins and hail storms across the South and Midwest. Our total catastrophe losses where higher than the $106 million estimated in our preliminary release, due to inclusion in our total estimate of several PCS defined cats that each cost us less than $3 million, but in total added up to approximately $12 million. Our homeowner line of business was most affected with 77.6 points of the 147.8 loss and loss expense ratio coming from these catastrophes. On the more positive side, our total property casualty reserves on prior accident years developed favorably, giving us a benefit of approximately $29 million or 3.9 percentage points on the second quarter combined ratio. While overall reserve developed was favorable, there was some variation by line of business. We have strengthened the reserves for prior years workers compensation claims by $29 million, while all other lines in total developed favorably by $58 million. The reserve development for workers compensation was primarily for accident years 2005 and prior. Nothing has changed in terms of our reserving philosophy and we continue to target total reserves in the upper half of the actual range. For any insurance company strong reserves are essential to a strong balance sheet. Our track record of favorable reserve development goes back some 20 years and that trend appears to be continuing. Now, for some details on investments. Our more diversified investment portfolio contributed nicely to book value, which grew by 6.7% to $25.49 per share during the quarter. Even after considering the turbulent markets and sales had harvested some capital gains, the equity portfolio once again ended the quarter with over $0.5 billion in net unrealized gains. As a result of the transformation of the portfolio over the past year, pretax investment income decreased by 8.4% quarter-over-quarter to $119 million. We also adopted the carrier requirements under FSP 115-2, while there is no overall impact on equity or book value there will be an indirect impact on investment income for comparative purposes. When the investment was written down as other than temporarily impaired, the cost of the bond was written down. Stand over the remaining life of the bond, the difference between that written down cost in par was amortized into the investment income over the remaining life of the bond. During the fourth quarter of 2008, this amortization added $3.1 million to investment income and for the first quarter of 2009, it added $2.4 million. Most of the bonds that we previously wrote down as OTTI were written down for non- credit related issues. Under the new rules, there is not a material amount of this amortization included in second-quarter investment income and we anticipate that there will not be a material amount going forward. This makes for a tough comparison for the second quarter sequentially to the first quarter of 2009 and will also make for a tough comparison in the upcoming fourth quarter. Adjusting for this accounting change, we do expect investment income to resume an increasing trend by the end of the second half of the year. Our liquidity, balance sheet, and financial condition and remained very strong putting us in a good position to grow profitably. As a profit property casualty subsidiary group level, we are writing business at a premium to surplus ratio of 0.93 to 1.0 with statutory surplus of over $3.2 billion at June 30, 2009. Cash flow from operations for the first half of 2009 was $157 million, compared to $334 million in the first half of 2008. As Ken mentioned, we have over $1 billion in cash and marketable securities at the holding company, as well and we also have short-term unused borrowing capacity on two lines of credit of approximately $175 million. Our debt-to-total capital ratio is relatively low 16.8% and our two non-convertible, non-callable debentures are not due until 2028 and 2024. The value creation ratio we measure – we used to our long-term success increased nicely during the quarter. Describing our long-term goal more specifically for the five-year period from 2010 through 2014, we are targeting a 12% to 15% average for the total of our rate of growth and book value per share plus the ratio of dividends per share to beginning book value per share. 2009 remains challenging but our value creation ratio for the second quarter was plus 8.4%, bringing the year-to-date value to approximately 2.0%. This is up from minus 16.6% for the first half and minus 23.3% for the full-year of 2008. A key point is that our investment portfolio changes and other risk management actions have increased financial stability. We believe our risk adjusted capital indicates exceptional financial strength. Ken?
Ken Stecher:  Thanks, Steve. Steve gave you a good overview of the items that put us in an operating loss position for the quarter. It has been a strong second quarter with just a few rays of sunshine. We have the capital strength to grow profitably. We have the ability and intend to outperform. We are making good progress on initiatives that increase our long-term advantages, and bring them to the bottom line. With that let me open up the call for questions. Just a reminder that Jack Schiff, J.F. Scherer, Eric Mathews, Marty Mullen, and Marty Hollenbeck are here with Steve and me and we are all available to respond. Amy we are ready for questions.
Operator:  (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Michael Phillips from Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open.
Michael Phillips – Stifel Nicolaus:  Thank you. Good morning, everybody.
Ken Stecher:  Good morning.
Michael Phillips – Stifel Nicolaus:  Couple of questions, first some on top line, you know the drop in exposure is unexpected and the south market clearly isn't – hopefully it is getting little bit better, but it is pretty sharp drop here in the quarter and is there anything that would cause it to fall of so quickly besides the drop in exposure that would make this second-quarter kind of more of an anomaly or – I guess I would expect this to be more of a gradual thing than what I saw here in the second quarter?
J.F. Scherer:  Mike, this is J.F. I think it appeared to us as well kind of an abrupt decrease confluence of both the absence of contribution of audit income, as well as the effect – the double effect of not only are we giving back particularly in the construction area, returned premiums to contractors because the premiums – payrolls and sales they estimate last year this time are obviously coming in lower, but then also their outlook to the future in terms of the renewal premiums are having a double effect. As we take a look at our book of business, were we are seeing price pressure are on the larger accounts as has been described in our release, as well as Ken's remarks, but also on our construction book of business. So, it appears to us that the effects of the economy seem to manifest itself more significantly here in the second quarter.
Michael Phillips – Stifel Nicolaus: 
 :
J.F. Scherer:  We have been trying to do that for some time or really across the Board for us. In Texas, for example the economy and actually what we found working with our agency's down there, the economy is not as bad, the construction accounts that we are writing down there are fairly the survivors of quarter out there, we are not targeting contraction, we are continuing to right the balance book of business, part of which would be construction. So there is no effort to steer away from that particular line of business in places like Texas or Colorado, but certainly we are anxious to right a balance for the business.
Michael Phillips – Stifel Nicolaus:  Okay, thanks. I'll switch over to the reserve development on the workers compensation for Steve, you know now we have got the second quarter of that and I guess the same reason is a slight change in the inflation assumption had such a dramatic ripple effect, but I guess given that we see now two in a row, is there any reason for us not to think that maybe on the inside of the house there that you're sort of cautiously taking baby steps and that we could therefore expect more of the same going forward or do you think you have taken what you need to take on that line?
Steve Johnston:  Mike asked a good and fair question. The short answer is, we do feel that we have taken what we need for workers compensation, but I think it is again a good and fair question, I think as we looked at the second quarter just more evidenced materialized on these prior years and our actuarial department – as most use multiple models to review the data and as they look at it over the second quarter more – all of the models start to converging to a higher result than they had at the first quarter, you know we had one, maybe one model than that they all start to converge to the same number, which gave us more confidence and the need to add reserves to workers comp, but again back to the answer of the question we do feel we have it at this point.
Michael Phillips – Stifel Nicolaus:  I will hop off at just one quick numbers question, if you could give the operating cash flow for the quarter and I will hop off?
Steve Johnston:  Yes, it was 100 – for the quarter, I have it for the half year that I gave in my prepared remarks. I think we can get to you for the quarter before the call ends Mike.
Michael Phillips – Stifel Nicolaus:  Okay, thanks.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Beth Malone from Wunderlich. Your line is open.
Beth Malone – Wunderlich Securities:  Just talking about the weather related losses, I mean I know that has always been a part of the business that you ride, do you think there is any, is it being impacted as well by your new agencies, or new markets that you're going into exposing you more to weather than in the past?
Ken Stecher: 
 : And it is focused on an area where we have the largest part of our home order line, you know in the Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois area. So, I think that has kept the size of the catastrophes at a higher-level than we have experienced in many years in the past. I don't think it is an effect of just the agencies that we're appointing or the business that they are giving us. I think it is just that – what I believe is a temporary weather pattern change, but I don’t know if J.F. would like to add anything to that or not.
J.F. Scherer:  No, but I can't anything to that. The newer areas we are in, North Carolina, South Carolina, Maryland, very little business from those areas, we did in Arizona, Idaho, Montana, and Utah. Of course once again very little business so far in those areas and no losses from cats in those areas. So, it is – we our already having the impact where the weather is having the impact, it is in our traditional areas.
Beth Malone – Wunderlich Securities:  Do you feel, it seems somewhat random obviously active guide kind of thing, but is it possible that you're getting adequate rate or rate increases now on those books to make you feel more comfortable going into 2010?
J.F. Scherer:  I think that if they continue at this level that, you know I think the obvious answer is no. These are abnormally at least we feel we had normally high levels and the pricing is more aligned for a longer-term approach. You know having said that particularly in the homeowner’s line there's a lot of work being done on the pricing side, in terms of pricing segmentation and more pricing points, they are working to get geographic diversification by going into other states and then also working on things that they can do to reduce the cat exposure.
Beth Malone – Wunderlich Securities:  Okay. And then on the workers comp, how much of that – the experience you are having do you think is reflective of changes in the regulatory environment in those markets or legislative issues or is it just market conditions among competitors?
J.F. Scherer:  That is a good question I guess I will take the first half of it and Marty Mullen probably has some comments as well. You know, the way I look at it, it is a tough line in terms of it being cyclical in nature that makes it difficult over time and we have seen big swings in results and workers compensation, I think also the long tail nature of it, you know makes it difficult to always get an accurate handle on right away, but we are doing what we can in terms of pricing. The product is appropriate as we can, our underwriters are using predictive modeling now as a tool in their decisions on pricing and you know working hard on what we can in terms of the underwriting. Marty?
Marty Mullen:  Thank you, Beth. This is Marty Mullen and I would just mention a regulatory environment and certainly our specific venues that make a successful writing of work comp profitable or challenge based on some regulatory issues favorable or unfavorable work comp boards or decisions and make it difficult to proceed to anticipate successful resolution of those work complements for the employee and the company. We also deal with future issues concerning Medicare, secondary care fund, which is an issue that we are all dealing with it in the future and as it pertains to future work, claims and payouts, which is also a factor to be considered moving forward.
Beth Malone – Wunderlich Securities:  Okay. All right thank you.
Steve Johnston:  Thank you, Beth. Amy before we take the next question, I would just like to get back with an answer that our operating cash flow for the second quarter was $118 million and that compares to $156 million in operating cash flow for the second-quarter of 2008. Thank you and on to the next question please.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome from Sandler O'Neill, your line is open.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O'Neill:  Good morning folks.
Steve Johnston:  Good morning.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O'Neill:  I guess, big picture we have had a pretty long of cat losses every quarter or close to every quarter for almost two years now. At what point do you think, you can go back to the regulators and just say, you know the world has changed and this is the way that cat losses are going to be, and we got to put rating for this?
Ken Stecher:  Well, this is Ken Stecher. I will start it off. You know I think in some cases you know – the big thing I think is really the competition, I mean we can’t go do that probably with some of the data we have currently. But if the other companies don't do that it could put us in a price this disadvantage. So we have to weigh that factor. Secondly, maybe Steve would be better to comment on this, I mean as he mentioned in his previous comments when we factor in the rates we look at longer cat exposure trends and not short-term trends. And I'm not sure how regulators would feel about as you said, the last year and a half definitely cats have been much heavier than normal for us and you weigh against the 2007 year where they almost didn't exist in the states we were in. Regulators are going to look at – trying to give us adequate rates to protect our solvency, but they're also going to want keep rates down to protect the consumer. So, we have that balance along with the balance of what we want to stay competitive. But we do have to money in the long run and that is the point that you are trying to make and that is one of the things that we have to try to balance.
Steve Johnston:  And I would just add to that, Paul, this is Steve. You know clearly rate is an issue. You just can't look at the results that we have had and not come to the conclusion in rates to mention. So, we are filing for rate increases that will be effective in October that will be in the 5% to 7% range. They won't be across the Board they will be addressing various pricing points, increasing our pricing points and we have seen a shift through this pricing effort that we have been making towards what we feel to be higher quality business. The geographic diversification is moving into full swing as well. We have opened up four new states, for first in lines at the Arizona, Idaho, non-coastal South Carolina, and Utah. We are introducing personal auditors, speaks more to the account and the homeowners of property in particular that we are introducing personal auto in Maryland in North Carolina and so the efforts to gain more premium over a wider geography would make the impact of the various cat loses smaller to the total and then we are working also in taking underwriting actions in reducing our hurricane exposure. So, you know your point is a good one and I mean getting write-down to it price is an issue and we do need to get more rates.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O'Neill:  I guess – given – I guess I also like to push back with you on the amounts of rate you are trying to get a hold of, you know 5% doesn't seem like it is quite enough to get you to an underwriting profit, I mean may get some benefit from geographic distribution, I apologize (inaudible) but the numbers don't seem to quite work up for me unless you achieve the second or third or fourth round worth of price increases to get you back to an underwriting profit?
Steve Johnston:  Yes, it is a good point and it is hard to argue with Paul. The point that I wouldn't want to make though is that 5% to 7% is an average and there is a distribution in terms of the rate increase with much higher percentages of rate increase being planned for what we consider to be the pricing points that are causing the majority of the losses or where we need to get more rate. But it is, I think as Ken pointed out, you know a process that we have, an ongoing process.
Ken Stecher:  Yes, have mentioned in prior calls, Paul. I think, we many more pricing tiers than we had previously and we are still trying to adjust those rates on the lower insurance scores. You know the ones with more and more rate, sort of working on that also, so it a combination of both of those things. But as Steve said we agree, we have to continue to work very aggressively on this issue.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O'Neill:  Great thank you very much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Dan Schlemmer from FPK. Your line is open
Dan Schlemmer – FPK:  Hi, good morning. Another question I guess on the cats and it was around – it was basically $100 million in cats this quarter, which is pretty comparable to what you had in Q2 ‘08, you know they are fairly close and sort of what we are seeing, you know overall market I think is Q2 was bad for everybody, but I think this quarter, you know Cincinnati is more of the anomaly worse than maybe what we had expected based on just market share or whatever? Is there, do you have anything that can maybe – do you have any sense that you were hit particularly hard due to a lot of it being in Ohio or some other issue that caused your cats to be worst in industry this quarter or was there anything any specific drivers that you saw?
Marty Mullen:  Thank you Dan this is Marty Mullen. I will just give you some more color on the three major claims or storms over your head which we have already centralized in our Midwest and some Southern states. The main driver is that Ohio and extensive wind claim, and I think what you're driving at is why is it greater for Cincinnati and some others that we are reporting in and I think it touches on a comment that has mainly hit us in the areas where we have our consistently historical business. For instance the April 9, 11 storm South Midwest is mainly driven by a tornado in Nashville and subsequent hail in Alabama and Georgia, while states that we do a fair amount of commercial and personal lines business. And subsequent to storms of that filed a same pattern of Midwestern states involving hail and significant wind claims. Our past experience with these types of exposures in our areas leads us to develop – that can develop adversely and they have to be handled cautiously because of that long tail. Consequently, we think it is best to proceed with a cautious approach to these is the best practice.
Dan Schlemmer – FPK:  Great, thank you. Separate question on – just on the surplus lines and you have sort of been little more than a year going on this now in this business, do you have a long-term target at this point? Do you this 3-5 years out is it sort of $10 million business or is it $100 million business or what are you guys thinking of in terms of a longer-term target for the surplus lines specifically?
Ken Stecher:  Dan, this is Ken Stecher, I will start. You know J.F. has given numbers before in the past about the amount of business written by our agencies, in the sections and surplus line. So, I think it is a great opportunity for our company. We believe, it can be a fairly meaningful line, a business for us in the long-term. We have a plan – business plan but we haven't disclosed any of those production numbers. So, I'm not going to give those at this point in time, but I think it really what it does is it matches up well with our strategy of trying to provide the products for our aging customers that they need for their success. And I think when you look at where we started, a year and half ago and the written premium for the first six months is about $17 million, we are making some strides in that area. But I think J.F. can explain a little bit more about the real benefits that it provides between us and our agency customer.
J.F. Scherer:  Dan, we wrote $15 million in new business in the first six months, just to give you a little color on it, as has been mentioned in the past, our agency is right about $2.7 billion in excess and surplus lines business. We are on a market for all of it. We like to feel that our appetite range has been relatively modest just to put in the context, as far as new issues so far this year, the average premium has been $5,300, the medium-size premium is 2,000. So I would like to say that we are trying to grow this company hitting singles, may be doubles. Not trying to hit a home run though from time to time. We do have agencies that are allowing us to write a very important account but we would have some size to it. So far this year, we have had 10,000 quotes just to give you an idea and converted about 3,700 of those. Retention so far on those accounts that weren’t short-term is 87%. So, we are measuring a lot of things, as Ken said this is an important segment for our independent agencies due. There are a lot of standard accounts that have ENS exposure to them and that has allowed us to write some of those. So, in terms of long-term, given the potential we have within our own agencies, we think there is a lot of opportunity for us.
Dan Schlemmer – FPK:  Sort of follow-up on that, you said I think 3,700 conversions, is that – do you find a particular, is there a particular niche that you are finding particular success in or is it more across the board, is there anything identifiable that is, you know whatever, where you are hitting the most?
J.F. Scherer:  Special events obviously are a big deal with July 4 coming and gone for example, we had a lot of that type of thing, summer festivals would be a good example, church festivals, vacant property, now that we are writing the property, we are writing a lot of vacant buildings, vacant houses. I think, probably a line of business would a prior suppression installation that seems to be a fairly large segment of this particular class of business. We are getting our opportunities in that area, but some products liability on the light manufacturers and I think as a general statement though given our agencies, the time they operate in and an awful lot of special event types of things would be reflected in our books.
Dan Schlemmer – FPK:  Great, thanks. Last question, just on the dividend, you made a decision earlier this year to – not to increase the dividend, is that something you intend to revisit during the year, have you given any further consideration to that or is that something you really only will consider again sort of on an annual basis?
Ken Stecher:  Dan, this is Ken Stecher. We discussed the dividend in every board meeting that we had. So, this is something that will be discussed in our next Board Meeting as like it always is. You know it is a board decision as you know, but you have the capital right now to support the dividend policy that we have, but as I said in my prepared comments when you look at a long-term view the operating results have to come into play and we must improve on the first six-month earnings per share numbers. We have to do that to just provide the capital to grow the company and give us the ability to pay the dividends going forward.
Dan Schlemmer – FPK:
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Mark Dwelle from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital Markets:  Yes, good morning. One area we haven’t touched on much is, a huge rate of growth in the life insurance operations, could we talk a about that in a little bit more detail?
Ken Stecher:  Sure, Mark, this is Ken Stecher. I think what we are doing is, we have always stayed out of the variable markets for insurance. We have always sold our mortality products and we worked very hard to make sure that we have a competitive-term insurance products, we are building our book of Woodside marketing, we have a universal live product, and then in this past quarter, I mean, what we are starting to see is some of the benefits of the renewal rates of those types of policies. It is not showing in the earned premium as much, but in the written premium there is a little bit of availability to – we have increased our annuities writings, but it is fixed annuities not variable, and we believe that with the products that we have we are well protected in that area. So again, mostly standard, the all type life insurance price was really focused on.
Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital Markets:  Okay.
J.F. Scherer:  And I would add, this is J.F, I would add that our strategy has continued to be, – we did about 70% of our life premiums from a property and casualty distribution and we continue to exploit that. Our property and casualty agencies continue to make it more part of their operations to sell life insurance. They have a very good relationship with their property and casualty account, we do our best to cross-sell, we have a field force that calls on those property and casualty agencies and so I think Dave Popplewell, President of our Life Company would tell you that having been involved in other distribution systems, the stability of using property and cash distribution systems really paid off for us when right now in the life insurance industry it has not been so good.
Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital Markets:  Okay that is helpful. And moving back over to the commercial lines business, somebody early kind of generally asked this question, I would like to ask it a little more specific, in terms of the 12% decline in net written premium in the quarter, how would you, what portion of that is would simply have been price – what portion of that would have been volume declines whether that be existing business on reduced policy count of anything else and then what portion would be the things you describe such as payroll audits and kind of things that are summing – something in the nature of one-time or at least hard to predict to track?
J.F. Scherer:  Well I guess, this is J.F. Mark, our persistency – our retention rate in commercial lines remains pretty strong at 91% in the second, third year of a three year policy, continues to be in the mid-90s. So, we are retaining the policies. So, we are comfortable that we are not losing in an order number of policies. Pricing changes as we have mentioned, although pricing changes that occurred up until this quarter where we have seen an improvement to the low single digit declines on average at renewable. Obviously, we have some policies that were on the – that are earning their way through right now that are affecting things. I would say that the largest effect that we are seeing though is the affect of the economy. Payrolls and the sales – for example, in 2009 just on a quarterly basis, a year-over-year decline for our contractor book of business on premium is 17.4%. For our general liability book of business in total, it was 8.4. So, you can see the effect that the construction book has had and the effect that the economy in general is having on things. I think that is really the best description I could give.
Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital Markets:  Will it be fair of saying this a different way – would it be fair to say had there not been any rate decreases across the policy book had rate been flat right of the equation, you would have still had a net premium decline in the neighborhood of 10%?
J.F. Scherer:  Yes, I would say that as fair. We're getting some nods in the room here just some quick math, but yes. That is what we are seeing.
Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital Markets:  Okay, thank you, that's all my questions.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Michael Phillips from Stifel Nicolaus, your line is open.
Michael Phillips – Stifel Nicolaus:  Hi thanks. You guys in personal lines you mentioned the large losses in personal lines, not the first time and certainly not alone in mentioning that, you know you are also not alone in a lot of what other companies do in raising your retentions. How much comfort do you have in your pricing, I guess adequacy or the conference you have in any upper layers that are kind of new for you. And that might be part of the large losses there, or maybe they are not. Just comment on that.
Ken Stecher:  Mike, are you talking about on the personal – which upper layers?
Michael Phillips – Stifel Nicolaus:  I guess across the board, I mean you specifically mentioned on first alliance, but really anywhere across the board.
Ken Stecher:  I think Mike – This Ken Stecher. Maybe when – what you are referring to is when I was mentioning pricing tiers, in fact it was instituted more pricing different rates, for different insurance scores and for the people that have the lesser or the higher insurance scores, (inaudible) look at it, you look at it from 1 to 12, you know 7 or 8 would a higher score and for the rate would be greater for those types of risk. Is that what you are referring to?
Michael Phillips – Stifel Nicolaus:  Actually, what I referred to is as you have taken on higher retentions and so it is kind of a reinsurance question, therefore you're exposed to the higher losses and are you pricing the upper limits adequately?
Ken Stecher:  We feel we are, I mean that is a tough question and you just have to – because it is harder to get the law of large numbers to work for you because you have fewer that go into those upper layers, but for our in-righting guidelines and so forth, but they are reviewed carefully and reinsurance is utilized and so we feel that we are.
Michael Phillips – Stifel Nicolaus:  Okay, thank you.
Ken Stecher:  Thank you, Mike.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Beth Malone from Wunderlich. Your line is open.
Beth Malone – Wunderlich Securities:  Okay, thank you. Two follow-up questions, one is on the reserving development in the workers comp that was based on a new assumption on inflation, inflation trends would that assumption have impact on reserves on your other lines of business or because of the nature the length of the workers comp you wouldn't see it elsewhere in your book?
Steve Johnston:  This is Steve and we think it was most pronounced in the workers comp. We have actually seen pretty nice favorable development in the other commercial casualty lines and we think that you know the ability to get their, get our remediation process in place and get those claims closed more quickly and more favorably is helpful. So, I guess the answer to the question is, if you do see it impacting the workers comp more.
Beth Malone – Wunderlich Securities:  So, it is really not an assumption about where you think inflation is going to go on these claims; it is more that your actual experience on the claims has been greater because of the inflated cost is settling them.
Steve Johnston:  I guess for workers compensation as we – as the actuarial models regress really in three dimensions, we are seeing the paid losses over the calendar years increasing which would indicate calendar year inflation. So, we are saying that on the workers compensation line, but we just aren't seeing as much on the other casualty lines.
Beth Malone – Wunderlich Securities:  Okay, and then question on the dividend, I mean you're not going to – it doesn't look like you're going to earn your dividend this year, I mean, I don't know about second-half, I am not going to make an assumption at this point, but what – when you talk about the need for improving your operating results in order to – is that to support your existing dividend or is that to justify increasing your existing dividends?
Ken Stecher:  Beth, this is Ken Stecher. I think it is basically to continue the policy that we have. And I think that is the fact that we really do like the policy, in fact we pay a fairly sizable dividend. The fact we have been able to grow it. And we definitely want to maintain it. When you look at, you know, when I said that we do need to improve results, yes the economy is very trying, the commercial lines pricing is still very soft, but if we and I know there is always an if to the questions, so here it comes, if catastrophes for the next quarter will be on the lines say the 5% or four of the five points of guidance that we normally give for the year, I mean that could deliver like, cats I believe to see this quarter about $0.48 impact. I believe and that was about 15 to 16 points. The cats – that number would be decreased to five points, you know you can pick up about $0.30 of our earnings. As the question was asked previously on the workers comp reserve increase that we took, we believe we are where we need to be. You know if that does not occur again, you get another X number of cents. So, your point is well taken while we are sitting here right now. The operating earnings did not cover the (inaudible) the board has declared in the first of the year. Is it possible that we could earn over $0.78 in the last half of the year? I think if the weather improves, I think the possibility is there. The capital position for the quarter increased on a consolidated basis from about $3.9 billion to $4.1 billion. So, the potential would be there for the board to consider following the dividend policy that we have had in the past. So those are the kind of factors I was trying to refer to as to what we are looking at. The other thing that I wanted to just clarify is that on a year-over-year basis in our past history there have been occasions where the board has declared a dividend in excess of the current earnings. But they were looking at long-term, there were unusual circumstances from their view that caused the operating earnings for the year to be less and so they felt comfortable taking the dividend policy forward. That’s what I kind of referring to before is that potentially this year it could be done, but if next year would be below $1.56 current level, you know you just can't do it indefinitely.
Beth Malone – Wunderlich Securities:  Okay. Thank you.
Ken Stecher:  You're welcome.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome from Sandler O'Neill. Your line is open.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O'Neill:  No, you actually – you covered the question, thank you.
Operator:  (Operator instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Fred Nelson [ph] from Crowell, Weedon & Company. Your line is open.
Fred Nelson – Crowell, Weedon & Company:  Thank you. A lot of congratulations goes to your investment department and for loss of a – that you allowed Marty and his staff to do to turn the book value up and to build the income and a lot of our shareholders are of course concerned about the fact that if you reduced the dividend that money can be put back in the portfolio to build a long-term wealth with the company. So, I haven't heard much talk about that, but I do want to say congratulations it was a tough period for all of us. And thank you guys and gals.
Ken Stecher:  Thanks, Fred. This is Ken. I will let Marty talk a little bit about some of the portfolio reallocations we have done. I think he and his team has done an excellent job going through this economic environment that we have and positioning us which I believe in good position for the future.
Marty Mullen:  Yes, Fred. There has been a lot of changes certainly our core philosophy of focusing on common stocks to the degree by a little higher than most P&C companies is still intact of being the smaller fashion. We finished the quarter at about 25% of the overall portfolio in common stocks. Virtually unchanged from the first quarter, we still like companies that pay and grow dividend, with a little more challenging in this environment certainly and we had a couple three in the first quarter that cut through dividend. So it is still a tough landscape out there, but we have taken a long-term putting a little more money into the bond portfolio increasing yields there will give us some additional flexibility in the common portfolio. So as Ken said I think we are well positioned going forward.
Fred Nelson – Crowell, Weedon & Company:  Thank you.
Operator:  (Operator instructions) There are no further questions at this time. Mr. McDaniel, you may continue.
Dennis McDaniel:  Thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter call. Have a great afternoon. Thank you.
Operator:  This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Ken and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Cincinnati Financial first quarter earnings call. (Operator Instructions) Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Dennis McDaniel. Sir?
Dennis McDaniel: Hello. This is Dennis McDaniel, Cincinnati Financial's Investor Relations Officer. Thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2009 conference call. This morning we issued a news release on our results along with our supplemental financial package. We also filed our quarterly report on Form 10-Q. If you need copies of any of this material, please visit our investor website, www.cinfin.com/investors. The shortest route to the information is in the far right column via the quarterly results quicklink. On the call you will hear from Ken Stecher, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Steve Johnston, Chief Financial Officer. After their prepared remarks, we will open the call for questions. At that time, some responses may be made by others in the room with us. That includes Chairman Jack Schiff Jr.; Executive Vice President J.F. Scherer of Sales and Marketing; Principal Accounting Officer Eric Mathews; and Senior Vice Presidents Marty Hollenbeck, Investments, and Marty Mullen, Claims. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risk and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, reconciliation of non-GAAP information as record by Regulation G was provided with the release and is also available on our website. Statutory data is prepared in accordance with Statutory Accounting Rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call over to Ken.
Ken Stecher: Thank you, Dennis. Welcome and thanks to all of you for joining us today. First quarter financial results were not good. There is simply no escaping that fact. Steve will discuss main drivers of results for the quarter, including details on catastrophes and our reserve development on old business. I'll focus on areas we are working on now to improve future financial performance. Historically, we have successfully operated in soft markets as well as hard markets. But at this time we also have to contend with economic conditions that have not been experienced since our Company was founded. Just the same, we are confident we can deliver strong performance over the long term for several reasons. First, our strong agent relationships help offset some of the negative effects of the continuing soft market. Agents generally give us their best quality risk with higher profit margins, providing more pricing flexibility during soft markets. Recent sales meetings reinforce the Cincinnati value proposition. Agents can sell our superior claims service in our multiyear policies, which offer some price protection for policyholders. That is becoming more attractive as industry watchers predict that pricing trends are beginning to shift. The partnership approach between our Company and our independent agents is becoming a more important differentiator in this market and as the markets and the economy improve, we expect it will bring opportunities to us. We're supporting that partnership with improved technology that will make it easier to attract our agents' best new business. Technology upgrades are a major focus of our near-term strategy. I meet regularly with our technology project leaders and also like to walk through the area where system developers are working on details. Our new system to process commercial packages and commercial auto should give our agents the efficiency they need and the support they need for strong front-line underwriting. It will give agents capabilities such as real-time policy quoting and issue, single point of entry, and flexible payment options including direct bill, similar to recent upgrades to our personal lines system. We expect agencies in 11 states to have the system before year-end. Secondly, we believe we can improve long-term performance because our local market presence has always allowed us to be more selective in pricing many risks compared with competitors that lack such specific knowledge of the risk. Going forward, our recent introduction of new predictive modeling tools should further assist our underwriters, enhancing pricing sophistication and improving results, especially for the challenging workers compensation line. The third reason we are confident is that we are comfortable with our new business growth. We remain willing to decline under-priced business, both new and renewal. Many accounts are renewing with flat pricing or modest increases compared to the expiring policy premium. But others with significant profit margins renew with lower pricing due to competitive pressures, particularly larger sized accounts. Our first quarter of 2009 new business stemmed from our 2008 agency, geographic, and product expansions; and there are advantages to this approach. In new states or agencies many of the accounts we receive are ones that the agent has controlled long enough to really understand the risk. Those accounts generally are more attractive to us than new risk that the agent has won from another agent. Profit margins tend to be better on more established risk. 29% of first-quarter overall new business premium growth is from our surplus lines operations started in January 2008. 40% of commercial lines new business was from agents appointed since January 2008 and 1/3 of personal lines new business is from states where we started or expanded personal lines offerings since January 2008. Studies have shown that business written on an account basis covering most or all of the risk profile is more profitable in the long run than individual policies covering only part of the policyholders' risk profile. Offering surplus lines allow us to write $4 million of standard market commercial new business that we may not have otherwise written. For personal lines, 2/3 of our new homeowner business included the policyholder's auto. Better catastrophe spread of risk is another benefit of our geographic expansion. As part of our personal or commercial lines expansion, we've recently entered six Western states. On average, the five-year industry ratio for catastrophe losses across all lines in those states is about 3 points better than our average catastrophe ratio from our historical book of business with a smaller geographic footprint. In the first quarter of 2009, we also began marketing our personal lines products in Idaho and South Carolina. Now I'd like to comment on our financial strength and flexibility. We are comfortable with our repositioning of our equity portfolio, and Steve will elaborate on this. Our fixed maturities portfolio remains high quality and it fully covers insurance liabilities. As announced earlier, our Board decided to hold off for now on increasing the annual indicated shareholder dividend. Excellent liquidity at the Parent Company and the earnings potential of the subsidiary companies continue to provide capital flexibility for shareholder dividends despite relatively weak earnings during first quarter of 2009. If financial markets stabilize, that obviously improves that flexibility, even more so if financial markets improve somewhat. With more than $500 million in cash and cash equivalents, plus strong statutory surplus, we also have ample capacity for future growth of insurance operations. Now I will turn it over to Steve to discuss specifics of the first quarter results. Steve?
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Ken. The property and casualty combined ratio was 107.5%, representing an underwriting loss of $55 million. Two lines of business, homeowners and workers compensation, added approximately 13 percentage points to the overall combined ratio. As previously announced, the homeowners line was most affected by the cats. It accounted for $36 million of our $53 million in catastrophe losses. In total, three storms contributed 7.2 points to the overall combined ratio. In addition, reserve increases on prior accident years contributed 0.9 points to the first quarter combined ratio. Nothing has changed in terms of our reserving philosophy, and we continue to target total reserves to be in the upper half of the actuarial range. A $20 million increase to prior years' workers compensation reserves was the largest driver, adding 2.7 points to the overall combined ratio. In terms of accident years for workers compensation reserve development, $8 million was added to accident years 2006 through 2008, and $12 million was added to accident years prior to 2006. Workers compensation is a volatile, long-tailed line that requires a cautious, conservative approach. Our actuaries' analysis of loss payment trends caused them to increase the assumption for the calendar year inflation trend by 9/10 of 1 percentage point. While this is a relatively small change in assumptions, it had a large impact because of the long-tail nature of workers compensation. As Ken mentioned, we continue to diversify and reduce risk in the investment portfolio. During the first quarter, we sold all of our remaining bank stocks, including the remaining 12 million shares of Fifth Third Bancorp. Those sales reduced the weighting of the financial sector in the stock portfolio to 2.9% at March 31, 2009, down from 12.4% at year-end 2008 and 56.2% at year-end 2007. The $2.3 billion equity portfolio represented 26.2% of the total investment portfolio at quarter end and that's down from 32.9% at year-end 2008 and 51.2% at year-end 2007. Also, common stocks now represent less than 50% of the property-casualty company's statutory surplus. The equity portfolio ended the quarter still in a gain position, with $309 million in net unrealized capital gains. As a result of the transformation of the portfolio over the past year, pretax investment income decreased 18.7% quarter-over-quarter to $124 million. I think the impact of the changes is represented well in the chart on page 32 of the Form 10-Q that we filed this morning. Dividend income decreased by $46 million to $27 million, while interest income increased by $20 million or 34.7% to $96 million. We expect investment income to resume an increasing trend in the second half of the year. I'd like to add a few words to Ken's comments about our financial strength. Despite the underwriting losses our liquidity, balance sheet, and financial condition remain strong. At the property-casualty subsidiary level, we are writing business at a premium-to-surplus ratio of 0.97-to-1. In addition, we have over $1 billion in assets at the Holding Company, and that provides financial flexibility. We also have short-term unused borrowing capacity on two lines of credit of approximately $175 million. Our debt-to-total capital ratio is 17.8% and our two non-convertible, non-callable debentures are not due until 2028 and 2034. A key point is that with the changes and improvements we have made on a risk-adjusted basis, we remain financially strong. As unusual as it may sound, Cincinnati Insurance Company's RBC ratio, measured as the ratio of total adjusted capital to authorized control level risk-based capital, actually improved to 8.3 times at year end 2008 from 7.0 times at year end 2007. So although statutory surplus has declined to $3.4 billion at year end 2008, the increased diversification and reduced risk in our portfolio worked to improve the risk-based capital ratio. Similarly, Cincinnati Life Insurance Company's RBC ratio improved from 7.7 times at year end 2007 to 8.0 times at year end 2008, and they continue their steady, positive performance. The key point is on a risk-adjusted basis our current surplus level is better positioned to support our current risk level than was the case at year end 2007. The progress we've made in managing risk adds confidence about our longer term prospects. We are using a value creation ratio to measure our long term success. More specifically, between 2010 and 2014 we are targeting a 12% to 15% average for the total of our rate of growth in book value per share plus the ratio of dividends per share to beginning book value per share. As predicted, 2009 is proving to be challenging. Our value creation ratio is minus 5.7% through quarter end, compared with minus 5.4% for the first quarter of 2008. The economy may continue to create challenges for us as well as for others. There is potential for business closings, shrinking payrolls, declines and receipts and other exposure bases. These are difficult times, but we have successfully navigated through tough environments before, guided by our long-term focus on cultivating our agency relationships, making decisions at the local level, providing excellent claims service, adequately reserving, and investing for the long term. We are confident we will continue to do so. Ken?
Ken Stecher: Thanks, Steve. Steve expressed pretty well how we are not letting the challenges distract us from the work we have to do. Our associates and agents are energetic and excited about the improvements and expansions on our horizon. I have to tell you, the mood is upbeat in our offices and in the field, where we recently met person-to-person with agents at our sales meetings. With that, let me open up the call for questions. Just a reminder that Jack Schiff, J.F. Scherer, Eric Mathews, Marty Mullen, and Marty Hollenbeck are here with Steve and me and are available to respond. Ken, we are ready for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from Michael Phillips.
Michael Phillips: Michael Phillips, Stifel Nicolaus. First question, can we focus a little bit on personal lines and the growth there, not including the new business growth, so kind of the renewal business and then the stuff with agents that have been around since '06, '05, '04? I understand that the focus you're doing now with returning to profitability or getting more profitable business in there and (inaudible). I think you've talked in the past about rate increases for different tiers, and rate decreases for different tiers. But help us think about how overall for the renewal business, what you are doing, I guess, in the near term to help with growth given a pretty favorable rate environment that we are seeing from most of the competitors as well.
J.f. Scherer: Michael, this is J.F. We are getting the growth as we stated from agents we've appointed in newer states and also agencies that up to this point had been commercial lines only appointments for us. But we are seeing nice growth really across the board in all states from all agencies. There hasn't been a change in the strategy or approach. We have in fact reduced the rates on the better insurance scores, raised rates on worse insurance scores; and we will continue to do that. Later this year we are seeing the opportunity to raise base rates across the board in the homeowner line of business. So from a strategy standpoint, as you can tell from the increase in new business and personal lines, we are seeing a nice increase from all agencies across all states but it is continuing to fine-tune the scoring methods.
Ken Stecher: Mike, this Ken Stecher. I would like to just add a little color too on the comment, we are targeting personal lines in Arizona, Idaho, Montana, and Utah. As I said in my comments, the catastrophe exposure there historically has been dramatically less, and it is part of the geographic diversification that we are stressing. We think that that will help stabilize the book a little bit. Obviously, it's going to take a while till that is completely accomplished because we have such a huge book in the Midwest currently.
Michael Phillips: I think you mentioned recently the amount of technology spend you expect to kind of flow through in 2009. Has that number changed any recently? I think you said somewhere between $50 million and $60 million, I think.
Ken Stecher: That number is still pretty firm. It may come in a little better, but we have not really publicly changed our outlook. What we have found is we were able to accomplish a little more with internal resources, had less need for contractors. So the potential there is to save us some dollars. But right now we're still sticking with the $50 million number, Mike.
Michael Phillips: Now I may not be looking at this correctly. If I look at your investment holdings that you put out earlier for the first quarter, not the equity but the bond holdings, and compare that to last quarter, it looks like the unrealized losses improved by around $100 million for the bond portfolio this quarter. Am I reading that right? And if so, what's behind that?
Marty Hollenbeck: Michael, this is Marty Hollenbeck. Yes, that is a fair read. That's driven largely by we have been very aggressive buyers of new issues in the first quarter, which pretty much across the board tightened after new issues. That's probably the biggest driver. We bought $500 million in corporate bonds the first quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Newsome from Sandler O'Neill and Partners.
Paul Newsome: Good morning. I was hoping you could go into a little bit more detail on the workers comp charge. You covered it quite a bit, but a lot of your peers are not having similar problems. I was wondering if you could kind of think about or may be different, to give you an issue today that others don't seem to be having right now.
Ken Stecher: That's a good question, Paul. I think for one it's just a cautious approach to workers comp. It is a volatile line, it's got a long tail. I think that our actuaries are doing a good job in terms of the statistical basis that they look at the reserves. They focus on paid development and they do a multiple regression that regresses over the accident year, the development year, and the calendar year. I think that regression over the calendar is not unique, but I think it's an area that we particularly focus on and did pick up what turned out to be less than 1% or 0.9 of a percent in the calendar year trend. They look at 30 years of accident years. So when you take what seems to be a relatively small change in calendar year inflation and put it over that whole line and all those accident years I think is what generated the development. But again I guess I would just like to focus on the cautious nature that we're looking at this volatile line.
Paul Newsome: Separately, how do you think about cat load? Given that we have had a really remarkably long string of bad Midwestern weather. Have you increased it? Can you push through prices, through the regulators, to allow you to increase it? It does seem like just given what we've seen for a couple years now here in cat loads that the business could use some extra pricing.
Steve Johnston: Yes, that's another good point. I mean these weather-related losses have been extreme in the recently weeks. I don't sense that we've had regulatory pushback in terms of rate filings, at least in the Midwest. I mean Florida would be a different issue, obviously. But in terms of the catastrophe losses that have taken place more recently. To my knowledge, we are not changing the way that we look at cat loads, that we are taking a long-term approach in terms of taking the catastrophe losses out, spreading them over longer periods, and then adding them back in. But I do think your point is well taken, that given this recent experience, it requires a good, hard look.
Paul Newsome: Great, thanks, guys.
Ken Stecher: Paul, this is Ken. If I could just go back to your work comp change. Just one of the things you mentioned about maybe our book differently, the one thing I think that we may be late to the game was with predictive modeling on that line of business. And that is something that we have completed the process; we have built a system now. We're going to start utilizing that here in the last half of this coming year, 2009. So hopefully, that will benefit us a little bit in pricing each of those risks accordingly, and hopefully we hope to see some benefits from that going forward.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our next question comes from Dan Schlemmer from FPK.
Dan Schlemmer: Hi, good morning. I was curious if you could give us a little more insight on how you are thinking forward about your portfolio. I guess maybe, I think my understanding, of course you'll correct me if I'm wrong. My understanding is historically, you have somewhat intuitively matched equities with your surplus number; and reserves have been backed by fixed income; and those ratios between those reserves to fixed income have changed substantially just in this quarter. Is this something you think is a permanent change? How are you thinking about, when you would get back into equities? Or what it would take for you to move back towards a higher equity portfolio?
Marty Hollenbeck: Dan, it's Marty Hollenbeck. We are still at a little over 25% equities, which is not a number we are always comfortable with. We may take it higher going forward; and then ideally it goes higher on its own as the market depreciates. I think we are not going to go back to the days of very high equity levels. We are going to have a more diverse portfolio. We are going to focus for the near-term on fixed income and increasing investment income. And as we make progress there, we will continue through the course of the year to rework the equity portfolio and continue the process of achieving diversification.
Dan Schlemmer: Do you have a long-term ratio? Whether it's fixed income versus equity or whether it's just that sort of matching of the reserves to fixed income. Do you have a long-term target that you are aiming for? Or is it going to be more driven by market conditions?
Marty Hollenbeck: I would say that market conditions always are a key component. But we will continue to maintain bonds at an adequate level to cover reserves, or some slight excess to that. Sp. we do not have a long-term hard target, to answer your question.
Dan Schlemmer: Okay. And then separately, the favorable development, you talked through workers comp. What did you have in the quarter, excluding just the workers comp charge, which I think you have covered pretty well?
Steve Johnston: The rest of the numbers would have been favorable development. The workers comp was -- I mean in total, would be favorable. The workers comp was about a $20 million adverse development; and the total was a little over or right around $7 million in adverse development. So, the remainder developed favorably by approximately $13 million.
Dan Schlemmer: And there wasn't any specific, just more of a general, across lines and across years? There wasn't a specific favorable development that drove the number?
Steve Johnston: I would say that the commercial casualty was probably the strongest in terms of favorable development.
Dan Schlemmer: All right. Very helpful, thank you.
Operator: This now concludes the Q&A portion of the call. I will now turn it back over to Ken Stecher, for any closing remarks. Go ahead, sir.
Ken Stecher: Well, thank you for all joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our second quarter call on July 30. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: This now concludes your Cincinnati Financial first quarter earnings call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Heather J. Wietzel - Investor Relations Kenneth William Stecher - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Steven J. Johnston - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer Jacob F. Scherer Jr. - Executive Vice President, Sales & Marketing Martin J. Mullen - Senior Vice President, Field Claim and Headquarter Claim
Analysts: Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill Partners Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus David West - Davenport & Company Craig Rothman - Millennium Partners
Operator: Good morning, my name is Jennifer and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cincinnati Financial Fourth Quarter Conference Call. All lines have been placed on-mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session (Operator Instructions). At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Heather Wietzel, Investor Relations Officer. Ma'am, you may begin your conference.
Heather J. Wietzel: Thank you, Jennifer. Hello everyone, this is Heather Weitzel, Cincinnati Financial's Investor Relations Officer. Thank you all for joining us today. This morning we issued our news release and our results along with our supplemental financial package. On Monday, we issued a news release on our dividend and published the listing of the securities we owned at year-end. If you need copies of the release and periods (ph) please visit our investor website at www.cinfin.com/investors from there the show for the information is in the far right column to view results quickly. On the call today, President and Chief Executive Officer, Ken Stecher and Chief Financial Officer Steve Johnston will give prepared remarks after which we'll open the call for questions. First, please note some of the matters we discuss today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risk and uncertainties we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also a reconciliation of non-GAAP information is required by Regulation G is provided with the release and also is available on our website. Statutory is important for statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call to over to Ken.
Kenneth William Stecher: Thanks Heather. Welcome and thanks to all of you for joining us today. As we look at the results we reported for 2008, we see the advantage of superior capital and financial flexibility, which are allowing us to weather the current economic storms relatively well. In fact, fourth quarter results contain some noteworthy items. We saw strong gains in new property casualty insurance business from our agencies, continued release of reserves establishing prior periods and many big strides in the transition to a more diversified investment portfolio. What's more important is what we're trying to accomplish for the future and how we're going to get there. In today's release, we defined the way in which Cincinnati's Board management plan to measure our progress going forward. So in 2010 and 2014 we believe Cincinnati has the ability to generate an average return of 12 to 15% calculated as growth in book value plus a dividend contribution. Achieving that target creates value for our shareholders, actually for all of stake holders. I am going to talk about why we felt that it is important to articulate a longer-term performance objective, and how we'll be able to achieve that objective from where we are today. So, let me begin with why we're looking at longer-term performance. For years we have said we are committed to long-term success. Our mission has been unchanged for over 50 years. We are distinguished by our commitment to the independent agency system by our financial strength and by an operating structure that supports local decision making; showcases our client service and allows us to balance premium growth with underwriting disciplines. We have always looked for long-term relationships and invested for long-term returns. But our commentary and our investment attention, clearly was focused on results for the next several quarters. We don't want or expect anyone to ignore our results for 2008 or 2009. Well we want to start the year by giving a broader view, so that you can understand and measure the choices we make as the year progresses. Now let me turn to have we're going to reach our objectives. I'll start with what we're not going to do. We're not going to change our agent center field focused approach. We're not going to abandon our long-term investment philosophy that includes building value through equity investments. What we are doing, is looking to improve in three broad areas; capital preservation, profitability and growth. Our first strategic focus is capital preservation. We've talked a lot about this topic over the past six months. On Monday, we announced the Board was taking a conservative stance and maintaining our quarterly dividend at $0.39 per share for now. We'd like to build on our 48 year track record of annual dividend increases, but agree that it is prudent to wait and see how this year progresses. As a result of our efforts, book value at year end was $25.75 and measures of our financial strength and liquidity include $1 billion in cash, which gives us great flexibility. Applying our new investment parameters to self maintain our highly rated and diversified bond portfolio. And today, our equity investment portfolio also is balanced. Our insurance subsidiaries are highly rated operating with capital far exceeding regulatory requirements. Our premium surplus ratio for the full year was a healthy 0.9 to 1. The industry ratio was estimated at the same level at September 30th. In our ratio of debt to total capital is just shy of 17%. And we have reinsurance in place to support our ability to hold investments until maturity. We also are identifying tolerances for other operational risks in calibrating management decisions accordingly. For example, we are developing programs to address the concentration of production operations at our headquarters location. Our second strategic focus is a series of business initiatives to support improved cash flow and profitability for our company and for the agencies that represents Cincinnati. During 2009, you can expect to see maximum progress on technology projects designed to create critical efficiencies and streamline processes, again, both for us and our agencies. During the second quarter, we expect to have our workers compensation predictive modeling system in use. This will not replace the local knowledge of our agents and field staff but will enhance risk selection and pricing capabilities. By year end, we expect to deploy a new commercial lines policy administration system for commercial package in auto, to all of our agencies in about 10 states. The new system will include capabilities and features we need, so we can seize opportunities and cement our stock among the go through carriers for our agencies. Over the course of this year, we also expect to introduce expanded online services that agency have requested for policy holders. Later this quarter, personal line policy holders who rebuild for our agents, will be able to visit our website to make payments. This is not a incremental step in our efforts to become more responsive. Early in 2010, our personal lines policy processing system will move to a next generation platform. Later we'll be implementing a data warehouse to support more accurate pricing and underwriting across the entire business. We are investing in all of this technology to add efficiencies and improved management information. Our 2009 budget for these projects is about $50 million. We think we'll start to see the full payoff for both Cincinnati and agencies in two to three years. One of the most important ways to measure our progress here is our ability to sustain or improve on a key measure of our agency relationships. We seek to rank as the number one or number two carrier in agencies that have represented us for at least five years. We earned that rank for standard market property casualty business in almost 80% of our agencies in 2008. We are looking to improve on that measure in 2009 and the years beyond. Our third strategic focus is adding to our property casualty premiums, largely without adding significant concentration of risk or infrastructure expense. Many of these growth initiatives have been underway for a year or more and began contributing in 2008. While total premiums were down on re-pricing, these programs helped us to achieve very respectable 13% new business growth for 2008. We expect they will contribute again in 2009 and should reach a critical mass in 2010. The growth initiatives start with our entry into excess and surplus lines to better server agents. Today, they're right about 2.5 billion annually of E&S business with other carriers. We want to earn our fair share by growing Cincinnati's client service to those clients. In 2008, our first year we were 14 million in the E&S premiums and met our operating objectives. This is probably been the most expensive of our growth initiatives that made in here if costs are relatively low. Entering in the new states was never important source for new business in 2008 and as the potential we took very substantially going forward. We generally are able to reach 10% share of agencies business after 10 years. In Delaware, in Mexico and Washington, we reported agencies that write about 400 million annually with all the carriers that represents. Our writings with these new agencies were less than 2% of that total in 2008, illustrating our potential. We appointed our first agencies in Texas late in 2008. Over the next 18 months, we expect to appoint agencies to write about 750 million in premiums annually. Texas is quite an opportunity. Finally, we're preparing to enter Colorado and Wyoming in mid 2009 and considering additional states. Another growth source is garnering additional business from agencies appointed in recent years in our active states. Plus, we're still making appointments targeting 65 in 2009. Looking at personal lines by mid-year we expect to have made more advances using Tier rating helping to further improve our rate and credit structures. Personal lines rate changes made in 2008 have started to drive new business. Further, we had a good month this January, after additional rate changes became effective at the first of the year. We are also tapping our potential to market personal lines insurance through agencies that already represent us for commercial lines. We began offering personal lines in five more states in 2009 and we'll do so in 2009. Based on the market share we captured in the late 1990s and a similar expansion, we could generate nearly 35 plus million of claims (ph) annually as our personal lines relationships with the agencies mature. These growth initiatives bring the advantages of expanding our geographic footprint or reducing our catastrophic exposure of risk. In summary, we're focused more on specific measurement strategies t help our agencies for profitability and led us achieve the objectives we have established for our company. Now let me turn it over to Steve.
Steven J. Johnston: Thank you, Ken and good morning. I am going to make a few observations about the results highlighted on our risk management initiatives, starting with underwritings and catastrophe risks, then we'll cover loss reserve, investment, liquidity and capital risk management. I'll finish out with some additional detail on the drivers of our long-term value creation we can't just describe. I'll start with underwriting risks including catastrophe, despite experiencing the largest catastrophe loss in the company's history, our GAAP combine ratio for 2008 was 100.6. This is the first time we've above 100 since 2001. Effective use of reinsurance helped us to manage our catastrophes risk relatively well. Our catastrophe reinsurance program attaches is relatively conservative $45 million with co-participations layer-by-layer up to 500 million. This limited the impact of our $129 million gross loss from Hurricane Ike to just under $60 million or about 2 loss ratio points for the year. Our recently renewed catastrophe still attaches $45 million although our co-participation in some of the layers about 105 million is higher as detailed in the press release. We're... with the retention of our 2009 property and casualty working treaties by $1 million. We continue to balance cost and exposure by accepting higher but still conservative retention, we expect 2009 overall reinsurance costs to be about the same as they were in 2008. You'll probably notice that our fourth quarter expense ratio was an unusually high 35.3. This is a result of another risk management decision that we described in our third quarter 10-Q. We incurred the cost of transition most of the associates out of our defined benefit pension plan and into 401(k) with company match. The $27 million cost in the fourth quarter contributed about 3.4 points to the quarter's combined ratio. The new plan continues to derive associates meaningful retirement benefits that should also help us meet pension related expense and more importantly volatility going forward. With respect to managing reserve risk, Cincinnati has a strong history of careful reserve setting and we continue to look for total reserves to be in the upper half of the actual range. Nothing changed in 2008, in terms of our reserving philosophy. As this is a norm the actuaries performed in difficult third year and the fourth quarter generating the outside contribution of reserve releases we saw in the last quarter of both 2008 and 2007. Favorable development on prior years reduced the full year 2008 calendar year combined ratio by about 11 points. About $69 million or just over two of the 11 points came from of refinement of redistributed IBNR from prior accident years to accident year 2008. Moving on to investment risk management this is an area where our strong capital liquidity have historically now take on relatively more risk, both in terms of investing in equities and in our willingness to accept concentrations by sector and by name. Much has been accomplished since mid 2008 to reduce investment risk. Money is home back and the investment teams have done a great job repositioning the portfolio. The smaller portfolio is much more balanced with no sector share greater than 22% of the total and with the financial sector at 12% compared with 41% on June 30th. In terms of individual stocks, we completed the sale of the rest of the Fifth Third position in early January. We began so Fifth Third in October of 2007. Over the 16 months with only totaled 72.8 million shares at an average price of $12.91 for a total realized capital gain of 654 million. Prior to the first dividend cut our yield to cost was 37% and we have collected more than $560 million in dividend from Fifth Third just in 2003. We also reduced risk this year by ending our securities lending program and only 1.7% of the investment portfolio which carries us just level three. Moving on to liquidity and balance sheet risk management; our financial condition as Ken mentioned is strong. We have excellent liquidity with over $1 billion in cash; we also have two lines of credit. During the fourth quarter, we paid off $20 million that was drawn on one line and now have a total capacity on the lines of approximately $175 million. Our debt to total capital ratio is 16.7% most of our debt is from non-convertible, non-callable debentures that are due in 2028 and 2024. For additional finding and flexibility at the parent company we have an additional 1.3 billion invested assets including $344 million of our cash. At the property casualty subsidiary level common stocks are near of 50% of surplus and the line business premium surplus ratio of 0.9 to 1. We think we're in good shape to continue to invest to achieve our long term objectives; at this time and we reserve the right change our mind in anytime as market conditions may dictate, we anticipate allocating approximately 80% of new investments to fixed income and 20% to equities. Which is not inconsistent with our long term historically practice. In some, we believe we have the capital to support our growth, fund our investments and pay our dividend without raising additional capital. The progress we've made in managing all of our risk adds to our confidence about our longer results. As Ken said, we are turning our attention to our longer-term turn horizon, recognizing both current market conditions and the number of initiatives we have underway. To achieve the 12 to 15% measure by equation as Ken mention, we're looking at three assumptions about our business. First, there are net written premium can go faster than the industry over any five year period. Second, that we can underwrite to generate consistently profitable insurance operations, that is a combined ratio consistently below 100. Third, we expect investment income to grow and our investment approach to lead to a total return on our equity portfolio exceeding that of the S&P 500. We are making two assumptions about the external environment as well. First, we are looking for the commercial lines markets to begin differ in 2009 and second we're assuming that the economy and the market to get back on track during 2010. In 2009, we will be very hard pressed to hit our five year target 12 to 15%. The economy is likely to create challenges for us as well as for others. It is potential for business closures, shrinking payrolls, declining receipts and other exposures basis; creating considerable uncertainty for any short-term forecast both on the premium side and on the loss side. So as part of the reason, we are looking at a longer term measurement. We successfully navigated through tough environments before guided by our long-term focus on cultivating our agency relationships, making decisions at the local level providing excellent client service, adequately reserving and investing for the long term. We are confident and we will continue to do so. Ken?
Kenneth William Stecher: Thanks Steve. When you add it all up, we have everything it takes to build value for our shareholders, agents, policyholders and associates. We have strong human capital with the agency to believe our business model brings value to their clients with the associates dedicated to quality and service. We believe we have the right plans in place to reach our objectives and we're eager to reach the opportunities that lie ahead for our company. With that, let me open the call for questions. Just a reminder that Jack Schiff, Martin Mullen, J.F. Scherer and Martin Hollenbeck are here with Steve and myself and are available to respond. Jennifer, we're ready for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Dan Schlemmer.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Good morning. Hello.
Kenneth William Stecher: Good morning.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Hi sorry, I wasn't I think I heard my name in there wrong or something. Question on the Fifth Third, I just want to make sure how did you write. You are saying, as of today you don't own any Fifth Third is that what I heard correctly?
Steven Johnston: That is correct.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay. And on the personal lines, the 11% up this quarter, is there... you reference the rate changes. Is that really what's driving in and can you break it out into volume versus rate change. And then is there anything else in there worst that's really driving the 11% is obviously your best performance on personal lines in quite a while, so just want to sort of understand where that's coming from?
Jacob Scherer, Jr.: This is J.F. The new business that we're receiving is concentrated on a lot of our new appointments. We increased our new business writings in personal lines by about $3.8 million, and agencies that we've appointed in 2007 and 2008 are simultaneously with that and accordance with our models and curing for personal lines we've improved our competitiveness on the better highly weighted scores and we're gradually raising rates on the poorer scores. So that's resulted in some better results from us. And the agencies that we've had on board previous to 2007 did not broke-even in terms of the new business we were at this year versus last. Like the signs that we're seeing in January, we had a good January as far as new business is concerned in personal lines. We will continue to tweak our rates based on the various tiering, but right now we're seeing some of the benefits of changes we've made.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton: And just staying on the personal lines the rates in particular, can you give us a little more characterization of the rate changes that were made, is it generally you are going up all over, down all over, is it more targeted and that part of the question I was really thinking geographically. And then obviously you're changing your spread with the tiering, but really just thinking the aggregate rate level are you seeing mostly up or down and where are you seeing that?
Jacob Scherer, Jr., Jr.: I think we're seeing mostly down on the better insurance scores. We found ourselves and it's not consistence geographically that we were simply not properly priced. And so we have as we talked about previously been examining various states and various regions of states as to where our competitiveness would be. We're guided by the scoring mechanisms that we have in placed right now making certain that we're not been adversely selective against where we're too highly priced on the better insurance scores into low price on the worst scores. So really I think our concentration, though we do know from agency back in any geographic area whether or not are base rates just simply have made us uncompetitive. We are really tweaking more towards the model at this point, more so in necessary geographical concentration... we want to be competitive with price obviously everywhere and the models guidance.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Sure. Last question and this is coming right out of the release, but it was also mentioned in the prepared comments. The savings from favorable development and you mentioned a redistribution of 69 million in reserves. Can you give us a little more detail on that or is that a just a standard year end adjustments that you guys have historically made or is that something unusual?
Steven Johnston: Sure Dan, this is Steven. That particular adjustment is unique to this year. I think something to keep in mind is that none of the overall reserve setting practices have changed and if you look at the balance sheet, we're actually up about $190 million in total reserves from year end 2007 to year end 2008. As I did do a thorough review looking at the risk by accident year and so forth looking at how they allocate and handle and even some cases in the older years negative IBNR and just did a redistribution of the IBNR by accident year that put the 69 million into accident year 2008, which ends the effect of making the accident year 2008 that we look two points higher than it would have been absence of change. Think on a go forward basis, we're really pretty much in the same position as we move into 2009, 2008 will be part of all prior years.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton: I guess that sounds to me like you... because you pulled that forward year, year '08 is now being booked, maybe more conservatively than the '07 booked a year ago. Is that accurate or no?
Steven Johnston: I think that's a fair characterization.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay, fine. Very helpful. Thank you and congrats on a good quarter.
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Dan.
Jacob Scherer, Jr., Jr.: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Paul Newsome from Sandler O'Neill Partners.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill Partners: Good morning.
Steven Johnston: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill Partners: First question, do you really just think conceptually about your accident year and what... it looks you've got a pretty high accident year result. What immediate steps are you thinking about try to improve your accident year?
Steven Johnston: I think, you make a good point Paul. I mean we haven't had a combined ratio. This has been over 100 since back in 2001. I think 2008 was a satisfactory year given the adverse levels are coming just a tick over 100. As we do look at the accident year, even with this reserve adjustment, I'd say adjusting from the cash in the reserves that will be 202.5. That's higher than where we want to be. And so I think all the initiatives that Ken mentioned, we're taking very seriously in terms of increasing the technology, increasing the pricing position, bringing in the predicted modeling for workers compensation and more of the scoring in multi barrier analysis on the personal lines side. So I think everybody in the organization throughout the organization knows that we've got challenge ahead of us. But I think it's a great underwriting company and I think we'll step up to the challenge.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill Partners: Are you folks pulling in price increases across the board to recover that or you waiting for the market to give it to you?
Jacob Scherer, Jr.: Paul this is J.F. the market really isn't giving to us as of yet however and it is all over the board in terms of what we're seeing in terms of just general market pricing. All of our field reps are meeting with all of our agencies to discuss renewal pricing there in conference calls with our underwriters and here on a weekly basis to discuss strategy. In some cases on accounts that aren't in the market that are renewing, we are able to get some affirming of prices on the more high profile accounts that draw a lot of attention competitively. We are still seeing some pricing pressure and so as a result we would be renewing at some slight credit decreases. I guess in terms of what we're able to do as far as pricing, we're taking at right into the agents offices and working very hard with that.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill Partners: One conceptual question, slightly off topic. When I look at your 12 to 15% goal and I think about your investment allocations, it sounds like well I guess this is a two part question; one is you must be assuming some long-term return on stock market effectively. And if you're doing that and my guess would be something like 10 to 12%. Is that suggesting sort of 0 to 3% return on the insurance business?
Steven Johnston: Paul, this is Steve and I think alright, with the long-term forecast is kind of like having in a equation with multiple and knows (ph) and so we can get there under a variety of different scenarios, the one you presented... as oppose as one of them, I think if as we look at the more likely scenarios, I think we would see what... we wonder what has to be driven by a lower assumption on the investment return and higher return on the underwriting side.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill Partners: Great, thank you very much.
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Your next comes from Marc Bermann from Citadel (ph).
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Kind of really to follow up on Paul's question on the accident year, as I study what is the page 20 of your supplement and I look at the quarterly trend or the year-over-year trend, I mean is there anything else its going on there, especially in the fourth quarter that you can help identify that would make that look a little bit higher than normal? And as we look out in the 2009, I mean what type of visibility do you have on that given inflation and pricing trends?
Steven Johnston: That's a good question Marc. And I think that when we talked about this reserve refinement of 59 million, most of that did take place in the fourth quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes.
Steven Johnston: And so, you are going to see the distortion for the whole year kind of showing up in the fourth quarter. We also have some reallocation between the lines with commercial orders and workers comp taking some of the increases. So I think the year-over-year numbers are the more stable ones to look at, and kind of getting back to refer, before we do have a lot of work to do. I think Ken has laid out the initially, I'll not describe those numbers more fully but I think that everybody here realizes the work that needs to be done, and we're prepared to attack it.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Kenneth William Stecher: Yeah thank you Marc, I think predicting the model is something that we're starting with workers comp I think it is something that we have to carry on to other lines. The data quality, data warehouse project we mentioned I mean those are the things I believe that our carriers are using to slice and dice to our data and come up with better underwriting decisions. And those are the things that we are committed to and we have them on a fast track. And I think you would agree that with the ... almost described in my comments about when we're going to deliver technology, this is something that has no unique... or unique for other companies but to us, it's a new approach and sense of urgency is being set there. It's something that we believe we need to do to really give us better data to help us provide better service to our agency customer. And at the end of the day, this is going to submit the relationship which will deliver greater value in our view in the long-term.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for the call.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Dwelle from RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning. I have several questions. First on the technology initiative, you talked about these types of initiatives in the past. Will you be able to execute this plan within this context of your current expense ratio or would we expect to see some type of an increase there to offering a more accelerated development process?
Kenneth William Stecher: Well Mark what we do is we expense these projects over six or seven years. So I think there is going to be... assuming there is no increase in premium, the expense impact could be in I'd say two tenths or three tenths of a point range. And that would be for that six or seven year period. Obviously, we believe that making it much easier to do business with us will give us opportunities to write additional business. And then also at the rates of may confirm (ph) obviously that will help offset some of those costs also. But I think its something that we need to do for multiple reasons and this is the future I think of our industry. To not do what I think would put us a greater risk for maybe more reductions in premium, not being able to maintain the same relationships we have with our agency force. So, I think there is going to be a small impact, but it could be offset with the additional opportunities but we have not baked anything into that, at that point of, two to three tenths of a point combined with that increase that I mentioned.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And with respect to investment portfolio it sounds like you've completed the vast majority of the restructuring or reallocation that you are set out to discuss couple of quarters ago. Is that a fair assessment or is there is some further evolution, may be I'm not in terms of specific tactical decisions but in terms of broad mix of assets and classifications between taxables and non-taxables etcetera?
Kenneth William Stecher: Hey Mark I mean, you're correct in your assessment there, most of the heavy lifting has been done although there is continued tweaking in the portfolio and again an ongoing basis, we intend to be more responsive, a little more proactive. But some of that, the bigger changes have already occurred. Yes.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. A question in terms of the... I guess pricing environment and business opportunities. As you're looking at renewals in particular, to what extent are you seeing sort of declines in unit count or people reducing levels of coverage. And is there a degree to which that is not offset by corresponding rate increases or upsides to keep that inline?
Jacob Scherer, Jr.: Mark, I think on the property side, we're not seeing, at least nothing noticeable in the way of the decrease in property values, building values, content values, where you see it mostly is in the payrolls and the sales area anything that's predicated on payroll and sales manufacturing, construction in that area. Its spotty, we've been out on our sales meeting to a couple of weeks ago talking to agencies. Along the feed back we get as on the commercial construction side that many other contractors still are fairly busy. We do business in lot of college towns, state capitals things of that nature. So interestingly enough, we almost expected to be a real negative in the construction area everywhere. But the pipeline is not particularly full as you could imagine for others commercial contractors. Residential contractors had already taken a fairly significant diet last year. So in terms of terms, conditions we're simply seeing what the economy is dealing to policy holders nothing remarkable in terms of decreases in building values probably not as aggressive an approach at rising building values. And we're trying to take a very close attention to that to make certain that the insurance to value doesn't get out of balance for our policy holders. I might go back to your question Paul answered as well as for its outlook, how we are approaching renewals. We assemble the whole field team and decided to work on the renewals as well as the new business. They are meeting in agents offices are field claims reps or the loss control reps passing information on to our underwriters as well as our agencies regarding accounts that perhaps have deteriorated. And that we may need to walk away from. So pricing is important, we certainly are close to what are the insurance is being sold. So we're making certain that we can get, what the market will bear and maybe a little bit more for our three year policy. But I also think that we're attacking very hard perhaps to bottom 5% of our policy holders that because of a variety of reasons no longer qualify, I mean based on our under writing guideline.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks for a helpful color. And one last question if I may. With respect to the dividend, I guess it was fairly notable that it was not increased. Can you just may be discuss a little bit how you are thinking about that and whether what circumstances would present themselves to make you decide to increase that later this year or alternatively if economic conditions remain poor, if there any chance that it would be reduced?
Kenneth William Stecher: Well Mark this is Ken. What we're doing is we gone through in quite a bit of modeling. And the things we're considering are, what is our payout ratio and what does it look like, say for the next five or six years. We're also looking at how we would fund that normally for most companies like ours, the property casualty or the insurance group would pass up where upstream dividends will help fund that dividend payment at parent company level. So, we're looking at the factors like if we do pass up a dividend from the property casualty group what does that do to our premiums or written... written premiums of surplus ratio, things like that. It is a record, as I mentioned in my comments that we're really proud of. We do want to continue that if at all possible, but we also have to be cognizant in the fact that we do have to maintain the ratings that we have, best to the A plus best, still puts us in some pretty good company. So we want to be careful with that. But I think while we margin all f these things, we're going to be fine. We don't know what the economy is going to do. Some of the comments you made is answered with reducing opportunities for business. We don't know how much impact that will have on our sales. Being an insurance company, employees are one of the bigger cost and we have some infrastructure. So that comes into play also. So I think, right now we feel confident with 1.3 billion of assets to the parent company level. We have liquidity to maintain that for three-four years easily. The decision would be, do we want to either way at that liquidity to maintain at it or we want to stabilize or whatever decisions may we make. Hope that I can have give you the thought process.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: No, I appreciate the commentary. I'll jump back in queue. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Phillips of Stifel Nicolaus.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks, good morning everybody.
Kenneth William Stecher: Good morning, Mike.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Steve, I think Steve alluded to this earlier on one of the questions about the reserve reallocation time line, not doing that with the line and so that might help explain some of this. But I was looking at the comments, I guess if its back, what else might be behind the scenes and the quarterly results and both personal auto and workers comps it seems to jump up a bit this quarter?
Steven Johnston: Yeah Mike, that's excellent question and the reallocation did have an impact there. But I don't want to key any quote (ph), some of the work that we need to do with workers comp either, I mean that's an area that we recognize that can be volatile, can be cyclical and we're focused on it in introducing the predictive modeling and rolling up our sleeves and making some improvements there. But, I guess the answer to your question, the reallocation did have, did certainly have an impact.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Besides that nothing else in terms of random worse... I think it was a pretty big jump in both lines, it can...
Steven Johnston: Mart if you have...
Martin Mullen: Michael, this is Martin. In the fourth quarter, we did see as in a particular details in the fourth quarter new losses. We have a 15% increase and our new losses between 250,000 to a million. 15% of the dollars equated to that increase, we can't do our general liability line and of course that's one of our largest line in our commercial book. Fortunately in January that'll return to normal range level in January timeline so, that was some of the activity in fourth quarter that we saw increase.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thanks. And then may be for Steve I think a lot of the talk about the overall economy and how that impacts, I think most of the top line from most insurance companies. What are your thoughts and how do think about how all the effects of the economy could be impacting you of course?
Steven Johnston: I think most of the commentary is on the top line but exposure base for worker comps in payroll for all our general liability policies that's receipts in various exposure basis are designed to go up and down as the economy goes up and down, and as the... somewhat very as well as the losses with these economy sets and its exposure basis. And I think that's what makes it so tough to predict is that we're going to have movement on both sides of the loss ratio.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Fair enough, thanks Steve.
Steven Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David West from Davenport & Company.
David West - Davenport & Company: Good morning. First a clarification, I think you mentioned the, of your $1 billion of cash and equivalent. How much of that was at the holding company that I missed that?
Steven Johnston: We tried to highlight what we did have at the holding company and it was 1.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents. And investments, 344 million as it was actually in cash.
David West - Davenport & Company: Okay. That was that I thought ahead. Okay thank you for that clarification. You generated 14 million of premiums on the E&S effort this year. Could you talk a little bit about that momentum in 2009 and when would you think that could go?
Jacob Scherer, Jr.: Sure. We are very happy with our first year as was mention in remarks, our agents write $2.6 billion in the aggregate of that system surplus lines business. We are now up and running in all lines property, casualty miscellaneous professional and E&O in 33 of 35 states we're active in. We are not active in Delaware State of domiciles and we're not active in Florida at this point in the E&S business. We are not a market for the entire 2.6 billion obviously there are agents right, but we are.... we would have an appetite range for something pretty a significant portion of that. So we view that we have quite a bit of opportunity and quite a bit of momentum going into this year to write a substantial amount of E&S business.
Kenneth William Stecher: David, as an example, last year we got also slow start. We had less than 1 million in the first quarter and the fourth quarter as the written premium was up to 5.7 million. So you can kind of see the progression of our ability to grow this as we get back to in more states with the agency. Well we're used to our new technology in our process, so you could can see a amount or kind of a estimate where it land, right?
David West - Davenport & Company: Right.
Steven Johnston: In 2009. We haven't given a specific guidance on E&S premium.
David West - Davenport & Company: Very good. As you've gone through these strategic initiatives have you rethought your use of multi-year contracts or do you think that's going to be a continuing part of your landscape for Montana?
Steven Johnston: It's been a part of the landscape since 1951 and we would anticipate that it would stay there. It's frankly right now on the new business side and for that matter on renewals. The stability that the three year policy represents is a very attractive item for the renewal policy, as well as the attraction of new business. And I think it's worth mentioning and reminding that about 75% of our premium is subject to re-underwriting and re-pricing a year, even though we used the three year policy. It does mean that if we re-price and account today that on the property and the liability, the rates of the premium, but the rates will be guaranteed for three years for a policyholder. The auto, the workers comp and the umbrella would all be subject to re-pricing and re-underwriting as we move forward. But to some total of all of that I think our agencies would feel based on the cost of marketing and insurance as well as the stability and persistency of a policyholder. The three year policy for the long-term serves us very, very well.
David West - Davenport & Company: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Rothman from Millennium Partners.
Craig Rothman - Millennium Partners: : Just going back to the question on the impact on loss trends from the weak economy. Are you pricing in or factoring that into your loss ratio picks. The impact from potential more hazard in that.... in this economy?
Kenneth William Stecher: In terms of more hazard, I mean that one is hard one to get specific on in terms of picks, because actually I've rate studies on both sides of the issue as we have tough economic times. I mean one, we'd say for workers comp situation that a person would maybe more likely to enter their back on the job before they got laid off. On the other side, in the tough economy, people may be that much more diligent and careful to not a have a loss, to exacerbate the problems that the economy is causing. So I've rate studies on both sides of the coin in term of the more hazard that's presented by the economy. So, no we haven't really specifically picked the target there.
Craig Rothman - Millennium Partners: Okay. And then within workers comp in commercial auto that's quarter-over-quarter combined or the loss ratio has jump 30 points. Can you still average that I know you touched on workers comp before it was, within any specific states or real issues or are you starting to see any sort of trends that are new?
Kenneth William Stecher: I don't think it's a state-by-state issue. I think it's across the board. I do think the fourth quarter was [inaudible] by redistribution of IBNR. So I think the year-over-year annual number is the one to focus on, but it's again its still deterioration. It's still something that we need to really focus on in terms of our pricing persuasion in our underwriting or in loss control and everything that we do with the decision making with the local level will come with our agents. It needs to be an area focused.
Craig Rothman - Millennium Partners: And commercial auto?
Steven Johnston: Same there, I think it's also impacted by the redistribution of the IBNR and again just another area that we need to focus on.
Craig Rothman - Millennium Partners: Okay. And did you talk about your reinsurance pricing, what you're seeing there?
Kenneth William Stecher: Yes, it was Tom Joseph led our renewal here at the beginning of the year. And basically we are taking on a little bit more exposure if a loss to the entire 500 haven't forbid a loss to the entire $500 million limit. During 2008, I believe would have resulted in about $105 million loss to us, in 2009, that would be 118 million. We're also taking a little bit more exposure on the access into risk contracts with 1 million higher retention moving from four to five and five to six respectively, but when you look at everything, I think that's still a very conservative position for a company of our size and financial strength to had a cap right there with, it attaches a $45 million and again we balanced the cost and the exposure and we think we'll bring the cost and in just about equal to maybe a little bit down from where it was in 2008. But we are taking on more exposure.
Craig Rothman - Millennium Partners: Okay. So just thinking about this all together, thinking about the axe in your loss ratio trends, the uncertainty about your potential warehouse or the economy, the investment environment, the higher insurance was... how come you're just not raising pricing regardless of what the market is doing right now?
Kenneth William Stecher: Well that's a little bit more our conscience sometimes when you're trying to preserve good accounts. We are trying to raise pricing on a account-by-account basis. We are protecting the very good accounts as I mentioned earlier, we are having some luck in certain areas. It's really on an account-by-account and agency-by-agency approach to thing. Everyone out there is talking about burning (ph) pricing. The decision comes though when you get right down to the quality of the account, knowing the account, and good communication between the agent and the home office. So we are very, very focused on them.
Craig Rothman - Millennium Partners: Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Kenneth William Stecher: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions).
Kenneth William Stecher: Any further question Jennifer? Jennifer?
Operator: At this time there are no further questions.
Kenneth William Stecher: Well thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter call on April 30th. Have a great day. Good bye.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Heather Weitzel - IR Ken Stecher - President and CEO Steve Johnston - CFO
Analysts: Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus Dan Schlemmer - FPK Beth Malone - KeyBanc Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners
Operator: My name is [Avogal] and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cincinnati Financial third quarter conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Ms. Wietzel, you may begin your conference.
Heather Wietzel: This is Heather Weitzel, Cincinnati Financial's Investor Relations Officer. Thank you for joining us today for our third quarter conference call. This morning we issued the news release on our results along with our 10-Q supplemental financial package and the listing of the securities we own. If you need copies, please visit www.cinfin.com for all the information related to the quarter can be found on the Investors page under the quarterly results quick link. On the call today, President and Chief Executive Officer, Ken Stecher, Chief Financial Officer, Steve Johnston will give prepared remarks, after which we will open the call for questions. But first please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also, reconciliation of non-GAAP information as required by Regulation G was provided with the release and also is available on our website. Statutory data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call over to Ken.
Ken Stecher: Thank you, Heather. Welcome and thanks to all of you for joining us today. We are all aware that this has been a challenging quarter on many fronts for our country, our economy, and for many individual companies including ours. As we join you today, Cincinnati remains a strong, healthy and forward-looking regional insurance company. Our relationships with our local independent agencies are as good as ever and so as the franchise value those agents leverage across the 34 states, where we operate. One of the concerns this year has been a record level of catastrophes especially the surprising Midwest windstorm component of Hurricane Ike. Storms are a chance to shine for our claims associates and our agents. They deserve thanks for their special efforts to handle the almost 18,000 claims we received since September 14th more than 80% of which are already closed. Another source of concern has clearly been the capital markets. Our portfolio withstood the events of the third quarter fairly well. We are taking the right actions to diversify, selling stocks to lock in gains and reinvesting the balance in future performance. But the rebalanced portfolio remains subject to external forces and has experienced some market value declines in October. We have ample capital to withstand these short term disruptions and to support our current dividend. Our financial results also show our company's resilience with profits on both a net and operating basis for the three and nine months and book value of $28.87 was just $0.12 below the June 30 level. In a moment, I will turn the call over to Steve to cover many of the details on the financials. But first, we talked last quarter about positioning Cincinnati's executive team for the future. Since July, I have been President and Chief Executive Officer. My new role has given me a fresh appreciation for our company and our agents. I have had the opportunity to spend time with our agents, when they visit us here and I have gone out into the field to travel with several of our field marketing representatives. I have learned that our agency, the market with a realistic eye. They are appropriately concerned about the insurance market and trends and pricing, and competition hoping, but not certain that recent signs of market firming will continue. At the same time and regardless of the state of the market, our agents like to hear that Cincinnati plans to continue to be agent focused offering local decision making and products to meet their customers' needs. They appreciate that. We will continue to offer best-in-class claims service. They listen with interest to our plans for managing our capital to ensure that we remain a highly rated carrier. They all emphasize the importance of following through on our technology initiatives and other efforts to make Cincinnati, an even easier company to do business with. I can assure them that we are not planning to change our philosophy. But we are working very hard to continuously improve our execution whether it's with technology or other tools. I am personally supporting our leadership team and their efforts to make doing business easier for agents. I have taken a personal interest in encouraging our risk management programs. So, we can identify and address potential issues before they become concerns. Finally, I am also encouraging a variety of initiatives that will allow Cincinnati to come out of the soft market prepared to resume healthy and profitable growth. Before I talk more about those growths and strategies, let's have Steve go through some of the numbers. Steve?
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Ken. I am going to cover the third quarter and nine month numbers as well as talk about our outlook for the full year of 2008. And there are two primary concepts that I want to discuss as the high level. First, our balance sheet is strong and transparent with level III assets representing less than 1.6% of total invested assets. Second, even in these tough times, our income statement performed relatively well. Regarding the balance sheet, as Ken mentioned, GAAP book value per share was $28.87 at September 30th, 2008 down less than one half of 1% sequentially from the prior quarter. Also during the third quarter, the Cincinnati Insurance Company statutory surplus increased by $37 million. Although the statutory surplus is down from year end, the annualized premium surplus ratio remained strong at approximately 0.8 to 1 putting us in a strong position to grow profitably. The holding company is also in a strong position with over $1 billion in invested assets to support our dividend paying philosophy and provide for financial flexibility. On the income statement, reported net income per diluted share for the third quarter was $1.50 up from $0.72 for the third quarter of 2007. On an operating basis, third quarter earnings were $0.45 per share compared with $0.66 per share for the third quarter of 2007. Realized capital gains represent the only difference between reported and operating earnings. In an effort to lock in gains and diversify the portfolio, we sold common stocks during the quarter that more than offset the $121 million in non-cash impairment charges, we had previously announced. The gains included $472 million from sales of financial sector stocks plus partial sales of a few non-financial common stock holdings. Adding everything up, realized after-tax capital gains contributed $1.05 to third quarter earnings. Investment income was down 14.5% for the quarter and 8.5% through nine months. In terms of our outlook for the full year of 2008, we still believe that investment income may be down at least 10% due to dividend cuts announced by some of our holdings earlier in 2008. On the underwriting side, we posted GAAP combined ratios of 101.3 for the third quarter and 101.1 for the nine months up from 97.3 and 91.9 posted for the third quarter and nine months of 2007. Underwriting results continued to be adversely impacted by catastrophe losses in the third quarter. We believe the high storm activity might lead to a full year 2008 combined ratio that also is modestly above 100%. The big storm of the quarter was Hurricane Ike, which reached the Gulf Coast on September 12 and moved into the Midwest on the 14th. Ohio, Indiana, Kentucky were hit with hurricane strength winds. We estimate our gross losses from Ike to be $105 million making it the single largest catastrophe in the company's history. Net of reinsurance, the loss is estimated at approximately $57 million. All catastrophe losses contributed 8.4 and 9.7 percentage points to the combined ratio in the three and nine months compared with the unusually low 1.7 and 1.2 points in the same three and nine months of 2007. We continue to believe catastrophe losses could contribute as much as nine percentage point to the full 2008 combined ratio. We remain consistent in our practice of setting sound loss reserves. Savings from favorable development on prior period reserves during the current periods improved the combined ratio by 13.7 points and 8.9 points in the three and nine months ended September 30th, 2008 compared with 6.5 and 5.4 percentage points in the same three and nine month periods of 2007. The contribution rose primarily because of savings in the commercial casualty line of business. Commercial casualty is benefiting from an initiative, where we use a claims mediation process that promotes earlier liability settlement resolution and from revised expectations for related loss expense inflation. On the growth front in a competitive market, net written premiums for the quarter were $727 million down just 1.3% from the third quarter of 2007. For the nine months, net written premium was down 4.2%. New business remained strong up 12.1% for the quarter and 9.6% year-to-date. To restore the affected layers of our cat treaty, we booked a reinstatement premium of $11 million, which reduced written and earned premiums for the three and nine month periods. We are taking a conservative position on our premium growth outlook, when we say we continue to believe 2008 full year written premiums could decline by 5% or slightly more, if the market firms, premium growth would obviously be better. While there are many uncertainties involved with predicting the timing of market changes, one thing we do know is that our local field associates will be close to the action and making sound decisions at the local level. With that, I turn it back to Ken.
Ken Stecher: Before I talk in more detail on our growth strategies, I wanted to mention again our risk management initiatives. Steve talked about some of the recent actions we have taken in the investment portfolio. At Cincinnati, we make risk management an important part of our planning processes folding it directly into our corporate and department business plans. Our processes have helped us identify and develop risk plans that consider items like business continuity, exposure concentrations, risk convergence and reinsurance. We are modeling our business plans including our risk profile to identify and manage to acceptable tolerances. Complementing these efforts are initiatives that expand the reach of our property casualty insurance operations, diversifying us geographically and also creating opportunities to expand our scale. Our first growth opportunity is entering the new states. We entered Washington and New Mexico in 2007, writing more than $3 million in new business in those states in the first nine months of this year. We are now on the ground in Texas. In early October, our first field representative began calling our prospective agencies in the Greater Austin area. We are expecting our second territory, located in Dallas to be staffed late in November with another experienced Cincinnati marketing representative. We would anticipate our first Texas agency appointments and first policies before the end of the year. We will add a third Texas territory soon likely in the first quarter of 2009. We see Texas as an exciting opportunity. The Austin and Dallas/Fort Worth markets have a population about 10 times that of Montana. We entered Montana about 10 years ago and now write $31 million in premiums there. In addition to our activities in new states, we are appointing agencies in our current territories to help round out our market coverage. Not including our planned appointments in Texas, we expect to add a total of about 75 new agencies across all of our states this year. The agencies appointed in 2007 and 2008 contributed $21 million to $229 million in new commercial lines business, we recorded in the first nine months. Over the course of the first five years of a new agency relationship, we usually see our premiums move up quickly reaching an average of about $2 million in premiums [in the] sixth year. Both existing and new agencies benefit from new products and services, we developed to stay competitive. In 2008, the highlight of this effort has been our introduction of excess and surplus lines. Through nine months, the E&S operation added $8 million in premiums and this month we have already hit the $10 million mark for the year. Our agencies write in the range of $2.6 billion of Excess and Surplus lines business and we believe, we are positioned to get a meaningful share. Further, we are leveraging our personal lines policy processing system using it to rollout Personal Lines to traditional agencies that previously wrote only our commercial lines products. Since the beginning of 2007, 110 additional agencies have begun marketing Cincinnati's homeowner and auto products. Importantly, many of those agencies are in states, where we previously had little or no personal lines market share. The premiums they write are new opportunities to grow and to diversify our exposures particularly to catastrophe losses. We plan to continue this effort in 2009. In January, we will supplement the expansion with more pricing refinements to better improve our competitive stance. Last but most definitely not least, we see opportunities with our current agencies. Tapping their potential relies on developing new and improved products and on services that go that extra step particularly claims service that makes the agency look good in this community. Sometimes we go out personally and ask what we can do to earn their quality business. I had the privilege of doing just that in Indianapolis last week with a few agencies. I am eager to see the results in a few months. When you add it all up, we think we have got what it takes to build a great future. Cincinnati is a strong and healthy company. We are not immune to the external forces that have stressed our financial markets and economy in the past year, but we are set to manage risk and be ready to move ahead, when things stabilize. We have the strong capital and liquidity to invest in systems and people. We have the capital and flexibility to support growth. We have the capital to support our cash dividend to shareholders. We believe our current capital position can withstand short term pressures such as the market volatility that we have experienced in October. With that, let me open the call for questions. Just a reminder that Jack Schiff, Jim Benoski, Marty Mullen, J.F. Scherer and Marty Hollenbeck are here, as well Steve and myself and available to respond. Avogal, we are ready for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Michael Phillips, Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you. Good morning everybody.
Ken Stecher: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Questions, I guess first on just the underwriting profitability. If we back out things like the cats and the prior period development, we are still pretty far north of 100% on both commercial and personal lines part of that is probably conservatism in your current period reserves, but hard to think that it's worth seven or eight or nine points, which is where I think we are once we back that stuff out? Your comments sound like for both personal and commercial, you described the rate environment is still challenging. So with all that together, how do we get back to where we probably need to be on a current accident basis for both commercial and personal lines?
Ken Stecher:  First of all, I think we need to be looking long term, which is what we try to do and we think that by developing the relationships with our independent agencies and helping them with their important customers, we are positioning ourselves for the future growth. That being said, the current pricing does produce the numbers. I haven't done the math exactly, Steve may have, but you are in the general area, where the accident year combined ratios are. I think that we just need to continue to build our book along with the technology we are developing. It really put us in a position to take advantage of the hard market. Our long term goal has always been that we want to outperform the industry. The combined ratio getting to where it is at, I think we are still able to do that. But the profitability is not quite there like it has been historically. To some extent, I think, getting us there is going to take some rate hardening of the market. But I would like to see if Steve or J.F. will have any additional comments to that question.
Steve Johnston:  In regards to the reserves, Michael, actually that the number you were getting; you were doing the third quarter, right?
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: That’s correct, yes.
Steve Johnston: It's a lower than that for the year-to-date. I guess, I have been talking about the reserves; you made a very good point there that when you go through that exercise of removing cats and the impact of favorable development, you do arrive at an estimate of the current accident year that I think, you made the good point, but that is very immature. It's very volatile. In this case we are talking about nine months of accident year 2008 at nine months of development. Just a couple of points, I would like to make is one is, we haven't changed anything in the reserve setting process. We are continuing our track record of setting solid conservative reserves and nothing has changed. Then the other point, I want to make it is the key driver is the commercial casualty line of business. It represents over 60% I believe of the favorable reserve development and it’s the result of a good positive initiative, where we have instituted a few years ago, claims mediation process that gets to the parties to the table earlier, brings in experts and I think has a favorable outcome for everybody. As kind of proof of that, the assumptions that were made in setting the reserves in prior accident years were not including as good development as favorable development as we have seen through that process. So I think that’s the driver. Marty Mullen here may have some data on the claims mediation process, I don't know.
Marty Mullen: Thank you, Steve. Michael, just to comment a little bit on our historical reserving process. We always reserve to reflect the severity of injury in our general liability line of business. The favorable development results from positive developments in those liability analyses which result ultimately in settling claims timely and fairly. So, I think, to consider the developments and the liability issues, they are unpredictable and depend on numerous issues and usually have a long tail. So that reconfirms that the nine month data is a little premature as far as the accident year data is concerned.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks. That mediation process that you mentioned, does that translate at all over to a personal auto liability, cannot?
Marty Mullen: Yes, correct. It’s a process in which we utilize the availability of a mediator to intercede and even pre-suit claim activity in personal and commercial lines.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. On the personal lines side, I guess trying to get a sense of, where your rate process is and I guess year-to-date a lot of the metrics that we look at we are seeing something a little different from some competitors and actually a lot of competitors and just some external metrics of rates are actually going up in personal lines both for homeowners and personal auto. So it sounds like you are a little different there and I am wondering how different might you be? I guess, firstly, is it true? Then how different might you be?
J.F. Scherer: This is J.F. I think in looking at our numbers and our rate making process, I think we have announced previously that we have instituted significant changes in our rate making process and predictive modeling adding additional tiers. We are not in the commodity market. What we are trying to do is within our own agency force sight in, if you will proper rate levels for both homeowners and private passenger auto insurance. We are hearing in the marketplace, seeing in the marketplace that there is some slight increases in rates out there. So, much of that gets masked by the level of modeling and scoring that’s going on. So, I don't know that it would be very easy to really take a look at our particular numbers because we are in the middle and nearly in every state that we are in we are doing quite a bit of tweaking on getting our rates where they need to be.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thanks. I will jump offline. I appreciate it.
Steve Johnston: Michael, while you are off, I would just like to throw in one other comment. When we look at the rate changes as J.F. described and I think they are averages and there is a lot of movement going on within the various classes, and as J.F. mentioned the rating classifications relative to predictive modeling. So it is important to recognize we are tailoring where rate decreases, and are being taken to the risks with the better scores. So, to the extent that there is a shift in the business, there can also be some movement to a lower rate just on business shift.
Operator: 
(:
Steve Johnston: Onto the next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Schlemmer with FPK. Your line is open.
Dan Schlemmer - FPK: Hi. Good morning. Couple of questions on the equity portfolio, if I could. I think its $4 billion ballpark is the total equities and then a little more than a billion to $1 billion in the financial sector and actually that’s been reduced just since September 30th. How do look at that going forward? Are you happy with that concentration or do you think that’s something you are going to continue to try to reduce or are the decreases we have seen there such that maybe you see opportunity is still in the financial sector for your investment portfolio?
Marty Hollenbeck: Dan, this is Marty. We are still cautious out there. Our portfolio was about 32% financials as you observed at 930 that drops down to about 30.4 pro forma for the Fifth Third sales we did in early October that we announced. That’s down from about 56% at the end of last year. So, we have made tremendous strides at reducing that. But with what’s going on with the cuts and issues with dividends, we are still very cautious and we will continue to assess the situation and mold the portfolio as required.
Dan Schlemmer - FPK: Then it sort of related to that. I think one of the reasons you had a concentration in financials, is your focus on dividend paying stocks. Is that something that’s still a key criteria for you going forward? Then if it is or to the extent that it is, can you comment on dividends during the current quarter and if there were any abnormalities or if the lower level during this quarter, sort of what to expect going forward?
Marty Hollenbeck: Dividends are still very important to us and that’s really the core of our philosophy. That part hasn't changed. I mean, we are going to look for some diversification and risk management going forward. But again, we would like dividends for a lot of reasons. Clearly, we are in a troubled period. I think a lot of the hit, we took in the dividends, is what you saw in the first two quarters and that’s going to take a while to roll through. But again, we will reposition the portfolio for the long term and we anticipate getting back on track of getting, those kinds of increases that we have been accustomed to in the past.
Dan Schlemmer - FPK: I guess then so it sounds like the year-over-year, I think, its $75 million in dividend income down to $46 million. Is that maybe the level we should be looking for going forward? There were no timing issues or anything else that are distorting that at least short term going forward that’s sort of where it’s at?
Marty Hollenbeck: It was down 30% earned dividends were in the quarter and that’s marginally as I said, the effect of Fifth Third was the big one in there, and then earlier in the year with Huntington, National City, Wachovia, et cetera. Those comps in that regard if all well stays the same should start looking better about the second quarter of next year.
Dan Schlemmer - FPK: Okay. Then separate question changing gears real quick. I think a year ago you started talking about where you wanted to go with the E&S and there was, I don't think you have thrown out much in terms of here is where we think it can go and trying to be cautious and not put pressure for the growth at any cost mentality. Almost a year into this, do you feel like you have some kind of forward-looking expectation or can you put any future guidance a year out, two years out on, where the E&S can go in terms of size. Is there any increased clarity at this point?
J.F. Scherer: This is J.F. We have said repeatedly we do want to walk before we run with Excess and Surplus lines to have hit the 10 million marks here in October was very satisfying for us. We do step back and take a look at what our agencies write. As Ken mentioned in his remarks, they write about $2.6 billion in Excess and Surplus lines business. A very large part of what we are writing is less than $10,000 in premium mostly casualty at this point. We are encouraged as we rolled this out in all states. Within the $2.6 billion, there are a lot of very difficult risks that we won't be a market for. But we are encouraged by our potential there. But I don't know that we are ready to say in two years, we think we will be at some particular level. I would just say to you that the receptivity has been excellent.
Ken Stecher: Dan, this is Ken. I mean one big opportunity that we did miss last year was January 1 renewals and we are not quite sure what impact that may have. So I think we will consider some kind of guidance probably in the first quarter during our year end conference call. But for this point in time, I don't think we are ready yet to announce anything.
Dan Schlemmer - FPK: All right. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Beth Malone with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Beth Malone - KeyBanc: Thank you. Good morning. A question on the Fifth Third position. The strategy historically has been said that if a company cuts their dividend then that would be the argument for your selling out of that position. If that were true does that mean that you are going to sell the remaining ownership of Fifth Third? Should we make that assumption at some point?
Ken Stecher: Well. We are still assessing the situation. I mean certainly we have taken that position from a $72.9 million down to $20 million in less than a year now. We will continue to look at it. There is some recent developments obviously that we need to take note of. So at this point, no decisions have been made. But we will continue to assess that.
Beth Malone - KeyBanc: All right. Then as you look at the markets and you did have some good new business growth. Was the majority of that coming from new markets that you have recently entered or is that from existing markets?
J.F. Scherer: Majority would be from existing markets, but we have got a nice start in New Mexico and Washington. The Excess and Surplus lines company has added nicely to the new business. We continue to do well. As we have introduced loss control and some sophisticated capabilities for our agencies in some of their larger accounts. We have identified $39 million in consolidation of carrier business rollover business from within our agencies. So Beth, there isn't any one thing. It continues to be an aggregation of a lot of things that we have done very well. For example, you don't want to grow this way. But here in Ohio, as the result of the hurricane Ike, the satisfaction with our claims service has been enormous and we would expect that we will probably see an increase in new business here in Ohio. So, a lot of things are going right in a lot of areas. I think, the combination of all the strategies are helping us with our new business.
Beth Malone - KeyBanc: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Scott Heleniak] with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Hi. Good morning.
Ken Stecher: Good morning, Scott 
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: First question about the investment portfolio. Equities are about 40% of vested assets now and you mentioned in your release, you are comfortable with that number. Do you see that going to the 50% to 60% range longer term or would you try to limit that now with new targets given I guess the situation? I guess is there any target where you would limit equities to percent of invested assets is the question?
Marty Hollenbeck: Scott, we don't have any real hard targets. But as we mentioned that 40% is something we are comfortable with. We do have an internal policy now some guidelines. Again, they are not extremely hard numbers, but we do want to manage around that. So I think by and large you will see an equity portfolio in the size of where it is at give or take. Again, we don't start selling, when it reaches a necessarily certain spot nor do we start buying others. It's a flexible criteria, but this is the range that we feel comfortable right now, yes.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Then share repurchases; you didn't make any in the quarter. Should we expect to probably not see any in the fourth quarter as well unless the market stabilizes? Obviously the priority is the dividend but would you say new business are more of a priority over share repurchases right now and when do you expect to start doing that again I know, it’s difficult to say?
Ken Stecher: Scott that is something that we look at all the time, but I think what you just mentioned is a reasonable assumption. I think for the rest of the year, it would probably be unlikely. I think capital preservation is very important to us in these volatile times. When you watch the market move 350 points in the last 15 minutes of the market, I think the preservation of capital that puts us in a position to write good profitable business is important to us. The dividend philosophy, where we have increased dividends now for 48 years in a row, that’s very important to us. But over longer term, we will continue to look at all the avenues in the capital management including repurchases.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, sure, makes sense. Then the final thing was workers comp loss ratio was up. Are you seeing a major up tick in claims there either for you or just industry wide based on what’s going on now? Is that where you are seeing the big increase in severity of larger claims that you reported this quarter, is that the area, where you are seeing that?
Marty Mullen: Scott that’s exactly right. This is Marty Mullen. There is a kind of flat on the frequency issue of work comp seeing a slight trend in the severity of injury in the middle market type claims certainly related to the type of injuries being sustained and the increased costs in medical and long term care.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Newsome, Sandler O'Neill & Partners. Your line is open.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners: Good morning. I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about your personal lines business in general. How much do you think the difficult results are a result of the lack of use of credit scoring? Can you talk a little bit about the threshold of when and if you feel like you need to really pullback out of that market from a combined ratio perspective?
Ken Stecher: Paul, this is Ken. I will start then I will let others add in. I think what we have identified, when we have gone back and done some of our studies and really the result of the additional tiering that we have offered is that some of the prices on the higher credit scores were little too high and lower credit scores were a little too low. So I think those are things we can fix. I think some of the other things that have impacted our results have been because we are not as diversified geographically on personal lines as many other carriers are. I think we also have an impact there. I think thirdly, the relationship with our agencies and I know J.F. can definitely add color to this. When I traveled with them in Indianapolis earlier this month in my comments I noted, there was an agency there that currently does not write business with Cincinnati. But they are seriously looking at using us now because we are getting our rates more in line and our technology is now pretty stable. It's working very well and it's providing the functionality and the service that they need. Most of our agencies write a fair amount of personal lines business and I think with the relationship that we try to build there is a lot of opportunity there. So I think that with the pricing points that we have just moved into, the more tiering along with the other things we provide, I think we can be successful in this market. But so I think it's something we definitely want to continue in. But J.F, I would like to have your additional comments.
J.F. Scherer: Paul, I think if you were to canvas our agencies as to whether or not they would like to see us to be a more prominent part of their agency in personal lines that you would get a unanimous yes. The claims service that we provide of the agencies that don't write personal lines with us and beginning this year about third did not almost entirely because of automation issues, the direct billing issues. We have added 124 agencies this year alone of which 33 were new to our company, but the balance were agencies that had heretofore represented us for commercial lines only. As Ken mentioned, the automation is there, the zeroing in on proper rates with the scoring is important and it's going in the right direction. We have mentioned before that our agencies write about $4.5 billion in personal lines business. As they consider whether or not they went the personal lines accounts many of which are related to the commercial lines accounts, any claims that would be involved in the personal lines accounts, which adjustor, which company are they most interested in seeing handle those claims, I think they take great comfort in what Cincinnati Insurance Company can do in that area. So, I don't think there is a person in the building that thought we might back out of this line of business, back out of personal lines. On the contrary, I think, we all view personal lines as being a great opportunity for us and I think we have a lot of things in place to capitalize on that.
Ken Stecher: I might add, Paul, just while we are on that subject is I had the opportunity this week to look at the results of the output from the predictive modeling work and looking at the lift curves, there is a lot of room to be optimistic. From a predictive modeling work is taking place. It's already starting to be implemented. It's never over but it’s in the two stage process right now where the first steps took place for new business effective August 15th; renewals, October 1st. There is a second wave and that was for 17 states. There is a second wave that’s going to be refining it further and moving towards the indicated factors that are demonstrated in these lift curves. So I think it is underway and there is a lot of positive momentum that’s taking place that we won't see the results from for a while, and that’s on the rate side. Then on the technology side, we had, as J.F. mentioned, we have got the diamond system in place, where it provides for a certain degree of automation. But we also have on the table and ready to be implemented early next year on our dotnet platform which I think will just take us to another level. So I think there is, having said all that, I think there is some room for optimism there.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners:  Maybe one follow-up. You said that you think that you lack diversification in your personal lines book, but heretofore and most folks I think figured that at least from a catastrophe event exposure you would be better off not being on the Coast and essentially that’s what your book is. I realize there are storms during the summer months, but you are not a small company. How could you not have the diversification enough scale wise to make money in the personal lines business?
Ken Stecher: Well, Paul, what I meant by the lack of geographic diversification is we are very concentrated in Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Missouri. That’s kind of one small area there where there is a huge concentration of our personal lines business. Mostly because we started out as a personal lines company in the '50s and didn't really transition into the commercial lines more into the late '60s and '70s. So, we still have that huge concentration there. You are right. We do have some coastal exposure, but that’s been limited. What I would like to see and I think, what we all would like to see is in some of these western territories and states that we are opening, if we start selling personal lines out there, there is not quite the same type of exposure to catastrophes. Plus up in the northeast, there is a lot more limited exposure to catastrophes. So, my feeling is and it's just my feeling, is that the national carriers that are basically writing in all 50 states, they can have bad years in one part of the country; other parts of the country are pretty benign and the results look more positive because they don't have lower loss ratios there. So, that was the reason for my comment. I think, if you look at our numbers, I don't have them right in front of me. But if you look at the personal lines, homeowner premium in the five states that I mentioned, I think you will see it’s an oversized part of our personal lines book.
Operator: Your next question comes from Beth Malone with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Beth Malone - KeyBanc: Thank you. Just one question on the three year contracts that you all provide that somewhat unique in the marketplace and given where pricing is does that strategy still makes sense given that you might be locked in at relatively low rates even as pricing may start to improve?
J.F. Scherer:  Beth, once again, our three year strategy, that’s been with us since 1951. If we were to look at our book of business and our approach with agencies with a timeline of writing an account for a very short period of time, I probably accept the argument. But on the contrary right now, I think it opens the door for us to take a look as we look at new business in our agencies for especially good accounts to write those accounts, write them over a very long period of time, reinforce stability for our agencies with those accounts. Right now as far as our book of business is concerned, as we have mentioned before, we don't have our entire book of business turning over at any one period of time. That has benefited us over the last few years. As we look forward, we will simply sharpen our focus in terms of what we will be writing new. But I think it's going to give us a nice opportunity as the market firms up to provide perhaps modestly increased rates, but with a three year guarantee that we will outperform our competitors. So, that’s kind of a long way of saying that we are very much committed to the three year policy approach and it’s really served us very well.
Beth Malone - KeyBanc: Is it offered always to the clients or is it selective depending on the quality of the client?
J.F. Scherer: It works out that about 98% of our accounts have that three year policy components within it. However, it's not offered to everyone. If we have an account that requires facultative reinsurance, which is renewed on an annual basis and we can't be certain of what will be charged on the facultative side, we will issue that policy on a one year basis. On an account that’s brand new to the agency, we think we have got a great one on our hands. But we have been asked to be somewhat aggressively priced, we may go one year on that. One thing to remember about the policy is that the package policy has the guarantee. But within any account, you have an auto component in some cases the auto component could be a very large part of that that is annualized. We underwrite and we price that on an annualized basis. Workers comp is issued on a separate and one year policy. So, we are given the opportunity to reunderwrite and price that. Then the umbrella section of the policy also we have the opportunity to underwrite and price that on an annual basis. So, it’s not as though our hands are tied in terms of what we finally negotiate as far as the total account premium is concerned. But the fact that as a company, we offer sometimes large part of the account, but any part of the account that has the stability of the three year policy term. A very attractive proposition for our agents and for the vast majority of the folks that are out there buying insurance, the fact that they have a commitment from a financially strong company to freeze some part of their account for a three year period is a relief to them that they don't have to shop their account every year and that they are satisfied that they are with a good company, a good agency and with some stability in the rates.
Beth Malone - KeyBanc: Then on the economy, are you seeing real evidence in demand for your products being affected materially by the economy yet?
Marty Hollenbeck: The demand for our products relative to the economy?
Beth Malone - KeyBanc: Right. Are you seeing customers cutting back dramatically in what they need because of slower economic effects? I know there was some discussion about construction. Has it gotten worse or is it relatively stable in some of the markets you are in?
Marty Hollenbeck: The payrolls and sales especially on the construction side have been going down. We are not a dominant residential contractor insurer that obviously is a segment of the construction marketplace, which have been hit the hardest. But on the commercial side, we have seen decreases in our audits. They are still positive but they are down and had been tracking fairly consistently this year. The projections for 2009 as far as construction is concerned, is that nonresidential is going to be down 1.2%, residential down 6.7%. So obviously it will show up in our book. We like to fee that we write an above average book of construction business. So I would think that our guys will be the survivors and that it won't hit us quite as hard.
Beth Malone - KeyBanc: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer portion of today's call. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Stecher for any closing remarks.
Ken Stecher: Well. Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in Cincinnati Financial and we look forward to discussing our full year results with you in February. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Heather Wietzel - IR Officer Jack Schiff, Jr. - Chairman Ken Stecher - President and CEO Steve Johnston - CFO Marty Hollenbeck - SVP of Investments J. F. Scherer - EVP of Sales & Marketing Marty Mullen - Chief Claims Officer Jim Benoski - Vice Chairman
Analysts: Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus Beth Malone - KeyBanc Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets Dan Schlemmer - FPK
Operator: Good morning. My name is April and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cincinnati Financial second quarter 2008 conference call. (Operator Instructions) Ms. Wietzel, you may begin your conference.
Heather Wietzel: Thank you, April. Hello, everyone. This is Heather Wietzel, Cincinnati Financial's Investor Relations Officer. Thank you for joining us today for our second quarter conference call. This morning we issued the news release on our results along with our 10-Q, supplemental financial package and a listing of the securities we own. If you need copies of any of today's material, please visit www.cinfin.com where all of the information related to the quarter can be found on the Investors page under the Quarterly Results quick link. In particular, some of today's comments will refer to pages and the financial supplement. On the call, Chairman Jack Schiff, Jr. will introduce President and Chief Executive Officer, Ken Stecher and Chief Financial Officer, Steve Johnston. Ken and Steve will give prepared remarks after which we will open the call for questions. First, please note that some of the matters we discuss today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties, we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also reconciliation of non-GAAP information as required by Regulation G was provided with the release and is available on the Investors page of our website under Financials and Analysis. Statutory data prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules is permitted by the states of Ohio and Delaware, including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners' accounting practices and procedures manual, and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. So with that, let me turn the call over to Jack.
Jack Schiff, Jr.: Thank you, Heather, and good morning to all of you and thank you for joining us again today. In June, we announced a series of management transitions that will assure the continuity of our company's values, commitments and operations. These significant changes to the Cincinnati executive team and to the department leadership and reporting put us in good shape now and they also help prepare our next generation of leaders. Cincinnati has a new President and Chief Executive Officer, a new Chief Financial Officer and several new department heads, but please don't let all of this newness concern you. Your current relationships with the Cincinnati people you know will serve you well. Jim and I continue to serve as Vice Chairman and Chairman respectively. We remain actively involved, particularly with agency relationships. Ken Stecher, our new President and Chief Executive Officer, is a 40-year associate and seasoned leader who many of our investors know well. He is a person of integrity, high energy, excellent in his communication and very much a believer in continuing our tradition of being an agent-centered company. Other leaders with new or expanded responsibilities may be less familiar to you as Jim, Ken and me but they are longtime associates. We are blessed that we can make transitions in a normal course that give us opportunities to place proven leaders where we believe their individual talents may produce the most benefit. We do have one new face today at the table. Steve Johnston is Chief Financial Officer and started his career with Cincinnati Financial about five weeks ago, following extensive experience in actuarial and investment matters, serving as Chief Financial Officer of his former company before joining Cincinnati. Going forward, Ken and Steve will be doing the major share in our investor conference call. I am comfortable knowing they will be able to provide you with the right information, either from their own resources or with the able support of our Vice Chairman, Jim Benoski; our new Chief Claims Officer, Marty Mullen; our promoted Executive Vice President, J. F. Scherer; and Investments Senior Vice President, Marty Hollenbeck who also are all here in the room to handle your questions. Let me turn things over to Ken to get the real business for today's call, our second quarter results.
Ken Stecher: Thank you, Jack, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. I want to begin my comments today by acknowledging you have seen a pretty steady flow of information from us over the past month or so. Today's detailed release almost seems anti-climatic with all the information that is already out there. But we have some topics we want to revisit today to give you some additional insight. We also want to stress that as we anticipated, we returned to profitability in the second quarter. The first quarter net loss largely reflected non-cash other than temporary impairment charges, which continued, but at a lower level in the second quarter.  In the second quarter, we saw a slower rate of decline in premiums but higher catastrophe losses. Final investment results were right on with previous comments. I am going to briefly comment on the news we have announced in recent weeks on our view of our investment strategy as well as our financial strength ratings. I will also talk about the property casualty markets always a topic of interest. After my remarks, I will turn the call over to Steve to cover details of the insurance results and our up-to-date perspective on our full year outlook. Jack mentioned how pleased we are to be able to make executive transitions in normal course. We also have in process some updates to our retirement and health plan benefits that have been in the works for quite some time. We are working to assure that Cincinnati has the next generation of leaders and associates ready to move into place. Good people have always been and will continue to be the source of our strength. We planned and are making an orderly implementation of those changes. At the same time, events that were not fully under our control caused other less orderly changes. The property casualty industry saw record catastrophe losses during the second quarter, while economic and credit concerns caused continued disruptions in the stock market at large and in our portfolio. We reacted to these two different sets of events in proven fashion even though the extent of these specific events was not predicted. Reacting to the catastrophes, as we have for more than 50 years, we supplemented the work of local claims representatives with volunteers from around the country to respond to policyholders affected by weather. We received about 3500 claims through July 31st from second quarter catastrophes. We have already closed approximately 70% of those claims. Agents tell us that this prompt and personal claims service is a source of new business referrals. Reacting to the financial markets, we continued to lower our exposure to companies that reduced or eliminated their dividend. This also served to continue to address our concentration in the hard hit financial services sector. We are acting to help protect our capital and future investment income. We carefully studied our options after Fifth Third's announcement of its dividend reduction, and at our first opportunity, we chose to sell more than half of our position. Earlier in the quarter, we had completed our sale of our Wachovia and Huntington holdings and taken some gains from our excellent position along with other smaller changes in the portfolio. Our intent is to systematically reinvest the $360 million net proceeds of the Fifth Third sale and other cash flow to achieve our long-standing portfolio objectives of balancing near-term income generation and the potential for long-term book value growth. As we balance those objectives, it will likely take a few quarters to return to our track record of raising investment income every year. You saw in today's release the impact of dividend reductions on investment income in the first half of 2008, and we have adjusted our full year expectations accordingly. We believe the actions we have taken are consistent with our view of prudent enterprise risk management. As we have indicated, our Board and investment department are working to enhance our investment parameters so that we more closely align our investment strategy with specific risk tolerances. The objective is to improve our ability to identify and respond to changing conditions. For example, these new parameters address security and sector concentrations and could lead to actions, such as rebalancing the portfolio by trimming or selling off positions. In the wake of our announcement of catastrophes and reduced dividend income, but before the sale of our Fifth Third shares, the four agencies that rate our financial strength placed our ratings under some type of watch or review. Fitch and Standard & Poor's followed up by removing their watches and lowering the ratings, moving our insurance operating subsidiaries down one notch for insured financial strength. Both agencies chose to move the holding company's credit rating down two notches giving us a more standard notching profile than we had previously enjoyed. In my view, we have taken steps to stabilize our capital and surplus and we will continue to meet the quantitative or financial measurement based criteria for our current ratings or possibly ratings one notch above our current level. I am less certain about the qualitative or subjective criteria that rating agencies apply as part of their formula for determining ratings. Like all of us, they see what's going on in the economy and the stock market. They also draw their own conclusions about each rated company, assessing the full spectrum of operations and financial strength. Even if our quantitative measures are within their range for the rating we want, they can see trends or movements that make them nervous. We continue to be highly responsive to rating agency information requests and to put policyholder safety first, maintaining reserves ahead of claims and covering our liabilities with a large, highly-rated and diversified bond portfolio. On that note, let me turn briefly to today's highly competitive insurance market and how it is affecting our results. The slower rate of decline in the quarter's net written premiums reflected healthy new business activity as well as the benefits of our strong agency relationships and policyholder retention. We feel our current pace for new and renewal business is consistent with our agents' practice of selecting and retaining accounts with manageable risk characteristics that support the lower prevailing prices. A number of factors contributed to the 22.8% new business growth, including new agency appointments and our excess and surplus lines activities. We continue to make case-by-case decisions not to write or renew certain business. In this environment, we have been careful to stay within our underwriting guidelines. J.F. will be available to respond to questions with more specifics on pricing. We remain committed to our local independent agents and to maximizing their advantages. We are working on specific ways to reach new geographies, to provide agents with products to meet the changing needs of their customers, and then put in place systems that will increase the efficiency and ease with which they do business with Cincinnati. As you may have seen, we have announced plans to enter Texas, our 35th state of operation, by the end of this year. Texas is home to four of the 10 fastest growing metro markets in the country. We will enter with an eye to managing risk, but see the state offering exciting growth potential. We absolutely have the capital to support those efforts and we have the capital to write the business, our agencies bring to us, which bodes well for our ability to come out of the soft market, prepared to grow profitably. I will add that our excess and surplus lines business continues to meet our expectations with the rollout to our agencies proceeding. Not only are we writing non-standard business for our agents' customers, we are getting additional at-bats for accounts that require both standard and non-standard coverage. Our agency value in presenting their customers with a solution that offers them the complete package, including coverages backed by our company's records of financial strength and superior claims service. Turning to personal lines, we think some recent initiatives will continue to make a contribution in the second half and our new pricing structure in many states will further improve our competitive posture. For example, we are making new agency appointments and expanding geographically by adding personal lines in areas where our agents previously represented Cincinnati for commercial lines only. As we expand, we are sending underwriters to the field to train agencies and give them a quick start on our products and systems. As we take our personal lines policy processing system into these new areas, we have opportunities to gain benefits of scale and spread our risk, assuring our ability to offer our agents a competitive, stable personal lines market. We believe we are on the right path. In the second quarter, recently appointed agencies were a big source of personal lines new business. During the third quarter, we were implementing more pricing points, fine tuning our rates for each risk to produce very competitive premiums for our agents' higher quality accounts. All of these actions move us closer to achieving the benefits of scale that will help us assure our agents access to a competitive, stable personal lines market. For both commercial lines and personal lines, the biggest effect on the quarter's profitability was the catastrophe losses, but pricing and reserve changes were also factors. Steve is going to talk about how the pieces fit together in the first half of this year and how they may play out for the remainder of 2008. I will turn the call over with the aside that Steve has been in Cincinnati for about five weeks. I am pretty sure I speak for the rest of us when I say that he has fit in as if he has been a part of our team for years. Steve?
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Ken, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. I am looking forward to becoming reacquainted with many of you in the investing community. As Ken said, I am going to cover the details of the insurance results and review our thinking on the full year outlook. Before I dive into the numbers, I want to briefly share how fortunate I feel to be with Cincinnati. This is a quality company that I have studied from afar for a number of years. Being on Board with this team, my goal is to continue the work Ken has done to make our results and financial condition transparent to you and to manage the company's financial and accounting decisions with the same high integrity. Turning to the property casualty results, I am going to refer to some data that you can find in our financial supplement, which is available to all on our website www.cinfin.com in the Investor section. Second quarter net written premiums declined by 2.5%, narrowing the six months decline to 5.4%. Although we continue to experience a competitive market, we are maintaining our focus on underwriting discipline. The $14 million rise in new business for the first half, included just under $4 million in premiums from our new excess and surplus lines company in just its first six months of operation. In addition, the 36 agencies appointed this year already contributed $2 million in new commercial lines business and agencies that initiated or expanded their use of Cincinnati's personal lines in the past 18 months were big contributors to new personal lines business. Moving from growth to profitability, in the second quarter the consolidated property and casualty combined ratio increased 14.9 percentage points from the 2007 second quarter, largely because of the 13.5 point rise in the contribution from the atypical level of catastrophe losses. Let's look at commercial lines and personal lines separately to give some insight into our analysis. For commercial lines, premiums declined due to market competition. We saw a 14.7 point rise in the second quarter of 2008 combined ratio primarily because of the higher catastrophe losses. The property intensive business lines bore the brunt of the catastrophe losses, as one would expect. Briefly, we had some non-cat weather losses also. We saw a handful of losses from events that didn't cause enough industrywide damage to be classified as catastrophes. For example, we had a $4 million loss when the tornado hit a distributor's facilities in North Carolina. There has just been a lot of bad weather across the United States this year. Moving to the favorable development reserves, the commercial casualty business line contributed the bulk of the favorable development in the quarter. That business line's loss and loss expense ratio was 39.8%, compared with 54.6% in the second quarter of '07. Savings of $60 million reduced that ratio 31 points for the quarter, compared with $27 million or 12.9 points in last year's second quarter. The commercial casualty line continued to benefit from an initiative begun in 2001 to use a claims mediation process that promotes earlier liability settlement resolution. The line also benefited from revised expectations for loss expense inflation. For personal lines, we are reporting a 15.4 point rise in the second quarter 2008 combined ratio, also driven by higher catastrophe losses. Those losses were partially offset by improvements in the loss and loss expense ratio, excluding catastrophe losses and by lower commissions and other underwriting expenses. The 4.8 percentage points of improvement in the second quarter 2008 loss and loss expense ratio, excluding catastrophe losses, were primarily due to fluctuations in prior period reserve development on a year-over-year basis. Savings from favorable development of prior period reserves reduced the loss and loss expense ratio by 7.2 points in the second quarter, compared with just 0.3 points in the same 2007 period. That largely reflects savings from the other personal line of business, which includes our personal umbrella coverages. Before I comment on the outlook, I have a few observations on other aspects of the business. First, the Cincinnati Life Insurance Company contributed $0.06 to second quarter operating income, compared with $0.05 last year. This steady flow of dollars to the bottom line helps offset the ups and downs of the property casualty market. Second, we repurchased just over 800,000 shares in the second quarter, bringing the year-to-date repurchase total to approximately 3.8 million shares, making 2008 already our third-highest year since we began the program in 1996. The investment department generally makes repurchases when we believe the open market stock price is favorable. However, our activity may be limited in the second half as we balance repurchases with capital preservation. Finally, to summarize the outlook, as Ken mentioned, our investment team has adjusted its outlook for income growth. For full year 2008, they believe investment income could be 90% or more of the $608 million we reported for 2007. For 2009, they expect the first quarter comparison will be negative, but believe that we will start to see year-over-year growth in the second or third quarter. On the insurance side, we continue to believe our full year net written premiums could decline as much as 5% if current commercial lines pricing trends continue. We believe that is a satisfactory comparison in light of industry reports. It shows that we are using prudent underwriting, but continuing to look for appropriate growth opportunities, such as new agencies, new geographies and our new excess and surplus lines operation. We believe our GAAP combined ratio may be above 100% for the full year. As we have noted, our target relies on three assumptions. First, the savings from favorable reserve development reduces the ratio by approximately 4 percentage points. Second, we expect the current accident year loss ratio to be under further pressure. Finally, and here is the change we announced in June, our target now assumes that the catastrophe loss ratio could add as much as 9 percentage point to the ratio. Our case-by-case underwriting approach supported by field underwriters, loss control associates and our claims team helps us retain quality accounts and places us in a position to benefit when the market changes. We have been successful in recent soft market cycles, outperforming the industry with lower combined ratios. With adequate revenues and a strong capital position, we believe we are prepared for the future. Ken?
Ken Stecher: Thank you, Steve, for those details. Before we open for questions, let me reiterate that I welcome the opportunity to lead a company with many distinct advantages in the marketplace. I welcome the challenge to continually demonstrate the value of those advantages. Cincinnati's unique agent-centered mission, philosophies, and proven strategies have benefited many people from policyholders and claimants to agents, associates and shareholders. They will never go out of style. We will be applying those strategies as external conditions evolve whether that means competition or weather or economic and insurance cycles. We are moving ahead with a variety of initiatives that range from our entry into Texas to our entry into excess and surplus lines. They include our emphasis on expanding personal lines products and technology into more of our commercial lines agencies and states to achieve the economics and the diversification needed for long-term success. With the support of our local independent agents, our focus will be on achieving two goals. On the financial side, we will be working to establish policies to preserve our capital stability. On the insurance side, our priority will be to increase ease of doing business for our agencies, both by advancing our technology and by leveraging our local presence and decision-making in the agents' communities. I consider those as my personal commitments. I firmly believe that we can serve Cincinnati's strength and change what needs to be changed to create value for shareholders over the long term. We are confident in the continued contribution of our solid insurance operations to our earnings and our ability to sustain a strong capital position and on our Board's intention to reward shareholders with cash dividends that rise year-after-year. From my perspective, our capital position and cash flow continue to support our current cash dividend payout and should provide our Board the flexibility to consider future dividend increases for our shareholders. With that, we are about ready to open for questions. Let me remind everyone that we have quite a group here to field your questions. Jack, Steve and I are joined by J. F. Scherer, Marty Hollenbeck, Steve Johnston, and Jim Benoski as well as Marty Mullen, a 30-year Cincinnati veteran who was recently named our Chief Claims Officer. So, April, let's go ahead with questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill: Good morning. Thanks for the call. I was hoping you could give us just a little bit more color on the Fifth Third sale, in particular. You mentioned it was the first available opportunity. Could you talk about why the sale happened immediately, versus say a thought of holding on until better times come for the financial markets and how you were thinking about that?
Ken Stecher: Well, Paul, I will start and then I will let Marty follow up. Since we were a 10% shareholder, when they were in blackout, we were also in blackout. So which meant that once they decreased their dividend, the blackout existed until the point in time where they released earnings. So that was the timing there. I think the standpoint of the sale instead of waiting for a recovery, when you look at the enterprise risk management process, and when you look at the size of that position to our overall portfolio and everyone knows how large a position that was relative to our capital base and the real uncertainties in the market. I felt that preservation of capital was a very key thing that we had to address at that point in time. We saw other bank stocks and you have seen those also, that they did one dividend cut, some of them subsequently followed with a second dividend cut. We're uncertain as to where their dividends might go. Hopefully, it's not going to be changed from the current level, until it starts to reverse and rise again. But I felt from the capital preservation point of view, I didn't want to take the risk of going down into the single digits. We still have a large position that we still retain, so we will enjoy quite a bit of the upside. So that is my perspective and I will let Marty add any color to that that he would like.
Marty Hollenbeck: I think, Paul, Ken pretty much covered it all right there. I mean it was a risk assessment analysis on our part. The credit crunch, if you will, is still far from over. It is still playing out. So, we were just analyzing the further downside risk and determined that the 32 million plus shares that we were going to hang onto were adequate to participate in that upside, that recovery that we hope ensued.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill: Did the rating agencies have much of a role if any?
Ken Stecher: It really was driven by enterprise risk management. We have to say that in any time when they are going through their analysis, concentrations of investments are always one of the things they take into account. But this was mainly driven by our enterprise risk management process.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill: Great, thank you. And I will let some other folks get their questions in.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Phillips with Stifel Nicolaus.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: First off, welcome back Steve. It's good to hear your voice again.
Steve Johnston: It's good to be back, Michael.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Couple of questions. One, you mentioned in the press release and obviously your new business growth, a lot of that comes from the agency appointments, but you also mentioned the book rolls initiatives in that regard. Can you talk about how big that is for your new business in terms of numbers maybe? And then, how much of a priority do you place on that versus just individual account-by-account business?
J. F. Scherer: Michael, this is J.F. Just to give you a little idea, right now. We will be even with book rollovers underwriting on a risk-by-risk basis. We discuss with our agencies the advantages they might have in reducing the number of carriers they have. Obviously, we try to convince them that for the long term what we can do for them measures up. We have about $38 million in books of business, if you will, of about a 150 separate books that we are analyzing right now. We won't roll all of that to the Cincinnati Insurance Company, but our agencies have indicated in all those cases that we can take a look at it and that those would be eligible in their agencies for phasing out a carrier. So, I think we've really never talked a lot about book rollovers as a company, because we don't take the approach that we want to take everything in a book. We think that's dangerous. We think we can step up on the very good accounts. Our excess and surplus lines company gives us much more flexibility on those accounts, but we don't think qualify for Cincinnati Insurance Company, but that has played a nice part this year in some of the increase in new business.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: I guess a follow-up on that. With the current market conditions and agents under pressure to grow their revenue, are they looking to do more book rolls to help their expenses? Are they looking to appoint more and more companies to help possibly grow the top line that way, which of those wins out for agency do you think?
J. F. Scherer: Well, in very good agencies that granted everyone is under pressure from a revenue standpoint. But having to split up the pie in an agency among ever more increasing carriers is not something even in a tough time that an agency wants to do. They want a lineup of carriers that are reliable year in and year out and do reflect the strengths of the agency. We do see in certain states, obviously, they are just as we are going to go into Texas, we see certain carriers coming into states where we are already active and they because they will be drawn to the better agencies, will be going into the agencies that represent our company. It's always a balance. Certainly if an agency has a group of already very viable carriers, the last thing they want to do is dilute the relationships with those good carriers. So it's a balance. And just as we balance the numbers of agencies, we appoint in a certain state, so too will agencies balance the number of carriers they are going to have.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thanks. And last question. Steve, I think you mentioned on the reserve development a good chunk of that in commercial lines came from commercial casualty. I think you said you haven't revised expectation for loss inflation. That kind of got choppy that when you were saying at least on my end. Can you explain what you were talking about there?
Steve Johnston: Michael, when we look at the reserves, the various assumptions that we put into our actuarial analysis, one of them is the inflation assumption. As we look back at how the actual numbers have been developing relative to what we've had built in as an inflation assumption, we just think this is the time to revise them down a little bit.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: No, kind of numbers around what the numbers are that you are looking at there with inflation?
Steve Johnston: No, I don't have those with me. They are blended in with a number of other assumptions.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Beth Malone with KeyBanc.
Beth Malone - KeyBanc: Thank you. Good afternoon. I just had a couple of questions here. One is on the risk management that you apply to make a decision to sell the Fifth Third. Is that a different or does that constantly get recalibrated or is it a different? Did you change the way you look at that?
Ken Stecher: Beth, this is Ken. Basically enterprise risk management process is something that has been developing for the last few years. And so, I think it's something that all carriers and all companies are looking at just looking at the broad risks that they have across their organization. And when we started to look at that, and we started to look at the size of that investment in our portfolio, along with the other financial stocks, it started to point out that there was just a little bit of an oversized position. So, it really has been something that has been developing from the last few years. As we mentioned in some of our other comments, we are also in the process too of just revising our investment policy and that is going to put some parameters in place that would help us manage these investments as we go forward. If we have a stock that is a winner like Fifth Third in the future that bring us to looking at that at an earlier point in time as to the size and the outlook and things like that. So it's something that's been evolving for a few years.
Beth Malone - KeyBanc: Okay. And on the E&S book, the new E&S book, is that developing or what is your experience on that so far? Is it developing as you would have anticipated, do you have more than you expected demand for it?
Ken Stecher: From my perspective, I think it's going along very well. And I know J.F. can add color to that. I think any time you start up a new organization like that, and many of our agencies write the excess and surplus lines, but we want to make sure that we have adequate underwriting in place. We want to make sure our technology is in place. And we want to make sure that we understand the risks that are in that market. So I think it's going along very well, but I would like J.F. to add some comment to that.
J. F. Scherer: Beth, we started out slow in January where we actually only had a few agencies to make sure our systems were in place to write the business that we wanted to. We started off with five states, then another five states in Phase II that were live by the end of May. So we're not trying to explode on the scene with excess and surplus lines, but I think it is fair to say that our agencies have embraced it. Our hit ratio right now is around 40% of the submissions that we are getting. We've written through six months. We wrote $3.7 million in business in our excess and surplus lines, but the attractive consequence as well is that we calculate we wrote about $2.5 million in new business in Cincinnati Insurance Company on the non-E&S lines within those accounts. So, we are very happy with the progress we are making. We're rolling out property in addition to the casualty as the year goes on in these states. We will be active in 33 of the 34 states, with Delaware being our state of domicile. So, therefore, we are an admitted company there. We will be active in the 33 states by the end of the year. And our agencies once again are giving us a lot of opportunity. So it is very positive from our viewpoint.
Beth Malone - KeyBanc: Okay. And then, one last question. On your communications with your agents, I know that is one of your strengths, your agency force. A number of those agents also own Cincinnati Financial stock because they've been with you for a while now. I just wonder, have you changed your communications with the agents or are you just doing just the same thing you always have done? And what kind of feedback have you gotten from the agents to-date on the market conditions in Cincinnati stock?
Ken Stecher: I think they understand that we are under more pressure because of the financial sector, in general. And they understand that the investment policy that we have followed for many years has resulted in a little bit of a drop in our book value. I think one of the things that we did here just recently with my announcement was we sent out a letter to all the agents, just reinforcing the fact like I had in my comments what our main focuses are. The agents are going to remain our customers. We are going to stay much focused on providing service to them. The relationships are key, and we are not going to change any of the key metrics that have gotten us to where we are today, if anything we want to continue on that same path and improve in areas where we can. I think getting back to stock prices briefly; they understand the volatility of the markets. They understand the solid balance sheet that we have. And I think they are like all the other investors. They are looking long term, and we believe we are in fine shape to go forward.
Beth Malone - KeyBanc: Okay. And just one last question on that on the rating changes from the rating agencies. Do you see that as having any impact on your ability to write the business you normally write?
Ken Stecher: I think, Beth, from my point of view and J.F. may have some additional comments. But right now we are in the top 2% with our A.M. Best rating. And the A+ if they would review us at a later date that would still be in the top 10% of the companies with those ratings. So I think that would put us in a very strong position to continue to operate the same way we do currently with our agents.
J. F. Scherer: Beth, this is J.F. No question, we like the A++ rating, so do our agents. In the short term, obviously there has been a little conversation out in the field, other carriers commenting on Cincinnati. But we recently had our agents meeting where about 380 couples attended and we talked with them. We see no dilution in their enthusiasm or confidence in the Cincinnati Insurance Company. We've seen evidence, since the announcements in late June, of very substantial prestigious marquee accounts that could be very sensitive to financial ratings placed with the Cincinnati Insurance Company, additional book rolls. So, these agencies have done business with us in many cases for years. They have tremendous confidence in us. I guess to comment on the communication, we view the marketplace obviously as a competitive one. We have 108 territories. We think we communicate very well to all of our field associates with our agencies. Our agents are kept up to speed and know exactly what is going on with our company. And we are trying to leverage the 18 years experience as insurance professionals that our field underwriters have to navigate through a very competitive marketplace. So it's tough out there for everyone. We are in the same boat as everyone else from that standpoint, but we are very pleased with our results.
Steve Johnston: Beth, this is Steve. I might just add that in our current position, if you look at it on a statutory basis that the insurance companies, our premium surplus ratio still less than 0.9 to 1, I think we annualized it around 0.85 to 1. We have a very strong and diversified high quality bond portfolio that is sufficient to cover our liabilities. I guess a third point, probably all of us were with a large number of our agents at the Presidents Club and I think it was comforting to hear from them a commitment. They did not seem to be concerned about the rating agency talk at the time. So I don't think it is an issue.
Beth Malone - KeyBanc: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Scott Heleniak] with RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Just want to start off with a question on the three-year policies. You guys still marketing these policies as actively as you had been past couple of quarters. And what is your plan to market those as the soft market gets a little bit deeper, how are you thinking about that?
J. F. Scherer: Scott, I guess, I would answer that by saying we are marketing it as we have since 1951. About 90% of our accounts have a three-year policy feature to them. We don't time our use of the three-year policy. Year-in and year-out that three year policy creates I think a consistency and persistency in our book of business that our agencies are drawn to, their policyholders are drawn to. So we have neither increased nor decreased our approach in that area.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then you talked in your comments about marketing more successfully to personal lines agencies. Just wondering if you could talk about how you think you have had that success? Is it technology or pricing or how you think you've been able to penetrate more personal lines within the agencies?
J. F. Scherer: First and foremost would be technology. The introduction of our Diamond System throughout all states has been key to our ability to open up some new states and to add agencies. So I think our agencies are getting more and more comfortable with the system. Agencies that up to this point had chosen not to do business with us because of the absence of technology or direct billing are embracing it as well. Further, on the pricing side, we fine tuned our pricing in a variety of areas. We've talked previously on calls where when we increased rates over the past several years in some areas we overshot the mark and that depressed our new business writings. We fine tuned those. We are in the process right now of introducing nine additional tiering levels in our pricing schemes. And so, I think we will be in a much better position to more accurately target business for our agencies. So we are actively recruiting more and more agencies. We anticipated that we would add 90 new personal lines agencies this year, the lion share of which was in commercial lines agencies for us historically that now we will be writing personal lines. We will meet that goal and we've got another 40 or 50 that we think we can add to that shortly after the first two year as well.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then, one last question. You mentioned in the press release some of the higher loss trends in workers' comp, executive risk. It sounds like a severity issue. I wondered if you could talk about that a little more detail about some of the claims that are coming in?
Ken Stecher: Sure, our analysis indicated that there were about $38 million increase in large commercial lines losses. Case reserves reflected normal fluctuations in loss patterns, had normal variability in our large loss case reserves for our workers' comp claims. We did have several unusual large losses related to the non-catastrophe weather, as I mentioned in the set comments. And then we did have a higher number of executive risk losses between $250,000 and $1 million. I don't think from what I saw that it was anything that would be the start of a trend. It seemed to be a one-off thing. We did have as I had mentioned some larger claims with some adverse development. But if you look at in total including IBNR, including everything, we had quite favorable development. So you are right to point those out and I think we take it seriously as we look at our underwriting. We are a good underwriting company and good underwriting companies are always thoroughly looking at their books and their trends and their losses and we are going to continue to do that. I think its part of being on a good team around here. Our company knows Marty Mullen. I think over his 30 years here at Cincinnati, he's probably remembers more than I know about the claims around here, so I might ask Marty, do you have any insight on that?
Marty Mullen: No, thanks, Steve, that pretty much covers the synopsis of the losses during the second quarter. And your particular question concerning more comp losses, we did see one particular area between $500,000 to $1 million in new claims, a little unusual number in that second quarter than usual which contributed somewhat to that increase. But other than that, it was a normal trend.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. All right. Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Dan Schlemmer with FPK.
Dan Schlemmer - FPK: Hi, good morning. Guess a lot of changes in this quarter. So I will start off with congratulations to Jim and the other various promotions and also welcome, Steve. Glad to have you with us.
Steve Johnston: Glad to be here.
Dan Schlemmer - FPK: Ken, I am following up on Beth asking about the ratings, specifically on the A.M. Best. I think Cincinnati is still under review. Is there a specific timing on that or is that open-ended? I don't know if there is any other info you can give us just as far as what to expect in terms of timing? Is an A+ pretty much a worst-case scenario or do you even have any info from them on that?
Ken Stecher: Dan, we really don't have any info. I think right now the timing is open-ended. We continue to have discussions with them. We believe when we do go through their analysis from a quantitative point of view. We believe that the A++ rating would still be warranted, but I think there is still an open-ended timeframe there. I do believe that if there was some kind of action taken, I think the A+ would be the worst-case scenario. I can't see with our BCAR rating that it would be any lower than that. But, I also believe that we do have the criteria that they look for to maintain the current rating that we have. I think it is the strong financial strength, the good reserving philosophy that we have. We do have a good niche in the marketplace and we are a very strong company in the space that we write in. So those are the things I believe they look for. So I think we are in a good position, but obviously there still is some uncertainty because we still are under review.
Dan Schlemmer - FPK: Great, thank you. Separately, we talked last quarter I think it was J.F. commented on just specifically looking at the construction business. I think the comment is that was ballpark 40% or 50% of the premiums in GL and workers' comp. Can you give us an update on that market and just what you are seeing first of all in terms of business, obviously with the current state of the housing market etcetera that has got to be tough? Specifically, I'm assuming that business is just disappearing, right. There is less work being done. But, is that increasing the pricing pressure within that segment within that niche?
J. F. Scherer: I think disappearing is a little strong. The percentages we talked about is 41% of our GL liability premiums would have a ISO general liability code related to construction and then 48% on workers' comp. So that is the balance in our book of business. No question, it is down substantially. And as far as pricing is concerned, our payrolls in the sales and the residential construction, it is still under a lot of pressure, modestly so on the commercial construction side. However, we still insure some good contractors and good contractors still continue to work. So, it is under pressure for us. Some of the states in which we would have a pretty high level of construction business, New York comes to mind. We've seen some declines in overall premiums that are around 10%, so falling off the table, nothing like that so strong but it is having its effect.
Dan Schlemmer - FPK: And last question on the cat losses, I think the comment was 70% of the claims have been resolved at this point. So, I guess what level of uncertainty is still associated with the last 30% of claims? I don't know if you have a dollar value associated with those reserves, and there if you can make any comments on a range for just the cat specific reserves?
Steve Johnston: Dan, are you asking how much IBNR we might have left on those events, is that what you are asking?
Dan Schlemmer - FPK: Well, I guess, yes. How much IBNR, and then what is the level of uncertainty just with 70% of the claims resolved, what about the other 30%?
Marty Mullen: Dan, this is Marty Mullen. Thanks for the question. Fortunately, we were able to implement our storm team for those affected areas and I think it's safe to say they've done an excellent job in closing and resolving the majority of those cases to the point that all of those teams have been recalled. So the remaining claims are being handled by the local claim representative to finish off the final payments on those claims. So I believe that is really indicative of the severity issue related to those storms is pretty much intact. As far as the total amount incurred for those storms, it's approximately $77 million incurred for all 10 of those storms. So I feel like we have a good handle on the average claim and reserve per file and the exposure related to such and that the open pending files are well in hand.
Dan Schlemmer - FPK: Would it be fair to say then that given that your comments there that those claims are no more uncertain or no more risky of blowing up or anything like that than just the normal claims, that you are in a normal claims paying mode on those losses?
Marty Mullen: No, it's correct. That would be correct. At this point in time, the majority of those cases although they are open have probably been inspected and evaluated to some degree.
Jim Benoski: Let me add something to that, Dan. This is Jim Benoski. The incurred that Marty mentioned of $77 million plus is actually paid loss and case reserve. In addition to that, we've got $44 million in IBNR. So, we think we have adequate reserves on case, but we still have $44 million in IBNR out there in case something does happen that we've got a fallback.
Dan Schlemmer - FPK: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Stecher. Please go ahead.
Ken Stecher: April, thank you and thanks everyone for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in Cincinnati Financial and look forward to tracking our progress for you throughout the remainder of 2008. Thanks and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Heather J. Wietzel - Investor Relations Officer John J. Schiff Jr. – Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Kenneth William Stecher - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Jacob F. Scherer Jr. – Senior Vice President of Sales & Marketing James E. Benoski - Vice Chairman, President, and Chief Operating Officer Martin F. Hollenbeck - CFA
Analysts: Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Charles Gates – Credit Suisse Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton Mark Aden - KeyBanc Capital Markets Dan Johnson – Citadel Scott Heleniak – Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc. 
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Cincinnati Financial First Quarter 2008 Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) Ms. Wietzel, you may begin your conference.
Heather Wietzel: This is Heather Wietzel, Cincinnati Financial’s Investor Relations Officer. Thank you for joining us today for our first quarter 2008 conference call. This morning we issued our earnings release, along with our 10-Q, supplemental financial package, and the listing of the securities we own. If you need copies of today’s materials please visit www.cinfin.com where all of the information related to the quarter can be found on the Investors page under the quarterly results quickly. On today’s call Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jack Schiff, Jr.; and Chief Financial Officer, Ken Stecher, will give prepared remarks, after which we will open the call for questions. First, please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC.  Also reconciliation of non-GAAP information, as required by Regulation G, was provided with the release and is available on the Investors page of our website under financials and analysis. Statutory data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules as permitted by the State of Ohio, including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners Accounting Practices and Procedures Manual and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call over to Jack.
John J. Schiff, Jr.: Our first quarter was not the best that Cincinnati Financial can produce. It is no surprise that soft pricing and the property casualty insurance market pressured our growth and profitability, not so different from what many others have reported this quarter. Nor is anyone surprised at declining market values in the financial sector.  However, net income for the quarter suffered because we took some of those declines on a non-cash basis through the income statement rather than simply reflecting the fluctuation in other comprehensive income and book value.  We firmly believe and our 55+ year history let’s us say with confidence that Cincinnati’s strategies work through underwriting and business cycles. After reviewing our position we are confirming our previously announced outlook for full year performance and confirming our commitment to remain the financially strong and stable organization that our agents and policy holders can rely on.  We plan to do what we’ve always done to successfully compete in the insurance marketplace, supporting our agents’ strengths by providing them with local service and local decision making authority.  Our history also tells us that our investment strategy works and can lead to the accumulation of gains over longer periods of time. So our underlying strategies are the same as ever and we think that reserves are advantages that serve shareholders well. What we do refine continuously are the details as we respond to current conditions and update our initiatives.  This is an ongoing process that last year resulted in a higher profile decision, such as entering two states, moving into excess and surplus lines, increasing our share repurchase levels, more actively managing our common stock portfolio like we’ve done for the last three or four years now. More frequently it involves incremental improvement such as adding loss control services for our commercial policy holders and in many areas we are improving the competitiveness of our products on an ongoing basis.  Without dismissing the challenges of the first quarter, we believe we are in good shape to surmount them and keep moving in a positive direction. With that introduction, let me point to a few of the primary majors of the quarter. As you saw in the release, operating income was $0.66 per share compared with $0.88 last year. Catastrophe losses reduced earnings by $0.17 this year compared with just $0.01 in last year’s first quarter. Softer pricing and normal loss cost inflation accounted for most of the remainder of the change. We reported a quarterly net loss of $0.26 per share largely because of the non-cash investment write downs which Ken will discuss in a moment. Book value was $33.40 per share on the overall market weakness compared with $35.70 at year end, a decline of 6.4%.  I am going to now comment on how we are responding to current market conditions. Following my remarks Ken will give more detail on the quarter’s results and our investment portfolio and our outlook for the remainder of 2008. On the insurance side we continue to work hard to be the preferred market for our agents’ better accounts. We want to earn a prominent position in our agencies’ offices, not just for one year, but for five, ten, twenty years or longer. Much of what we do to earn agents’ business remains unchanged. Our field associates are in our agents’ offices asking for business, emphasizing the Cincinnati value proposition, calling on prospects with those agents, carefully evaluating insurance exposure, and working up their best quotes for good accounts. Working equally as diligently, our headquarters underwriters are talking to agents well in advance of policy renewal dates, communicating our willingness to work with agents, update coverages, and to retain good accounts. We emphasize many different aspects of Cincinnati’s advantages such as availability of a three-year commercial policy, the backing of our superior claims service, and our A++ insurer financial strength ratings, recently affirmed by A.M. Best Companies. We regularly review our products. For example, we have an update of our machinery and equipment coverage, including a new product to insure major mechanical systems under our home owner policies. Plus new agency appointments always receive careful attention at Cincinnati headquarters as well as by our field associates. We are using our capabilities to pursue quality business while pricing continues to declines and in some regions where economic pressures are further dampening market conditions. We don’t have much to add to the variety of comments on pricing trends. We just continue to focus on underwriting fundamentals as we make decisions with an eye towards the long term; both our long-term relationship with the agent and that agent’s relationship with the policy holder. We believe our field staff are quoting prices appropriate for the quality of the risk and avoiding the trap of competing solely on price. Our disciplined decision making remains in the hands of people who have direct local knowledge of the insureds, who know what needs to be done to maintain our relationship with the agent, and who have the right information to decide when we should price aggressively and when we should walk away.  We continue to evaluate new and renewal business on a case-by-case basis. Over the long run our history says that this steady approach works best for agents, for policy holders, and for shareholders. Turning to our personal lines business, we are looking to the second half of 2008 for some recent initiatives to begin to contribute. For example, we’re making new agency appointments and expanding geographically. We are opening for personal lines business some of our commercial lines states by introducing our web-based personal lines policy processing systems.  This will help spread and reduce our catastrophe risks. It will begin adding scale so we can continue spreading the expense of our ongoing investment and updated automation across a larger premium volume and improving our profitability. In addition, we can use the policy processing system later this year to implement more pricing points based on risk data, fine tuning our rates for each risk to produce very competitive premiums for our agents’ higher quality accounts. Only by receiving these benefits of scale can we assure our agents access to a competitive, stable personal lines market. Finally, we believe our new ability to meet the needs of our agents’ customers who require the flexibility of excess and surplus lines offers great long-term potential. That first E&S policy we wrote in January for $1,500 contributed to the nearly $1 million in E&S written premiums we are reporting for the first quarter. Our in-house, wholly-owned brokerage, CSU Producer Resources, focused on working with Cincinnati’s independent agencies located in Georgia, Indiana, Illinois, Ohio, and Wisconsin during the quarter. Our plan remains on track to expand into additional states where Cincinnati currently offers standard market property casualty policies and expand into additional coverage areas. We structured our new E&S operations to serve the needs of independent agencies that currently market our standard market insurance policies. When all, or a portion, of a current or potential client’s insurance program requires E&S coverages, those agencies can now write the whole account with Cincinnati, gaining benefits not often found in the broader E&S market. Our agents tell us this is working for them. And that’s a good sign of things to come. Ken, let me turn the call over to you.
Kenneth William Stecher: I’ll start today with some discussion of our investment performance and then turn to our insurance results and full year outlook. First, on investment income. Growth of investment income slowed, as we expected. While both interest and dividend income rose the lower growth rate is the result of lower interest rates, an unusually high number of called bonds, and dividend cuts on some financial sector stocks. We remain committed to portfolio strategies to balance near-term income generation with long-term book value growth. However, we continue to believe that full year investment income growth will be below last year’s 6.6% for two reasons. First, as we have sold investments that no longer meet our investment criteria, we are moving the proceeds away from common stocks with high yields, reinvesting instead into fixed-income securities with lower but more secure yields. And also repurchasing our own shares. Second, some of our holdings are evaluating their dividend levels in light of their own capital requirements and earnings outlook. We plan to continue to invest new cash flow from operations, first in high quality fixed-income securities to maintain a portfolio that approximates our insurance liabilities. As our operating cash flow and other factors permit, we will look for opportunities to invest in equity securities that help achieve our long-term portfolio objectives. The net loss this quarter happened because we recorded investment losses of $232 million compared with a gain of $62 million in last year’s first quarter. Almost all of the investment loss in the quarter was due to the impairment of $214 million before income taxes in securities that were trading well below the price we had paid.  Normally, market value and fluctuations are simply reflected in book value. We impair securities as we did this quarter when we believe they will not recoup their value in a reasonable period of time. A non-cash charge adjust our carrying cost to the period end market value writing the difference to income. Going forward we have a reduced cost basis on which we calculate future gains or losses. Often we will continue to hold an impaired security and in the case of impaired bonds our ability to hold the investment until maturity may allow us to recoup our full investment.  Unusual compared to past years $172 million of the impairments related to equity securities that lost value over the past several quarters as part of the fall out from the beleaguered credit markets and with the recovery outlook appeared to be more attractive.  We lowered our cost basis for Wachovia and Huntingdon and after the end of the quarter we have initiated actions to reduce our exposure to both of these securities.  In addition to impairment charges to income, March 31 book value per share was $2.30 below its year-end level. This reflected a net loss as well as a slightly less than 5% decline in investment assets to $11.6 billion dollars and $12.2 billion dollars. That was driven by a further decrease in the market value of our [inaudible] holding as it suffers from the same pressures as the rest of the financial services market. While the pressures on the securities market have been challenging, we saw our ratio of written premiums to statutory surplus remain relatively stable compared with year end. The ratio remains about 10% better than the estimated industry average according to A.M. Best. We remain a financially strong and stable organization, as the A.M. Best affirmation in late March of our insurance financial rating strength attests. We continue to execute our capital management plan by repurchasing about 3 million shares in the first quarter and part of the function of what we considered to be an attractive price for our stock at a point in the quarter when we were able to be in the market. As we said in the past, we balance the use of available cash flow between repurchase and investments based on a number of criteria.  Now turning back to insurance, first quarter premiums reflected the competitive market conditions. That softer pricing combined with normal loss cost inflation is putting pressure on our underwriting profit margins. Further, catastrophe losses swung from last year’s extremely low level of $43 million, which our history would say is a bit on the high side for the first quarter.  And savings from favorable development on prior period reserves made a lower contribution to profitability than last year. With a higher catastrophe losses, an uptick in other losses, and higher other underwriting expenses offsetting a lower impact for commission expense, we ended up with a 9 point rise in the combined ratio. It was no business [inaudible] dramatically unusual results. Although the property and [inaudible] business lines for the brunt of the catastrophe losses, as one would expect. The E&S operation added almost $1 million to written premium. Related expenses raised the combined ratio by about 1/10 of a point. All in all the quarter swing was broader than we anticipated, but as Jack indicated, we don’t see any real problems in our business. We are going to maintain our strategic focus and keep working hard. The Cincinnati Life Insurance Company contributed $0.05 to net income, down a few cents from last year, because of higher mortality and cost and other benefits.  I expect many investors are interested in how current market conditions impact our expectations for 2008. We continue to believe our full year net written premiums will decline as much as 5% as current commercialized pricing trends continue into the rest of 2008. We believe that’s a satisfactory comparison with our 1.9% decline of 2007 and the 0.6% decline estimated for the industry in 2008. It shows that we expect to prudently work to keep our best accounts and help our agencies protect their accounts from competition while knowing when to walk away from significantly under-priced or low-quality business. We believe we can expect a positive contribution to premiums for our new excess and surplus lines operations and we haven’t taken that into account in our targets for 2008. We believe our GAAP to [inaudible] ratios to be between 96% to 98% for the full year. As we noted in the release our target relies on three assumptions. First, the savings in payroll development reduces the ratio by approximately 12%. Second, it assumes that the catastrophe loss ratio adds about 4.5% to the ratio. Third, we expect a current and accident year loss ratio to be under further pressure. We are looking for a change in the expense ratio. We believe it will be about even with 2007 as an anticipated decline in continued commissions from this year’s record level offsets any increase in other underwriting expenses. We believe the level of performance we have targeted will allow us to sustain our industry leading position in the commercial lines insurance marketplace. We plan to take steps in our personal lines insurance operations to enhance our response to the changing marketplace. And we look for our life insurance business to continue to make a solid contribution to our earnings. We have been successful in recent soft market cycles outperforming the industry with lower combined ratios. Our case-by-case underwriting approach supported by field underwriters, loss control associates, and our claims team helps us retain quality accounts and places us in a position to benefit when the market changes. With adequate revenues and a strong capital position, we expect to maximize opportunities in the future.
John J. Schiff, Jr.: In closing, let me note that our 2008 Annual Meeting of Shareholders will take place at the Cincinnati Art Museum this Saturday at 9:30 a.m. We broadcast the meeting for those who cannot be in Cincinnati but we encourage you to attend. We are thankful for the chance to personally meet some of our loyal shareholders and discuss our initiatives and goals. Let me remind everyone that present with me here today in this room are Jim Benoski, J.F. Scherer, Marty Hollenbeck, as well as Ken Stecher and I are here to help field your questions.  So, let’s go ahead with questions.  
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Meyer Shields - Stifel & Company.
Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: In the press release you note that policy counts were down in personal lines and I was hoping you could go into a little more detail as to what’s driving that.
Jacob F. Scherer, Jr.: Meyer, we’ve been adjusting our rates throughout the country. We’re seeing in some areas where we’ve introduced tiering and sharpened our rates, we’ve lost some account there. The decline has been very modest, though, and we don’t see any concerns with it.  We would mention that later on this year, in October, we will be expanding our pricing process for our agencies. That should make us much more competitive in certain areas where we’re currently not. So though there was a slight decline in policy in force count in personal lines, once again, we don’t see that as an alarming event.
Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: What competitor actions are you seeing in terms of personal lines and commercial lines. Any function in terms of competition?
Jacob F. Scherer, Jr.: I don’t know that we could add anything that hasn’t already been reported by a lot of folks. We’re not seeing anything much different, in terms of what is going on in the market place in the way of competitor trends.  The pricing levels are extremely competitive, both in personal and in commercial lines. Most especially in commercial lines. But as far as any changes in what has been occurring over the last several quarters, it just continues to be a very competitively-priced marketplace.
Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: What were the investment segment results. The other operating expenses declines pretty significantly on a year-over-year basis. Is that going to continue?
John J. Schiff, Jr.: Are you just referring to the investment side itself?
Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: That’s right.
Kenneth William Stecher: I think that will probably be the run rate for the rest of the year, Meyer. I think there was a one-time line on last years number.
Operator: Your next question comes from Charlie Gates - Credit Suisse.
Charles Gates – Credit Suisse: My perception is that you write personal lines insurance as basically a concession to the agent. What do I mean by that? I believe personal lines insurance in the United States is becoming an oligopoly and the reality is you don’t have scale. What’s wrong with what I said?
John J. Schiff, Jr.: We try to market our home and auto insurance on a package basis to policy holders. We hope our agents embrace this idea. We see that it’s been pretty well followed over the years. We continue to encourage it. We see the prior carriers on some of our new policies being one very prominent carrier for auto and a different very prominent carrier for home. But families like to have one source for all their coverages, one person to call when the claim occurs.  And our best chance of meeting the competition, Charlie, is to go after the packaging of the home and auto insurance. And we find our premiums are competitive. They aren’t always the lowest but they put our agents in the ballpark.  And our claims system is the one that we get accolades from our agents all around the countryside. Our agents really hold our feet to the fire to take care of their policy holders. We have a contract with the policy holder; those are very important, but we market to the agents and the agent’s able to make an evaluation of when we’re doing a good job or we’re coming up short. So we very much rely on that agent keeping us in the game for their best home and auto accounts.  And it’s not necessarily the largest premium accounts, but it’s families who manage themselves pretty well, that look out for loss prevention as well as any good business would look out for loss prevention. I’m starting to ramble so maybe I should ask J.F. if he would step in.
Jacob F. Scherer, Jr.: Charlie, all I would add would be is it’s not a concession. Our approach is that it isn’t a concession at all. I think a couple of things have happened over the last few years that we’ve reported on consistently, and one had to do with the automation systems we provide to our agents to allow them to help us write insurance. We had fallen behind in that area but we have caught up and we are providing better systems to allow our company to be easier to do business with on the processing side. And secondly, from a ratings standpoint, or a rate calculation standpoint, there have been a lot of sophistications been introduced to the personal lines marketplace. That’s most important if on the aspect or the part of the personal lines marketplace that would be commodity driven, but as Jack mentioned, we’re not really trying to attract that business. And our agents still in the vast majority of offices want to put their valued personal lines clients with a company that’s going to do an exemplary job in handling claims. So I think overcoming the automation issue, overcoming some of the shortfalls we’ve had in terms of how we promulgate rates will put us back in a position to be a much more aggressive carrier and to write a higher and higher percentage of our agents’ book of business. But to characterize it as a concession to our agents would not be our strategy and I think you would find if you talked to agencies they wouldn’t feel that either.
Charles Gates – Credit Suisse: About three years ago you sold an equity holding that had been a superb performer. It was number two in your investment holdings. And I thought you sold it in part because you had concern over future dividends. To what extent does that raise issue with regard to some of the financial stocks that you own?
Kenneth William Stecher: We do monitor all our financial stocks and you are correct in that the cutting of the dividends, or most of the dividends, is a true concern for us. We have sold out of the National City position as previously announced and as in my comments today the fact that Huntingdon and Wachovia cut their dividends, we are going to lighten up on that position.  The dividend income is one of the keys for us that contribute strongly to our investment income, our operating earnings, and our ability to pay dividends to our investors. So this is something that is very critical to us. And you’re right, with Alltel, with them splitting the company, we felt like their dividend strategy was going to change. And that it would not follow the parameters that we try to invest by.
Martin F. Hollenbeck: Ken, you pretty well hit the nail on the head. I think, as he mentioned, investment income, dividend income, is very key to any selection of any common stock we own. So we are, in fact, monitoring it very closely. We have reacted in recent months to several adverse dividend decisions by companies and as that presents itself as we move forward we will do the same thing. So, we will attempt to be proactive.
Charles Gates – Credit Suisse: As I recall, during the fourth quarter conference call, J.F. made reference to the construction/building book. Could you provide an update on that?
Martin F. Hollenbeck: Charlie, 43% of our GL premiums are construction related, 46% of our workers’ comp premiums are construction related. We’re seeing, particularly in the residential construction area, obviously a decline in the payrolls and the sales, which are the basis of premiums in those particular areas. That obviously has an effect on our overall premium levels.  Correspondingly it would have an effect on the exposures that are out there. If there are fewer electricians out we would have a lower exposure. So what we’re seeing near is what you would see countrywide as far as the decrease in building. On the commercial side we continue to see some stability there, certain parts of the country is having a decrease in that particular area.  So we would simply, given the rating we have of our premiums in the construction area, that would have a depressing effect on our premium growth.
Charles Gates – Credit Suisse: I believe during the first quarter you bought roughly 2.9 million shares. Or maybe I got that wrong. On an annual basis what should the investor foresee that you might like to acquire?
Kenneth William Stecher: We did buy back more stock than normal in the first quarter. That was based off, we felt, of the attractiveness of our price and the other alternatives that we had from the investment side. We don’t have a guidance number out there, what we will buy for the balance of the year. But again, I believe our stock is attractively priced and when it’s in that price range we will be active in the market when we’re not on black out. So I think that’s probably the best answer I can give you at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Schlemmer - FPK.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton: I wanted to ask a question on the guidance you provided, specifically it mentions the 5% decline in P&C net written premium. During the quarter I think it was about an 8.3% decline. Is it reasonable to read into that a view that pricing competition is not going to get any worse, maybe going to not go down as fast? Or there other things behind that more specific to Cincinnati, or just any background on that.
Jacob F. Scherer, Jr.: I think what we’re comparing this quarter to the last year, that quarter is a tougher comparison for us, number one. There are some timing differences as far as bookings of premiums. And I think we are seeing some reports of some stabilization of premiums in certain parts of the country. We feel that based on the flow of business that we are seeing and experiencing on renewals that the first quarter results aren’t reflective of what we can produce for the last three.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton: In the earnings release it does mention the timing differences. Is that something you can give us a little more background on that, it wasn’t very clear to me what that meant.
Kenneth William Stecher: Dan, I think one of the things that is, just the various reinsurance pools that we have. Just an example, in that 8.3% decline, almost less than 1% of that was due to less reinsurance through some of the various sub-pools that we participate in.  Those are the things that we are referring to and we believe, as J.F. said, that what our field staff looks at in the pipeline, they believe that we can get down to our targets. If you look at our supplemental, you will see that the first quarter is the highest written premium quarter. So we think the comparison to the rest of the year will be a little bit easier to attain.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Also, on the E&S book, can you give us a little bit, paint a little bit of a picture, on what’s actually being picked up as far as classes and types of business and if you could talk a little more about the geography. I’m not sure, I think you’re still in just five states, or has it started to expand out? But if you could maybe paint a little bit more of a picture there for what your business actually that you’ve already picked up?
Jacob F. Scherer, Jr.: Up to this point we’ve only been writing casualty business. We started off in five states. In fact, we started off with a few agents in five states in January, to get up and running. The kinds of businesses that we’ve been writing are typical of the E&S business. We’re not writing some of the more hazardous classes but typical, small-to-medium size accounts that we would write on the admitted side.  We expect to add five more states by the end of May. Some of our larger states. And also to add property upcoming. So we’ll start writing some of the property risks. We’ve received an excellent response from our agents to give us opportunity to write their business. Our excess and surplus lines underwriters are traveling into agents’ offices.  We’ve got an interesting adding value proposition for our agencies. The Cincinnati Insurance Company adjusters will be handling the claims that our excess and surplus lines company would have. We provide loss control services with the same field staff that we provide on the Cincinnati Insurance Company side. The A rating that A.M. Best gave our E&S company right out of the shute was excellent, from our viewpoint.  The general confidence that our agencies have in us as a carrier and the way we’re approaching this with them has really opened the door for us. So we would expect to continue to build on what we thought was an excellent start in the first quarter and by complementing the casualty writings with property writings here very shortly we think the door will be open even wider.
James E. Benoski: The goal remains to be active in all states where we write premiums by the end of the year. And that’s an aggressive goal, but that still remains the goal.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton: And just again, on the current business, is it fair to say the segments or classes you’re writing, they don’t look, the mix doesn’t look that different from the rest of what Cincinnati’s writing limits or covers, the book of business is somewhat comparable, just with those somewhat unusual characteristics that generally knock them out of the standard market. Is that a fair statement?
Jacob F. Scherer, Jr.: Generally characteristic is absolutely a fair statement. The limits we’re writing would probably be, by comparison to Cincinnati Insurance Company, much lower than the excess and surplus lines side. We’re not writing excess casualty right now. For example, in excess and surplus we are not writing miscellaneous professional currently. So the casualty lines we’re writing now would be the typical premise exposures that you would see in the E&S business and some of the less hazardous products exposures.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Aden - KeyBanc.
Mark Aden - KeyBanc Capital Markets: My question just has to do with the equity investments that result in the temporary impairment. I was just wondering if you could give the four investments you mentioned in the press release that were responsible.
Kenneth William Stecher: They were Huntington Bank Corp, Peoples Community Bank Corp, Glimcher Realty Trust, and Wachovia. And Wachovia and Huntington were the predominant of those, the other two were relatively small.
Mark Aden - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And what way do you determine the definition of temporary?
Martin F. Hollenbeck: There’s no real definition that we could give you. It becomes a very subjective matter. We look forward about three quarters in this instance, and determined that the likelihood was not very high that we would recover, these stocks would recover to the basis we paid for them, and so we chose, on our own, to go ahead and see those as other than temporarily impaired.
Kenneth William Stecher: If I could just add, on Page 29 or our 10-Q, we give the detail completely of the entire $214 million. And it will the four stocks Marty mentioned and the actual dollar amounts.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Johnson - Citadel.
Dan Johnson – Citadel: Following up on the 5% versus 8% first quarter issue, would we expect that the better performance expected in the rest of the year is coming on the new business front or some improvement in retention?
Martin F. Hollenbeck: I think on the renewals perhaps a little more stability in the pricing on renewals. And we’re confident in our ability to produce new business for the rest of the year. So a combination of both.
Dan Johnson – Citadel: And given your geographic concentration, can you touch on maybe your top two states, and talk a little bit about whether you feel like the underlying strength, especially in Ohio, is getting any better or deteriorating.
Martin F. Hollenbeck: Dan, Ohio represents 19.5% of our premium. We were down 4.9% in Ohio last year. As a matter of fact, Illinois would be number two at 8.9% and Indiana at 6.8% of our overall writings. So we obviously have the concentration there in those three states. I would not see, in terms of new business writing, much of an improvement in those three states.  From an economic standpoint, and the same would be true of Michigan, its little tougher there in the Midwest. So we would not expect to see improvements from those areas. Most of where we’re seeing some growth would be in some of the obvious areas, the Southeast and some of our newer states.
Dan Johnson – Citadel: And you talked about your desire to cut back your exposure to banks that have cut their dividends. Are you willing to do that ahead of time as well? Basically make assumptions on some of you holdings that may end up having dividends at risk?
Martin F. Hollenbeck: We certainly wouldn’t be wanting to do that. In some of these cases it wasn’t always apparent until toward the end, but yes, we will make an attempt to be proactive here and try to get out, or at least trim back. It depends on the amount of the anticipated cut, duration, things like that. There’s other factors involved, but to the extent we could be proactive rather than reactive, we would like to do that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Heleniak - Ferris, Baker, Watts.
Scott Heleniak – Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc.: Do you have the premium volume for your new states that you entered last year, Washington and New Mexico? Just wondering if you had those numbers, first of all, and then are the plans to expand in those states on track or are you paring back considering what’s happened to the market over the past year?
Jacob F. Scherer, Jr.: In New Mexico we’ve written in the first quarter $415,000, and in Washington $152,000. So as you can tell, it’s just a beginning there. We’re on track. In New Mexico we have seven agencies appointed in the Albuquerque and Santa Fe area with eight locations and so we’re satisfied given the population concentration in that area and the kinds of agencies we’ve appointed there. We’re satisfied that we’ve got a good start in New Mexico. In Washington we were a little slower in getting some of our filings approved. We have a field rep in place now. Just had an agency visit this week for an appointment. So we would expect, and I do know that we have some things in the pipeline already written in that state, but those numbers would improve nicely as well. As far as those two new states are concerned, we’re pleased with our progress to date.
Scott Heleniak – Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc.: The point is always to start small and add what, five or ten agencies a year.
Jacob F. Scherer, Jr.: Actually in New Mexico, the areas where we’re likely to add agencies down the road would be in some of the smaller areas. But if you look at the population centers in New Mexico, it’s pretty concentrated in a few areas.  The size of agencies, the capabilities of agencies that we’ve appointed so far in New Mexico, it is our belief that they will be able to write a substantial amount of business for us. I wouldn’t anticipate in the next couple of years that we would appoint eight or ten more agencies in that area. Probably we got everybody appointed right off the bat that we needed to, with some minor adjustments. In Washington, on the other hand, and in northern Idaho, I would expect that we’ll probably see somewhere in the area of six to eight new agencies, probably by the end of this year or towards the early part of next year.
Scott Heleniak – Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc.: And then I noticed that the new business was down but it wasn’t down really as much as I expected it to be. Can you talk about the average premium size of some of that new business that’s coming in and are you writing much what you would consider large account business? Where does that stand versus last year?
Jacob F. Scherer, Jr.: Actually as we’re taking a look at our average premium policy it’s not changing a lot. It’s fluctuated a little bit. We’re writing some larger accounts and it’s not markedly lower. We’re having some success there. Our agencies have appreciated our loss control services and some sophisticated services that we’ve added.  So in terms of overall changes in policies, typically we’re seeing greater competition on the larger accounts, but that’s just in general. So as I take a look at some of these differences between 2007 and 2008, there’s hardly any change to it.  What we are seeing in general, though, is there has still been some pricing pressure, obviously, but we don’t like to be down in new business. By comparison, you can get a little bit of comfort in that, but we are hoping to for the rest of this year, because last year was fairly strong new business. January as far as last year. Compare the data for the rest of this year, we would expect that we could actually have an increase in new business.
Scott Heleniak – Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc.: Would you say the price declines on the middle market business, are they almost approaching the point where they’re as great as the large account? I know people of a certain group move down to the middle market, as well. What’s the disparity there?
Jacob F. Scherer, Jr.: I would still say when you have, large business for us would be in excess of $100,000 in premium for the account. That’s still drawing a lot of attention and we’re seeing some pretty aggressive pricing in that area. And you have to pick your spots. It’s not always the case that you have to be aggressively priced.  There are a lot of reasons to go into how accounts are earned and what pricing exists. I think middle market accounts, let’s say $10,000-$100,000 in range, that would be our definition. It’s plenty competitive, I wouldn’t say it’s much of a higher, though.
John J. Schiff, Jr.: It seems like we’re winding down on questions. If any of you have any question you would like to ask us off line, just let us know. We thank you for joining us. We appreciate very deeply your interest in Cincinnati Financial and we look forward to tracking your progress in following us throughout 2008. Thank you.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  John J. Schiff Jr. – Exec. Chairman, Chief Exec. Officer James E. Benoski - Vice Chairman, Pres, Chief Operating Officer Kenneth William Stecher- Chief Financial Officer Jacob F. Scherer Jr. - Sr. VP of Sales & Marketing Martin F. Hollenbeck - CFA Heather J. Wietzel - Investor Relations Officer
Analysts:  Elizabeth Malone - Keybanc Capital Mkts Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc Mark Dwelle - Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton  
Operator:  At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Cincinnati Financial Year End 2007 Conference Call. (Operator Instructions)
Heather Wietzel: Cincinnati Financial’s Investor Relations Officer. Thank you for joining us today for our conference call. This morning we issued the news release on our results along with our supplemental financial package and the listing of the securities we own. If you need copies of today’s material please visit www.cinfin.com where all of the information related to the quarter can be found on the investor’s page under the quarterly results quickly. In the coming weeks, cinfin.com also will host our online proxy statement and annual report, in preparation for annual shareholder meeting. We are making all of our materials easy to find and search online and we are encouraging shareholders to do just that, especially for items like the expensive and bulky Form 10-K but instead of totally discontinuing our paper mailings to shareholders, as the SEC’s new notice and access regulations would permit. We are planning more frequent shareholder communications with more condensed and digestible information that is mailed earlier within the past.  Getting back to today’s call, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jack Schiff Jr. and Chief Financial Officer, Ken Stecher will give prepared remarks, after which we will open the call for questions. First please note that some of the matters to be discussed today are forward-looking. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. With respect to these risks and uncertainties we direct your attention to our news release and to our various filings with the SEC. Also reconciliation of non-GAAP information as required by Regulation G was provided with the release and is available on the investor’s page of our website, also under financials and analysis. Statutory data is prepared in accordance with statutory accounting rules as permitted by the State of Ohio, including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners Accounting Practices and Procedures Manual and therefore is not reconciled to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call over to Jack.
Jack Schiff Jr.: Thank you, Heather, and good morning to all of you. And thank you for joining us today to hear about our 2007 results. When I finished discussing our insurance operation, Ken Stecher will talk more about our profitability, our capital management and our outlook for 2008 then we will open for your questions. I will start by highlighting the board’s action last week to increase our indicated annual dividends by 9.9% to $1.56 per share for 2008 to set the stage for this 48th consecutive year of dividend increases. Turning back to 2007 in total, operating income was $3.54 per share compared with $2.82 in 2006. Our market pricing trends tend to slightly lower written premiums and put pressure on our current accident year margins, several factors contributed to the excellent results. First we recorded our lowest catastrophe loss ratio since 1991. Second, savings from favorable development on prior period reserves were well above our expectations. Plus, life operations contributed $0.23 up $0.4 from a year ago. Investment income grew 6.6% bringing full year investment income above $600 million for the first time in our history. On the other hand, book value at year end suffered from market influences on the valuation of the financial stocks and our equity portfolio, a topic Ken Stecher will also address. On the insurance side, we continued to build our company for the long term, offering the consistency that lets us earn a prominent position in our agency’s offices not just for one year but for 5, 10, 20 and even 50 years. Agencies continued to successfully market our products to their better accounts. They gave us $325 million of new business in 2007 and helped us maintained the persistency of renewals at more than 90% of our accounts. Two weeks ago, we began our 2008 sales meetings visiting with agents in Alabama, North Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia. At those visits and other meetings, agents continued to report that competition in the commercial and personalized market places is rising. In some reasons and for some types of business, we are also seeing economic pressure. That pressure can affect our policy holder’s revenues or payrolls, which are factors in determining the premium calculation for certain business policies. Working closely with agents, we are using credits more frequently to retain renewals of quality commercial accounts with variations by geographic region and class of business. In many regional markets, to write the same piece of new commercial business, we would have quoted a year ago, pricing is down about 14% to 20% on average. Pricing on renew business is also down in the range of 4% to 6% varying by account size. Terms and conditions generally remained the same and are satisfactory but are beginning to be pressured by some carriers. Our agents brought us $71 million of new commercial business in the fourth quarter, bringing our full year new commercial lines business total to $287 million. There is no doubt it is a challenging new business market for our agents. Many carriers appeared to be managing the soft market conditions at working very hard to protect their renew portfolios to reduce pricing. When the agency can influence the selection of the carrier or our agents and field teams to a great job of communicating Cincinnati’s advantages and of minimizing price as the primary selection criteria, for business that would be new to the agency, they may not have the same opportunity. The results were not seen quite as many opportunities as we ordinarily would expect, nor is our hit ratio quite as high as we consider normal. We believe our field staff are quoting prices appropriate to the quality of the risks and avoiding the trap of competing solely on price. Our discipline decision making remains in the hands of people who have direct local knowledge of the risk. We are not sitting in Cincinnati, making those decisions by line of business or geography. We continue to evaluate new and renew business on a case by case basis. Over the long run, our history says that this steady approach works best for agents, for policy holders and for shareholders. Turning to our personal lines business, policy holder retention remained above 90% for both our personal auto and homeowner lines and new personal lines premium grew for the sixth consecutive quarter. The increased new business still does not fully offset the impact of lost business and lower rates on renewal business. We continue to work to improve our personal lines operations, restoring the momentum to this business remains a priority. We know that access to Cincinnati personal lines brought coverages and great claim service is an essential piece of strategy planning for our agencies. On December 31st, we accepted our first access and surplus line application, a policy with premiums of $1500.00 for the Cincinnati Specialty Underwriter’s Insurance Company. Our new wholly-owned brokerage subsidiary CSU producer resources is working with several of Cincinnati’s independent agencies in Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, and Wisconsin. In mid-February, we will be making E&S products available to all of our agencies in these states. These two subsidiaries will expand into additional states, where Cincinnati currently offers standard market property casualty policies as the new companies are paying the necessary state regulatory approvals. This is a priority for our operations. We structured our new E&S operations to serve the needs or independent agencies that currently sell our standard market insurance policies. When all or a portion of a current or potential client insurance program requires E&S coverages, those agencies now can write the whole account with Cincinnati gaining benefits, not often found in the broader E&S market, producers can submit risks from a variety of classes, reflecting the mix of accounts Cincinnati agencies currently wrote. CSU currently markets and underwrites general liability coverages and plans to expand this to include commercial property, miscellaneous professional and access casualty in 2008. Agency producers have direct access to our dedicated E&S underwriters and they also can tap into their agencies broader Cincinnati relationships to bring their policyholders assistance with experienced and responsive loss control in claims handling. Our new E&S administration system delivers electronic copies of policies to producers within minutes of underwriting approval and policy issuance. We will give extra support to our producers are remitting surplus lines taxes and stamping fees and retaining taxes and stamping fees and retaining admitted market declinations. We capitalized CSU with $200 million from its parent company, Cincinnati Insurance. That high level of funding underscores our commitment to help our independent agencies grow by partnering with a carrier they can depend on. Everything we do to increase their competitive advantages and success also helps us achieve our own long-term growth and profitability goals. CSU received an A (Excellent) from A.M. Best in December. Ken let me turn things over to you.
Ken Stecher: I am going to comment today on insurance profitability, our capital management and investment strategies and our outlook for 2008. Before I do that, let me point out a couple of items in the information we provided with the financial supplement. Large loss reports on pages 17 to 19 of the financial supplement. We refined these reports to show more detail. We believe this will help us better distinguish between simple inflationary effects and anomalies in the data. A reserve analysis is on page 23. On this report we now provide a detailed look at the effect of reserved development on our Loss and Loss expenses of dollars and the ratio. We hope you will find these useful in your analysis. Now, first on the Property/Casualty business. A full year combined ratio improved 90.3% from 94.3%. Jack mentioned the most significant influences on the improvement for both commercial and personal lines. Higher accident year loss ratios are more than offset by very low count losses and the benefit of favorable development on prior period reserves. Turning to the factors ahead of positive contribution. First, our 2007 catastrophe loss ratio was at its lowest level since the early 90’s with the dollars at the lowest level since 1997. Further, the year-over-year decrease was further influenced by our record level of catastrophe losses in 2006, even though the industry’s account losses are extremely low. Second, parallel development from prior year reserves continued at a healthy pace. Improving the fourth quarter combined ratio by 15.3 points. In last year’s fourth quarter, parallel development improved the ratio by 10 points our actual rates performed their most thorough review of our reserve positions by accident year in the fourth quarter. Full year savings from parallel development rose to $244 million or 7.8 percentage points of the combined ratio. About 0.7 points of that savings was due to bearable catastrophe loss reserve development. Over half of the savings for the full year was attributable to our commercial casualty business line, which would seem to be in line of recent industry experience. Particularly for our longer tail lines, our ultimate loss ratio estimates are showing the benefit of reclassifications and reprising our commercial lines book of business, early in this decade. During the same period, we also made changes to our policy terms, conditions and coverages of jobs and help manage limits or exposures. Further, we also continue to see positive payments and reporting pattern changes, partially attributable to the implementation of our client’s management system and to the use of a claims mediation process that promotes earlier liability to settlement resolution. Looking at losses this year, our commercial lines, the accident year Loss and Loss Expense ratio, excluding catastrophe losses, rose to 65.2%, from 61.4%, as you can see on the report on page 23. In the year, the changes in the current loss ratios are for our larger business lines were largely due to softer market pricing. About one point of the commercial accident year increase was due to higher losses from non-cat weather as we discussed last quarter. A few of those losses were unusually large as well. Large losses including those from non-cat weather, contributed a higher percentage in 2007 and 2006. We are accountable that natural volatility was largely responsible for the uptake. An accident year loss ratio in this range still translates into acceptable profitability for our commercial lines we are taking into account a typical level of reserved changes, catastrophe losses and expenses. In line with the soft market transfer experiencing, we are very pleased with the business are bringing to us. For personal lines, the accident year loss and loss expense ratio excluding capacity losses rose to 64.2 from 61.9. For personal lines overall, we believe that losses from non-cat weather responds for less than one point of that change. Personal auto results appear to be tracking what we are hearing from others. The effects of softer pricing were a primary reason for the four-point rise in the current and accident year-loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses. In addition, the natural volatility of large losses may have contributed to the increase. The homeowner ratio excluding catastrophe losses improved, showing the gradual benefit of our actions. The personal lines of 2007 loss and loss expense ratio excluding catastrophes were above our targeted range. As Jack said, we will continue to address pricing scale and growth and other issues to offer and store the financial health of this important business segment. On the expense side, the total company underwriting expense ratio rose by about one percentage point for the year. Commission expenses were up because of our higher level of contingent or profit sharing commissions arising largely from the contingent profitability of our agent’s books of business. The contingent commission approval on the fourth quarter was particularly high due to the large quarterly underwriting profit. Our commercial lines non-commission expenses also rose because of higher salaries and reallocation of expenses. CSU and producer resources of the two companies conducting excess and surplus lines operations for us did add very slightly to our overall expenses in 2007 as we invested in people and systems. We are looking forward to 2008 when we will have premiums to offset expenses. As Jack noted, agents are responding favorably to our entry into the surplus lines market. Those are my comments on the property casualty business. I will reiterate the Cincinnati Life Insurance company contributed nicely to our net income for the year. Before I turn to our out look, I want to add some color on capital management and investments. Including the ASR we announced in October, we made a record level of repurchases in 2007. As we said in the past, we balance the use of our available cash flow between the repurchase and investments based on the number of criteria. One of the criteria we consider is the valuation of our shares. In 2008, we will continue to follow the strengths and same strategy but do not know the circumstances who will allow us to match to low our repurchase activity in 2007. We do believe our stock has been a tranquility price to repurchase in recent months. The softness of the property and casualty markets is one of the factors putting insurance stocks under pressure. As we said in the release, another concern is the industry’s potential exposure to the credit markets including Subprime Mortgages. Locating our investment portfolio, we believe that the market may have judged our company’s portfolio too harshly on the score in the short term and that we are all position for a long term. Our investment portfolio contains little mortgage loans. Our following portfolio which has no mortgage tax securities continued to hold steady again in the fourth quarter. Winding credit spreads in the corporate sector or more than offset by stronger man for low-risk securities. We do have a substantial month in this little bond portfolio selected for yield and quality with the emphasis on essential services. Communities representing about 87% of that portfolio’s value are insured. Although many of the bond insurers are suffering from well publicized turmoil, our strong average underlying grading of A1 for the insured bonds minimizes our potential downside risk. Now turning to our equity portfolio, -- and other financial sector stocks, make up of about 55% of the equity portfolio, and about 35% of the total portfolio. This concentration offers us the advantages of good dividend income, and exposes us to market volatility when sector issues arise. Needless to say the sector is under pressure. Varying degrees of financial services firms in our portfolio are addressing and challenging credit quality environment and related issues. To address their saturations, some of our holdings are evaluating their dividend levels in light of their own capital requirements and earnings outlook, potentially slowing our investment income growth. We have to size portfolio strategies to maximize both income and capital appreciation the over long term and we are monitoring our holdings in the financial sector closely. We remain committed to sustaining strong and conservation. I know a lot of you are interested in how current marketing editions impact our expectations for 2008. Here is what we are seeing at this time. First we believe our full year net written premiums could decline as much as 5% if current commercial lines pricing trends continue into 2008. We believe that is a satisfactory comparison with our 1.9% decline of 2007 and the 0.6% decline estimated for the industry in 2008. This shows that we expect to lower prices to keep our best accounts and help our agents protect their accounts from competition. We believe we can expect the positive contribution to premiums from our new excess and surplus lines operations. We have not taken that into account in our targets for 2008. Second, we believe our GAAP combined ratio could be between 96% and 98% for the full year. As we entered in the release, our target relies on three assumptions. First, the savings and farewell development reduces the ratio by about 4 percentage points. Second, the -- loss ratio is about 4.5 percentage points for the ratio. Third, we will be watching the current accident year loss ratio excluding capacity losses. As Jack noted, the market trends had contributed to an increase in this ratio in 2007 are continuing and may put this ratio under further pressure. We are looking for a change in the expense ratio. We believe that we are about even with 2007 as an anticipated decline in contingent commissions from this year’s record level offsets any increase in other underwriting expenses. With legal level of performance we have targeted to allow us to sustain our industry’s leading position in the commercial lines insurance market place. We plan to take steps on our personal life in terms of operations is to enhance our response to the changing market pros and we look for a life insurance business to continue to make a solid and growing contribution to our earnings. We have been successful on recent soft market cycles, how to perform in the industry with lower combined ratios. Our case by case underwriting approach supported by field underwriters, loss control associates, and our claims team helps us retain quality accounts and places us in a position to benefit when the market changes. With adequate revenues and a strong capital position, we expect to maximize our opportunities in the future. 
Jack Schiff Jr.: Thank you Ken and thanks for all of you for listening and your interest in Cincinnati Financial in the Cincinnati Insurance Company. In closing let me note that our 2008 sales meetings will continue with meetings next week in Ohio and to other territories for the next two months. Agents in the mainly southern states, we visited a couple of weeks ago were pretty upbeat and we expect more of the same as we continue these sales meetings. Our agents know businesses and families need insurance. When the economy in less stable, they know people feel less secure and that is a great time to consider increasing security by getting a policy with a highly rated insurance company. We will work with those agents to take care of clients and earn loyalty? So we are about ready to open for questions but let me remind everyone that Jim Benoski, JF Scherer, Martin Hollenbeck, Ken Stecher and I are here to help with all your questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Elizabeth Malone of Keybanc.
Elizabeth Malone - Keybanc Capital Mkts: I want to get a little bit clarification on your comments that, there were some economic pressures in certain markets that where having an impact on your top line. Could you give us a little bit more color? Are we talking about residential construction or other types of businesses?
Jack Schiff:  It is really across the board for liability coverages but I think when you get into particular policies and geographic areas, I like for JF to talk about it more specifically.
Jacob Scherer Jr.: Not bad but thank you and you have hit it. Certainly throughout the country on the residential side, everyone knows that there is abating of a new construction. We like to turn them out construction, 43% of our general liability premiums are in the construction area, 46% is in workers com. Those ticker lines of business are based on payroll and sales. So, as we observe it on the commercial line side, commercial constructions side, particularly in the areas of government construction, road builders and things of that nature, that is holding up reasonably well, but on the residential side it is obviously to everyone taking a bit of a hit.
Elizabeth Malone - Keybanc Capital Mkts:  As far as that pricing pressure that you are seeing. I know that your strategy has always been the focus on your agent relationships. Is there something else or is that a tried improved formula in a market like this that you can rely upon, to kind of keep your business a little bit more intact, or are there new things you are trying other than E&S would be one example but could you give us some color on that?
Jacob Scherer Jr. : Well, our strategy to work closely with our agency is to try to improve strength of the company. We continue to leverage whether it is our field underwriters, lost control, field claims, machine and equipment, all of our field associates to call on our agencies discerning which accounts to write work together to make sure that we are renewing the right accounts and we think that is the way we to do it. We are on the spot, it seems the policy always on working very closely to decide which accounts are worthy of renewing, and which accounts are worthy of additional crediting. What we continue to do is we appointed our last two years, 121 agencies, so each year of this past year, 66 agencies was recorded. We were targeting 65 to 2008. We selectedly pick agents to complement the rest of our agencies in the 34 states we do business in. We think a great opportunity in terms of the quality of the agency that we would like to do business with us. It is a balance! We have many agencies that do a great deal of business with us in geographic areas. They are working through the just as we are, and so we support them. Certainly though, excess and surplus lines and the return of the momentum and personal lines are going to be two items that we think are going to contribute as time goes on.
Elizabeth Malone - Keybanc Capital Mkts: One more question, this is only on the investment portfolio. Given what is going on in the market especially as regards to financial, are there strategies that you are considering or diversifying a way from your traditional financial focus or have only waited in financials in to other sectors that maybe less sensitive?
Martin Hollenbeck: We are going to take a hard look at in all of that. Our general strategy is to buy and hold in dividend focus and dividend growth is going to stay very much intact. I think on how we execute the strategy is something we will take a look at, hopefully. We are in something from all of this. Interest various actions that there maybe to modify this in the future, I do not think you will see large whole sale changes because again I think we are still going through to that general philosophy but we are always trying to improve our execution of that events philosophy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with Stifel Nicolaus. 
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc:  Jack, tell us a little bit about how you might change your best in approach if there will be a change in the dividend outlook for some of the financial companies, and I am wondering does that mean you are going to wait for an announcement or is there any proactive analysis you can do that will lead to a change in the investment strategy?
Jack Schiff Jr.:  Well we will be proactive if we were fairly certain if something was imminent. Hopefully we could force off some of that if we really did see it coming. We are patient, me and for example in early 2006. We have been (audio gap) large amount of that in response to what we thought was going forward, a dividend strategy that was not conducive to what we are looking at, so we will try to be proactive to the extent, we can, yes.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc: I brought a picture Jack, you talked a little bit about how contingent commission are likely to go down in 2008. Are you expecting any pressure on the core commission rate?
Jack Schiff Jr.: There is always market pressure for the regular core commissions that we play. Our commission’s structure for the most part has been the same for decades and you might that remarkable but it is true. I think JF has better insight of what goes on in day to day on different lines of business. I wonder if JF would comment. 
Jacob Scherer Jr. :  We have constructed our base commission levels. I think it is competitive with the market place, maybe a little less competitive in the workers company area where we approach things conservatively. We would not view a solution to any problems as cutting our agents income. What we unloaded if you will in terms of reward to our agencies for a job well done tends to be in the contingent area, but this require long term property building and that is what we are all looking for. So we think the balance between a solid base commission’s structures is that we do not think really that it needs any attention, and the use of the contingent approach to provoke long term profitability in growth is a good balance for us. So I would say we are comfortable for where we are now.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc: One last question for JF. Are you seeing an up check in the number of your competitors that are looking for book rolls instead of competing on an account by company basis?
Jacob Scherer Jr. : I would say yes! We probably have seen a little more of that activity. It is very competitive out there and so it is not in common for a carrier to come and do an agency and ask to take over entirely with the business.
Operator: (Operator Instructions)  Your next question comes from the line of Mark Dwelle with Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc 
Mark Dwelle - Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc:  I just want to spend a couple of minutes talking a little more detail about the CSU. The first premium that quoted was seem fairly small, is that your ambition to focus on small size or will be relatively larger accounts?
James Benoski :  It will be basically on the size of the accounts that we are in right now. The large accounts are the medium size account from probably in the $20,000 to $50,000 range. That just happened to be the first policy that we wrote, and right now, we are only in about 10 agencies in five states. So it has not been extremely active but it will be very shortly. I think we have pulled it on in some accounts in the $100,000 ranges.
Mark Dwelle - Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc: Similarly to the extent that you begin riding more business there, will you be reinsuring that or seeding any more premium there than your kind of a costume run rate or will be retaining most of that premium?
James Benoski : We already reinsuring. I think we are retaining a million dollars a lot lower that than they do obviously on the P&C Companies.
Mark Dwelle - Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc: And related to the uptake in commissions related to the profit share. I know you have not change your policy particularly related to those but is that directly related to the size of the reserve releases that you did in the quarter or is it just the trends for the 2008 or 2007 business
Ken Stecher: I think it is a little bit of everything. We have excellent quarter; the releases were part of the underwriting profit. The agent’s profits would increase if the reserve take-down on the case reserve. So that would all factor into it. So every year we enter into this, the three-year average may become a bigger profit picture as we have entered going through this profitability cycle. So these are multiple factors but the underwriting profit in this quarter is a part of that.
Mark Dwelle - Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc: With respect to the personal lines, so you come into the pond, the new business volumes there and that is obviously trending in the right direction. How are price decreases coming across in that business, so today is grade is what we are seeing on the commercial side where there are other signs that that *wedding* is off at all?
Ken Stecher: We are by territory by territory basis, adjusting our premiums and I do not know if that is necessarily reflected to the market place in general. It is a matter of true in up our grade as we mentioned before from where we may have got ourselves out of the market in some cases out of the market by a substantial amount. What we are continuing to do then is adding more tearing, more scoring that allows us to further segment the business that we ride. We would not see in terms of the market place in general the kind of price the clients-- in personal lines that receiving commercial lines at all.
Mark Dwelle - Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc: Is that right, it is consistent with your strategy, it sort of focusing on agency relationship as compared to kind of a mass marketing approach.
Ken Stecher: That is correct.
Operator: We have a follow up question from the line of Elizabeth Malone of Keybanc Capital Mkts
Elizabeth Malone - Keybanc Capital Mkts: Could you give us an idea of with the pricing pressure in the market place that we are seeing and it is obviously we are in down cycle? Is there any catalyst you see out there that would change that pricing environment that we are in right now, or any sense of when you might there might be enough pain in the market place that you would see in some companies becoming a little more rational?
Ken Stecher: I do not see anything currently, I am having JF compliance in color but I think with the capital positions in the combined ratios that everyone are coasting that I think that the pricing pressure will continue at least to 2008 and possibly in 2009. I am not sure if it will be all 2009, I think we still have a ways to go from my perspective.
Jacob Scherer Jr.:  All of our competitors seem to be in pretty good shape financially. I suppose everyone is going to watch accident in your loss ratios to see where they do go. We have a good number of competitors, regional carriers that are expanding in to other states, appointing agencies. When you have no track record in an area, the differentiator, you use his price, and so its price value is very competitive. It will be nice to sound as optimistic tone on that. We do like our strategy. One again, we take the company into the field. We are seeing what is going on a case by case basis first hand. Given that kind of competition on what is going on, we like our chances for the long term, but it is right now that somebody competitors that seemingly have income statements and balance sheets, they are in good shape. They are all looking for market share, so it is a tough competitive in Miami.
Jack Schiff Jr.: In some years ago, we would be faced with this soft market conditions. And the ideas was that if you could ride at a combined of 99 or a 100 you would be okay, and that is a pretty good idea, and all of a sudden through the elements of inflation, through some reserving systems that might not have been as exacting as you would have liked. We found ourselves in our industry coming up with where we had thought to combine would be a 100, and all of sudden it was 103 or something even worst than that. We are mindful of that history and we want to guard carefully. That that does to mean that we will, but we are aware of those kinds of elements and the leveraging effect can be severe if we are not careful, and we do not want to go in to a market place where we would impact our insurance operation to the detriment of our agents as they go forward. So it is difficult to speculate what possibly could be the one catalyst that would change the current marketing conditions, and I think JF and Ken both gave you superb answers on their views.
Elizabeth Malone - Keybanc Capital Mkts: And then just one last question on the catastrophe experience you had in 2007, I understand that a lot of that has to do with general weather and the fact that is was very mild, but are there any other factors you think in your catastrophe, is it the business that you are writing or some of the underwriting way from some of the more highly exposed catastrophic markets that maybe also influencing that?
Jack Schiff Jr.: One of the things that we have that experience is, the beginning in the hard market is the application of deductibles not only in general but when percentage deductibles are in more wind prone areas, that has a big significant effect. In fact I think it had a significant affect on frequency overall. We have not seen as result of the market place softening, carriers or policy holders drifting back in to lower deductibles. So we view that as a real positive.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Schlemmer with FPK.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton: A follow up on the last question, talking about catastrophe, obviously it is way too early for any kind of claims data on basically the events from last night, the tornadoes but do you have any kind of picture of what your overall exposure just in that area? Can you share any to feed a general background with us?
Jim Benoski: Obviously we were right in Kentucky, Arkansas, and Tennessee, and that some of the areas that seem to be getting a lot of attention. In Tennessee it is more toward Memphis where we do very little business, Lower Rock was hit and we are active in the Little Rock area and also a lot of course in Kentucky but it is too early when we have a claims representative in those areas that will be making their surveys, in some areas I am certain that they have not even been able to get into the area yet because of security, but as soon as they can get in and start surveying what we have got, we will be able to—I would say, maybe a week from now we will have a better field. We are big in Nashville and I know Nashville a lot and so with an area that had some attention from the media. Right now, it is just too early for us to put a number on it.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton: If I can have a couple of different questions just on the loss experience. First of all, looking at – just the personal lines, I want to make sure I am understood, it looks to me like, just from the personal lines, just from the current accident year, you dropped your loss ratio down, at pretty significant amount, 12 points versus third quarter. I want to make sure I understand that, is that based on experience this quarter being that good or is there a lot of through up there relative to the first three quarters of the accident year flowing in to that?
Ken Stecher: Just looking at the third quarter of 2007, we had 5.8 points of catastrophes, in the fourth quarter of 2007 that was a – 0.7. So that would we also most 6.5 points swing, right there if you are looking at it. Including the cash, is that the point?
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton:  Well, I guess my question is, I am looking at the 58.5 for the current accident year for Q4, I mean, quite a bit lower than anything you have booked over the last six quarters. I guess the real question I am trying to get at is, I mean, are you seeing that much improvement in the book or is this sort of a one time true up and you are right, the cats obviously flow into that, but I was wondering if a decent chunk of that is a one time true up from the first three quarters or it is really, basically looking at a pretty significant improvement in the actual experience this quarter. That is really what I am trying to get at.
John Skiff, Jr.:  I think, I do not know if I can answer it completely, but I do think that we did see some release in the personal lines on the personal umbrella through the IBNR, the fourth quarter as I have mentioned in my comments actually is to a lot larger, a lot more full blown loss test in the fourth quarter and the personal umbrella in the quarter, I do not have the exact dollars on what might have been on the current accident year, but I know that could be a part of the issue.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton:  And then just overall, they are not just personal, but personal and commercial. I mean, obviously, pretty substantial releases from the prior accident years, can you give us a little bit of background on, I am really wondering which accident years you are releasing from what the aging is on that mostly and if you can give us background on overall what the drivers were if there were specific drivers which I realize sometimes, it is with the aggregate data.
John Skiff, Jr.:  That is true. I think, the fair amount of that was casually related and basically when I have talked to our actual real staff, what they basically said is when I am going back and looking at a lot of prior years and the years have been developing more favorably than they thought, so therefore, they are going back multiple years and saying, where we thought the losses would progress are progressing more favorably to us and so when they go back and look at those loss incurred ratio as we were looking at previously, it brings those down as marked clients get settled and there is less out there left for volatility and when I look across multiple years, they are finding that there is favorable development coming out of multiple years and so that is the biggest piece of it that is in the casualty line. Now as it related to for like the full accident year, just talking about casualty by itself, there are fairly large amounts of federal development in 2006, 05 and 04 and 2002, so it is kind of spread across various years.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton:  For some of the big news I guess last quarter, I mean, not big news, but news last quarter was this whole issue with the Florida DOI subpoena and then that has been somewhat in the news with other companies since then, is there anything going on there that you can share with us and whether that is developing into an issue or where that is going?
Jim Benoski:  We are at one point, we were subpoenaed to appear before the Department of Insurance and that subpoena was withdrawn. There has been nothing reset, I think what they are concentrating on are tiers that have a lot greater market share than Cincinnati and our share is, I think about $20 million and the areas they were looking at I think here is in the hundred million, so not much is going on from our standpoint. We are waiting to hear if they do want us to come down and testify or not. Right now, there is nothing set and whether they will call us again, we do not have any idea.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields from Stifel Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.:  I was just wondering whether there has been any difference in the ramp up of the agency you have appointed over the last couple of years compared to your agency’s deplorable ramp up status?
Jack Schiff, Jr.:  We have had a few more agencies appointed here in the last few years. Just to give you a little bit of background; on 2003 we had 47; on 2004, 56; 2005, 57; 2006, 55; and then 66 this past year. It is not huge. It is deliberate and as we have gone into a couple of new states, that has helped us along, but the make up of our agency forces is very key to our strategy. We carefully examined geographic areas. We would anticipate that level in the mid 60s, probably to continue for a few years. We are ranking up business growth as a result of that. It does not explode on the same for us. We tend to nurture those relationships for a couple of years, but we do well and we would expect that they are going to contribute to our growth.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.:  But the business growth that you are seeing so far is typical of your earlier year’s agency appointment.
Jack Schiff, Jr.:  There have not been any changes as far as the percentage makes up of newer agencies or more mature agencies. It is all consistent, yes.
Jim Benoski:  Thanks, Meyer, we appreciate it and we appreciate all of you for joining us today on our questions. We are available if you want to call us on the telephone and talk one on one. Jim, Ken, Marty, myself, we are glad to speak with you at your convenience. We truly appreciate your interest in Cincinnati Financial and look forward to tracking our progress for you in 2008. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. This concludes today’s Cincinnati Financial Yearend 2007 Conference call. You may now disconnect.
